[[Category:Todo]]
Planned to be a template for:
* Calling generic functions such as [[Module:Stat]] functions, see [[#Special Functions|special functions]], add more as needed
* Querying [[:Category:Data modules|Lua data modules]]
* Performing predefined calculations (e.g., [[Module:Combat]]) based on a context queried from data modules.
Currently, the context is one [[Module:Ship|Ship]] variable.
==Parameters==
===format===
If <code>table</code>, values will be returned as table cells.
===concat_value===
A separator to use when concatenating Lua tables, <code>", "</code> by default.
===[1]===
Can be used to call a [[#Special Functions|special function]].

Otherwise, <code>[1]</code>, <code>[2]</code>, ... use the following special syntax, either setting the context, or querying and returning values.
===#===
When <code>format=table</code>, returns a row separator (<code>"|-"</code>).
===@<iterator>===
Require a ship iterator, e.g., <code>base_names</code>.
===!@===
Set <code>ship</code> context variable to a next ship from the current ship iterator.
===!<ship>===
Set <code>ship</code> context variable.
===?<getter>===
Request data from <code>ship</code> context variable, supported queries:
* Any [[Module:ShipData|ship object function]].
* Any [[Template:ShipDataDocumentation/ShipForm|ship data module filed]].
* The following queries override ship object functions and implemented using [[Module:Formatting]] functions: <code>type</code>, <code>link</code>
* <code>code</code> for ship code
* <code>implementation_date</code> for ship implementation date in <code>year/month/day</code> format.
Any other argument is returned as is, so it can be mixed with calculated values in a table.
==Special Functions==
===error===
<pre>{{Calc|error|x|n}}</pre>
Calculates 95% confidence interval for a x / n proportion using the [[wikipedia:Binomial_proportion_confidence_interval#Normal_approximation_interval|normal approximation method]]. E.g., <code><nowiki>{{Calc|error|800|1000}}%</nowiki></code> gives <code>{{Calc|error|800|1000}}%</code>.
==Examples==
===Implementation dates===
<pre>{{Calc|format=table|@base_names|#|!@|?id|?link|?implementation_date}}</pre>
{| class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed wikitable sortable"
!Id!!Ship!!Implementation date
{{Calc|format=table|@base_names|#|!@|?id|?link|?implementation_date}}
|}
===Fuel and ammo consumption===
<pre>{{Calc|format=table|@base_names|#|!@|?code|?link|?fuel|?ammo}}</pre>
{| class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed wikitable sortable"
!Type!!Ship!!{{Fuel}}!!{{Ammo}}
{{Calc|format=table|@base_names|#|!@|?code|?link|?fuel|?ammo}}
|}
===Night battle power===
<pre>{{Calc|format=table|@all_names|#|!@|?code|?link|?night_battle_power}}</pre>
{|class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed wikitable sortable"
!Type!!Ship!!{{Firepower}}+{{Torpedo}}
{{Calc|format=table|@all_names|#|!@|?code|?link|?night_battle_power}}
|}
===API IDs===
<pre>{{Calc|format=table|@all_names|#|!@|?link|?api_id}}</pre>
{|class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed wikitable sortable"
!Ship!!api_id
{{Calc|format=table|@all_names|#|!@|?link|?api_id}}
|}
===Enemy Armor===
<pre>{{Calc|format=table|@enemy|#|!@|?link|?armor}}</pre>
{|class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed wikitable sortable"
!Ship!!armor
{{Calc|format=table|@enemy|#|!@|?link|?armor}}
|}

==TODO==
(Re-)implement (at least) the following tables using this template:
* [[Expedition/Support Expedition#Shelling damage calculation]]
* [[Partials/Opening ASW]]
* [[Template:NodeInfo#Name_list]]