This template uses equipment data modules to construct a ship card list table. The cards are automatically laid out in rows of 5.

==Example==

 <nowiki>{{EquipmentCardListKai
 |12.7cm Single Gun Mount
 |12.7cm Twin Gun Mount
 |12.7cm Twin Gun Mount Model B Kai 2
 |12cm Single High-angle Gun Mount
 |12.7cm Twin High-angle Gun Mount (Late Model)
 |!custom1
 |15.5cm Triple Gun Mount
 |20.3cm Twin Gun Mount
 |20.3cm (No.2) Twin Gun Mount
 |20.3cm (No.3) Twin Gun Mount
 |SKC34 20.3cm Twin Gun Mount
 |!custom2
 |35.6cm Twin Gun Mount
 |35.6cm Twin Gun Mount (Dazzle Camouflage)
 |Prototype 35.6cm Triple Gun Mount
 |41cm Twin Gun Mount
 |Prototype 41cm Triple Gun Mount
 |!custom3
 |Prototype 46cm Twin Gun Mount
 |46cm Triple Gun Mount
 |Prototype 51cm Twin Gun Mount
 |custom_row_custom1_content = ^small \/ medium
 |custom_row_custom2_content = large guns
 |custom_row_custom3_content = these are heavy
 }}</nowiki>

<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed">
becomes

<div class="mw-collapsible-content">{{EquipmentCardListKai
|12.7cm Single Gun Mount
|12.7cm Twin Gun Mount
|12.7cm Twin Gun Mount Model B Kai 2
|12cm Single High-angle Gun Mount
|12.7cm Twin High-angle Gun Mount (Late Model)
|!custom1
|15.5cm Triple Gun Mount
|20.3cm Twin Gun Mount
|20.3cm (No.2) Twin Gun Mount
|20.3cm (No.3) Twin Gun Mount
|SKC34 20.3cm Twin Gun Mount
|!custom2
|35.6cm Twin Gun Mount
|35.6cm Twin Gun Mount (Dazzle Camouflage)
|Prototype 35.6cm Triple Gun Mount
|41cm Twin Gun Mount
|Prototype 41cm Triple Gun Mount
|!custom3
|Prototype 46cm Twin Gun Mount
|46cm Triple Gun Mount
|Prototype 51cm Twin Gun Mount
|custom_row_custom1_content = ^small \/ medium
|custom_row_custom2_content = large guns
|custom_row_custom3_content = these are heavy
}}
</div>
</div>

==Parameters==

The following sections describe the parameters that can be passed to this template.

===Ships===

The list of ships to be included in that table should be passed in as unnamed parameters, like in the example.
Pass a dash (-) to insert an empty cell.
Pass an exclamation mark (!) followed by a string key to specify a [[#Custom Rows|custom row]].

====Ship Name Format====

Ships should be passed in as ''ship_name''[/''suffix''].

For example, the basic form of [[Ooyodo]] would be specified as ''Ooyodo'', whereas her Kai form would be specified as ''Ooyodo/Kai''.

===Custom Rows===

You can specify custom rows by passing in an exclamation mark followed by a string key as described in [[#Ships]].

You can then set the properties of that custom row using the following parameters:

====custom_row_''key''_content====

Pass this parameter to set the content of the custom row. You can use wikitext. Be careful with = and |, for they may interfere with template parsing.

====custom_row_''key''_text_align====

Pass this parameter to set the text_align of the custom row. Defaults to "start".

<includeonly>[[Category:Templates that use equipment data modules|{{PAGENAME}}]]</includeonly><noinclude>[[Category:Template documentation|{{PAGENAME}}]]</noinclude>