<includeonly>{{#vardefine:info|{{#invoke:EquipmentPage|info|pagename={{{1|{{PAGENAME}}}}}}}}}{{#vardefine:wikipedia|{{#invoke:EquipmentPage|wikipedia|pagename={{{1|{{PAGENAME}}}}}}}}}{{#vardefine:buildable|{{#invoke:EquipmentPage|buildable|pagename={{{1|{{PAGENAME}}}}}}}}}{{#vardefine:improvable|{{#invoke:EquipmentPage|improvable|pagename={{{1|{{PAGENAME}}}}}}}}}{{EquipmentInfoKai|{{{1|{{PAGENAME}}}}}}}{{EquipmentCategoriesKai|{{{1|{{PAGENAME}}}}}}}
<h2>Introduction</h2>
<p lang="ja">{{#if:{{#var:info}}|{{#var:info}}|{{#if:{{{ja|}}}|{{{ja}}}|?}}}}</p>
<p>''{{#if:{{{en|}}}|{{{en}}}|?}}''</p>
<h2>Notes</h2>
'''{{#if:{{#var:buildable}}|Buildable|Unbuildable}}'''
{{#categorytree:Ships with {{{1|{{PAGENAME}}}}} as stock equipment|mode=pages|depth=0}}
{{#categorytree:Equipment that consume {{{1|{{PAGENAME}}}}} during improvement|mode=pages|depth=0}}
{{#if:{{{header|}}}||{{{notes|}}}{{clear}}
{{#if:{{#var:improvable}}|<h2>Improvement</h2>
{{ImprovementTableKai|{{{1|{{PAGENAME}}}}}|categories=true}}}}
{{#ifexist:{{{1|{{PAGENAME}}}}}/Bonuses|<h2>Bonuses</h2>
[[Category:Equipment with bonuses]]
{{:{{{1|{{PAGENAME}}}}}/Bonuses}}}}
{{#if:{{{trivia|}}}|<h2>Trivia</h2>{{#if:{{{collapsed|}}}|<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed">}}
{{{trivia}}}{{#if:{{{collapsed|}}}|</div>{{clear}}}}}}
{{#if:{{#var:wikipedia}}|{{#if:{{{see also|}}}|<h2>See also</h2>
*{{#var:wikipedia}}
{{{see also}}}|<h2>See also</h2>
*{{#var:wikipedia}}}}|{{#if:{{{see also|}}}|<h2>See also</h2>
{{{see also}}}}}}}
{{#if:{{{test|}}}|{{Equipmentlist/Test}}|{{Equipmentlist}}}}}}</includeonly><noinclude>
Layout template for [[:Category:Player equipment|equipment pages]].

The general layout that can be generated is:
*Infobox
*Automatic categories
*Introduction section: Japanese and English descriptions
*Notes section: Buildable/Unbuildable note, category trees, notes text, section clear
*Improvement section if equipment is improvable
*Bonuses section, if <code>/Bonuses</code> subpage exists.
*Trivia section
*See also section: Wikipedia and other links
*Navbox.

==Parameters==
*'''[1]''': equipment name, <code>PAGENAME</code> is used by default.
*'''ja''': Japanese description of the equipment, defaults to <code>_info</code> (<code>api_info</code>) from equipment data module or to <code>?</code> when there is no <code>_info</code>.
*'''en''': English description of the equipment, defaults to <code>?</code>.
*'''notes''': text in notes section.
*'''trivia ''': text in optional trivia section.
**'''collapsed''': set to have collapsed trivia section (e.g., for long write-ups).
*'''see also''': text in optional see also section.
*'''header''': set to ignore and not generate anything after category tree (notes text and clear, improvement, trivia, see also sections, navbox).

===Lua parameters===
The following equipment data module fields are used:
*<code>_info</code> for '''ja'''
*<code>_wikipedia</code> for Wikipedia link in optional see also section.
*<code>_buildable</code> for Buildable/Unbuildable note
*<code>_improvements</code> for optional improvement section.

==Usage==
Full page:
<pre>
{{Equipment

|en = 

|notes = 

|trivia = 

|see also = 

}}
</pre>
Or only for the header (from infobox to category tree):
<pre>
{{Equipment

|header = true

|en = 

}}
...
</pre>
</noinclude>