This template uses equipment data modules to construct a comparison chart for a set of equipment. It automatically merges cells, highlights cells based on customizable thresholds, and hides stat columns which contain all zeroes.

==Example==

 <nowiki>{{EquipmentComparisonKai
 |14cm Single Gun Mount
 |15.5cm Triple Gun Mount
 |20.3cm Twin Gun Mount
 |20.3cm (No.2) Twin Gun Mount
 |20.3cm (No.3) Twin Gun Mount
 |15.2cm Twin Gun Mount
 |14cm Twin Gun Mount
 |SKC34 20.3cm Twin Gun Mount
 |firepower_outstanding = 9
 |firepower_good = 7
 |aa_outstanding = 3
 |aa_good = 2
 |shelling_accuracy_outstanding = 2
 |shelling_accuracy_good = 1
 }}</nowiki>

<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed">
becomes

<div class="mw-collapsible-content">{{EquipmentComparisonKai
|14cm Single Gun Mount
|15.5cm Triple Gun Mount
|20.3cm Twin Gun Mount
|20.3cm (No.2) Twin Gun Mount
|20.3cm (No.3) Twin Gun Mount
|15.2cm Twin Gun Mount
|14cm Twin Gun Mount
|SKC34 20.3cm Twin Gun Mount
|firepower_outstanding = 9
|firepower_good = 7
|aa_outstanding = 3
|aa_good = 2
|shelling_accuracy_outstanding = 2
|shelling_accuracy_good = 1
}}</div>
</div>

==Parameters==

The following sections describe the parameters that can be passed to this template.

===Equipment===

The list of equipment to be included in the table should be passed in as unnamed parameters, like in the example.
Pass a dash (-) to prevent cells in the row above from merging with cells in the row below.
Pass a hash (#) to insert a header row.
Pass an exclamation mark (!) followed by a string key to specify a [[#Custom Rows|custom row]].

===Cell highlighting===

Thresholds can be set to control automatic highlighting of many of the columns. The following columns can be highlighted:

* firepower
* bombing
* torpedo
* aa
* asw
* los
* luck
* armor
* evasion
* shelling_accuracy
* speed
* range

To set the threshold for the yellow highlight, pass the parameter ''column_name''_good.

To set the threshold for the green highlight, pass the parameter ''column_name''_outstanding.

By default, if the value of the cell > the threshold value, then the highlight is applied.

You can change the operator used by passing the parameter ''column_name''_operator. The operators >, < are available.

===Notes===

You can specify custom notes in the notes column for each ship by passing the parameter ''equipmentname''_notes.

===Custom Rows===

You can specify custom rows by passing in an exclamation mark followed by a string key as described in [[#Equipment]].

You can then set the properties of that custom row using the following parameters:

====custom_row_''key''_content====

Pass this parameter to set the content of the custom row. You can use wikitext. Be careful with = and |, for they may interfere with template parsing.

====custom_row_''key''_text_align====

Pass this parameter to set the text_align of the custom row. Defaults to "start".

<includeonly>[[Category:Templates that use equipment data modules|{{PAGENAME}}]]</includeonly><noinclude>[[Category:Template documentation|{{PAGENAME}}]]</noinclude>