This template uses equipment data modules to construct a list of equipment.

==Example==

 <nowiki>{{EquipmentListKai
 |12.7cm Twin Gun Mount
 |20.3cm Twin Gun Mount
 |41cm Twin Gun Mount
 |15.5cm Triple Secondary Gun Mount
 |61cm Quadruple (Oxygen) Torpedo Mount
 |Ryuusei
 |Reppuu
 |Type 0 Reconnaissance Seaplane
 |No. 13 Air Radar
 |No. 21 Air Radar
 |Type 3 Depth Charge Projector
 |#
 |Type 3 Active Sonar
 |25mm Triple Autocannon Mount
 |Searchlight
 |Star Shell
 |Fleet Command Facility
 }}</nowiki>

<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed">
becomes

<div class="mw-collapsible-content">{{EquipmentListKai
|12.7cm Twin Gun Mount
|20.3cm Twin Gun Mount
|41cm Twin Gun Mount
|15.5cm Triple Secondary Gun Mount
|61cm Quadruple (Oxygen) Torpedo Mount
|Ryuusei
|Reppuu
|Type 0 Reconnaissance Seaplane
|No. 13 Air Radar
|No. 21 Air Radar
|Type 3 Depth Charge Projector
|#
|Type 3 Active Sonar
|25mm Triple Autocannon Mount
|Searchlight
|Star Shell
|Fleet Command Facility
}}</div>
</div>

==Parameters==

The following sections describe the parameters that can be passed to this template.

===Equipment===

The list of equipment to be included in the table should be passed in as unnamed parameters, like in the example.
Pass a hash (#) to insert a header row.
Pass an exclamation mark (!) followed by a string key to specify a [[#Custom Rows|custom row]].

===Notes===

You can specify custom notes in the notes column for each ship by passing the parameter ''equipmentname''_notes.

===Custom Rows===

You can specify custom rows by passing in an exclamation mark followed by a string key as described in [[#Equipment]].

You can then set the properties of that custom row using the following parameters:

====custom_row_''key''_content====

Pass this parameter to set the content of the custom row. You can use wikitext. Be careful with = and |, for they may interfere with template parsing.

====custom_row_''key''_text_align====

Pass this parameter to set the text_align of the custom row. Defaults to "start".

====custom_row_''key''_bg_color====

Pass this parameter to set the background-color of the custom row. Defaults to "transparent".

<includeonly>[[Category:Templates that use equipment data modules|{{PAGENAME}}]]</includeonly><noinclude>[[Category:Template documentation|{{PAGENAME}}]]</noinclude>