This is the general discussion area for [[{{{Eventseason|Fall 2016 Event}}}/{{{Eventmap|E-1}}}]].

==What you may discuss here==
*Equipment loadout
*Ship arrangement
*[[LBAS]] loadout
*Support expedition loadout
*Farming and clearing strategies
*Game mechanics (both old and new) and boss gauge HQ scaling report (which is also [[Events/Mechanics#Difficulty Selection|a mechanics]]).
*Branching rules. If you wish to propose a branching rule, here's a read-only <span style="font-size:18px;">[{{{ViewSpreadsheet|https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1SybHvKEJFjjKkzNKp2DeQUpCaW6sVkI4Q4Pg9LXnuQ8/edit?usp=sharing}}} composition report data spreadsheet]</span> you can use to check the validity of your proposal yourself.
*Test composition request.

==What you may NOT discuss here==
*Fleet composition to achieve a certain branching. Report those to the <span style="font-size:18px;">[{{{ReportSpreadsheet|https://goo.gl/forms/XvqznWI1C3LjM5G82}}} Google Form]</span> instead. You may request a frontliner to test a composition in this thread. The frontliner may then report the result in both this thread and Google Form without penalties.
*Drops: where they drop and at which rank that they drop. Those information are already available on [https://db.kcwiki.moe/drop/ Poi Statistics] and various other [http://kancolle-db.net/ automated] [https://myfleet.moe/entire/sta/drop_stage#event databases].
*Enemy patterns report. Again, they're available on [https://db.kcwiki.moe/drop/ Poi Statistics (a.k.a. Poi Database or Poi DB)]. While you may not report enemy patterns here, you may discuss how to beat these patterns and/or warn others of hard patterns.
*Salty and bragging posts. Do that in the comment section of [[{{{Eventseason|Fall 2016 Event}}}|the event article]] instead.
*Anything not related to {{{Eventmap|E-1}}} map. Any suggestions or concerns to our wiki staff can go to [[Suggestion]]. Everything else can go to our live <span style="plainlinks">[http://discord.me/kancolle chat]</span>.

Good luck and fair seas, Admirals!
<noinclude>
{{documentation}}
</noinclude>