This template uses equipment data modules to construct an improvement table for a piece of equipment, or a list of improvements for multiple equipment.

==Example==

 <nowiki>{{ImprovementTableKai|Type 94 Anti-Aircraft Fire Director}}
 {{ImprovementTableKai
 |Type 93 Passive Sonar
 |Type 3 Active Sonar
 |Type 4 Passive Sonar
 }}</nowiki>

<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed">
becomes

<div class="mw-collapsible-content">{{ImprovementTableKai|Type 94 Anti-Aircraft Fire Director}}
{{ImprovementTableKai
|Type 93 Passive Sonar
|Type 3 Active Sonar
|Type 4 Passive Sonar
}}</div>
</div>

==Parameters==

The following sections describe the parameters that can be passed to this template.

===Equipment===

The list of equipment to be included in the table should be passed in as unnamed parameters, like in the example.
If only one equipment is passed the template will form a standalone table rather than a one item list table.
Pass a hash (#) to insert a header row.
Pass an exclamation mark (!) followed by a string key to specify a [[#Custom Rows|custom row]].

===Notes===

You can specify custom notes in the notes column for each ship by passing the parameter ''equipmentname''_notes.

===Custom Rows===

You can specify custom rows by passing in an exclamation mark followed by a string key as described in [[#Equipment]].

You can then set the properties of that custom row using the following parameters:

====custom_row_''key''_content====

Pass this parameter to set the content of the custom row. You can use wikitext. Be careful with = and |, for they may interfere with template parsing.

====custom_row_''key''_text_align====

Pass this parameter to set the text_align of the custom row. Defaults to "start".

====custom_row_''key''_bg_color====

Pass this parameter to set the background-color of the custom row. Defaults to "transparent".

<includeonly>[[Category:Templates that use equipment data modules|{{PAGENAME}}]][[Category:Templates that use ship data modules|{{PAGENAME}}]]</includeonly><noinclude>[[Category:Template documentation|{{PAGENAME}}]]</noinclude>