==Basic==
;Description
:This template is a re-make of [[Module:NanaminFleet]]. Its purpose is to create a fleet table displaying ships and their equipment.
;Skeleton
<pre>{{NanaminFleetKai
| #Header
| <Ship>/<Model>/<Level>
| <Equipment>
| <Equipment>
| <Equipment>
| <Equipment>
|-
| hq = 
| route = 
| difficulty = 
| drops = 
| use_los = true
}}</pre>

==Syntax==
*''Ship'' is the ship's name. For example, "Sendai".
*''Model'' is the ship's remodel. This may be "", "Kai", "Kai Ni", "A", "Carrier", "Carrier Kai", "Carrier Kai Ni", "zwei" or "drei".
*''Level'' is the ship's current level. Alternatively, if ''use_los'' is set, this will be the ship's base line of sight (LoS) value (without any equipment on).
*''Equipment'' is the ship's equipment. Slot order does matter as it is used to calculate the ship's fighter power.

===Special Values===
*''Header'' places a row that stretches across the full width of the table and contains the text after the #. This can only be placed at the top of odd-numbered rows.
*''hq'' is the user's current HQ level.
*''route'' is the route taken on the map. This is used as-is, so you can write it how you like. For example, "A-B/C-D/E-F" and "A-B-D-F or A-C-E-F" are both valid entries.
*''difficulty'' is the difficulty setting chosen for an event. It is used as-is, but it is recommended to use "Easy", "Medium" or "Hard" for clarity. '''This field is optional.'''
*''drops'' contains the names of ships the user obtained from the map. It is a list of ship names with forward slashes separating them. For example, "Akizuki/Akashi/Taigei/U-511/Tokitsukaze/Maikaze". '''This field is optional.'''
*''use_los'' defines whether the ''Level'' field will be read as the ship's current level or base LoS. As modules may not be 100% accurate due to missing information or otherwise, users may opt to input the base LoS values themselves.

===Styling Values===
:All fields here are '''optional'''.
*''header_bg'' is the background color of any headers inserted. The default value is "#98D2F0".
*''ship_card_bg'' is the background color of the ship card cell. The default value is "transparent".
*''equip_icon_bg'' is the background color of the equipment icon cell. The default value is "#8DCDEE".
*''equip_bg'' is the background color of the equipment cell when there is an equip. The default value is "#E4F3FB".
*''equip_locked_bg'' is the background color of the equipment cell when there is nothing equipped or the slot is locked. The default value is "#CDDBE2".
*''extra_cells_bg'' is the background color for the cells before the main table body. The default value is "#98D2F0".

==Example==
<pre>{{NanaminFleetKai
| #Main Fleet
| Maya/Kai Ni/1
| 20.3cm (No.3) Twin Gun Mount
| 25mm Triple Autocannon Mount Concentrated Deployment
| 10cm Twin High-angle Gun Mount (Carriage)
| Type 0 Observation Seaplane
|-
| Amagi/Kai/1
| Suisei (601 Air Group)
| Type 0 Fighter Model 62 (Fighter-bomber)
| Reppuu (601 Air Group)
| Skilled Carrier-based Aircraft Maintenance Personnel
|-
| Zuikaku/Kai/1
| Reppuu
| Zero Fighter Model 52C (601 Air Group)
| Suisei (Egusa Squadron)
| Ryuusei (601 Air Group)
|-
| Shoukaku/Kai/1
| Reppuu
| Zero Fighter Model 52C (601 Air Group)
| Tenzan Model 12 (Tomonaga Squadron)
| Suisei (601 Air Group)
|-
| #Escort Fleet
| Chikuma/Kai Ni/1
| 20.3cm (No.3) Twin Gun Mount
| 20.3cm (No.2) Twin Gun Mount
| Zuiun (634 Air Group)
| No. 32 Surface Radar
|-
| Kiso/Kai Ni/1
| Kouhyouteki
| 20.3cm (No.2) Twin Gun Mount
| 20.3cm (No.2) Twin Gun Mount
|-
| hq = 100
| route = A-B-C-D or A-E-F-G
| difficulty = {{Salt}}
| drops = Akizuki/Akashi/Taigei/U-511/Tokitsukaze/Maikaze
| header_bg = #98D2F0
| ship_card_bg = transparent
| equip_icon_bg = #8DCDEE
| equip_bg = #E4F3FB
| equip_locked_bg = #CDDBE2
| extra_cells_bg = #98D2F0
}}</pre>
{{NanaminFleetKai
| #Main Fleet
| Maya/Kai Ni/1
| 20.3cm (No.3) Twin Gun Mount
| 25mm Triple Autocannon Mount Concentrated Deployment
| 10cm Twin High-angle Gun Mount (Carriage)
| Type 0 Observation Seaplane
|-
| Amagi/Kai/1
| Suisei (601 Air Group)
| Type 0 Fighter Model 62 (Fighter-bomber)
| Reppuu (601 Air Group)
| Skilled Carrier-based Aircraft Maintenance Personnel
|-
| Zuikaku/Kai/1
| Reppuu
| Zero Fighter Model 52C (601 Air Group)
| Suisei (Egusa Squadron)
| Ryuusei (601 Air Group)
|-
| Shoukaku/Kai/1
| Reppuu
| Zero Fighter Model 52C (601 Air Group)
| Tenzan Model 12 (Tomonaga Squadron)
| Suisei (601 Air Group)
|-
| #Escort Fleet
| Chikuma/Kai Ni/1
| 20.3cm (No.3) Twin Gun Mount
| 20.3cm (No.2) Twin Gun Mount
| Zuiun (634 Air Group)
| No. 32 Surface Radar
|-
| Kiso/Kai Ni/1
| Kouhyouteki
| 20.3cm (No.2) Twin Gun Mount
| 20.3cm (No.2) Twin Gun Mount
|-
| hq = 100
| route = A-B-C-D or A-E-F-G
| difficulty = {{Salt}}
| drops = Akizuki/Akashi/Taigei/U-511/Tokitsukaze/Maikaze
| header_bg = #98D2F0
| ship_card_bg = transparent
| equip_icon_bg = #8DCDEE
| equip_bg = #E4F3FB
| equip_locked_bg = #CDDBE2
| extra_cells_bg = #98D2F0
}}