==Basic==
;Description
:This template is used to create a 2-column table of ships.
;Skeleton
<pre>{{NanaminShipInfo
| <Ship>
| <Model>
| <Level>
| <Level Goal>
| <Notes>
|-
| <Ship>/<Model>/<Level>/<Level Goal>/<Notes>
|-
|all=true
|class=Light Cruiser
|remove_headers=true
}}</pre>

==Syntax==
:Entries into the table must follow the order shown in the Skeleton. They may be grouped as liked, with each individual value separated by a / from the others.
:In the case of an empty remodel, <Ship>/<Model> should be used.
:A "|-" line is required after every full entry to trigger processing.

===General fields===
:Ship is the ship's name. For example, "Sendai".
:Model is the ship's remodel. This may be "-", "Kai", "Kai Ni", "A", "Carrier", "Carrier Kai", "Carrier Kai Ni", "zwei" or "drei". The dash indicates a base remodel.
:Level is the current level of the ship.
:Level Goal is the level the ship will be leveled to.
:Notes is all other information that the user wishes to include. This is outputted as-is. Break lines must be supplied as <br /> and not by pressing return.

===Additional Variables===
:You can have "all=true" to have all the ships processed into the same table. This also disables the headers.
:You can have "class=???" where ??? is "Battleship", "Carrier", "Heavy Cruiser", "Light Cruiser", "Submarine" or "Others". It prevents the display of ships other than the class you chose. This does not disable headers automatically.
:You can have "remove_headers=true" to disable headers.

===Notes===
:You cannot have two of the same ship on the same page with this module or there will be a processing conflict.

==Example==
<pre>{{NanaminShipInfo
| Sendai/Kai Ni
| 111
| 150
| Sendai is best.
|-
| Naka/Kai Ni
| 72
| 99
| Idol OP.
|-
| Ro-500
| -
| 88
| -
| Ro 2 cute.
|-
}}</pre>
{{NanaminShipInfo
| Sendai/Kai Ni
| 111
| 150
| Sendai is best.
|-
| Naka/Kai Ni
| 72
| 99
| Idol OP.
|-
| Ro-500/
| 88
|-
| Ro 2 cute.
|-
}}