==Description==
Use this template to create a reference list in small font for an article.  Note that there is no consensus that small font size should always be used for all references; when normal-sized font is more appropriate on an article, use <code><nowiki><references /></nowiki></code> instead.<ref>I am a reference</ref>

==Syntax==
Type <code>{{t|reflist|...}}</code> where you would normally type <code><nowiki><references/></nowiki></code>. If used with no parameters, it will produce a reference list with a single column.

=== Multiple columns ===
Using <code><nowiki>{{reflist|2}}</nowiki></code> will create a two-column reference list, and <code><nowiki>{{reflist|3}}</nowiki></code> will create a three-column list.  Three-column lists are inaccessible to users with smaller/laptop monitors and should be avoided.

Using <code><nowiki>{{reflist|colwidth=30em}}</nowiki></code> will allow the browser to automatically choose the number of columns based on the width of the web browser.  Choose a column width that's appropriate for the average width of the references on the page.

Note: multiple columns currently render properly only in Mozilla Firefox and other Gecko-based browsers and Safari 3, though the feature is included in CSS3 so it should work for a larger number of browsers in the future.

==Sample output==
<code><nowiki>{{reflist}}</nowiki></code> gives...

{{reflist}}

==CSS used==
<pre>
.references-small { font-size: 90%; }
</pre>

==See also==
*[[wikipedia:Template:Reflist|Template:Reflist]] on Wikipedia.

<includeonly>[[Category:General wiki templates|{{PAGENAME}}]]</includeonly><noinclude>[[Category:Template documentation|{{PAGENAME}}]]</noinclude>