Template for [[:Category:Ship gallery pages|ship gallery pages]], e.g., [[U-511/Gallery]]. Generates:
* Regular CG for base and remodel forms (if any), based on [[:Category:Player ship modules|ship data modules]].
* [[Seasonal]] CG and season links, based on <code>seasonals</code> array in [[:Category:Player ship modules|ship data modules]] (or legacy <code>_seasonal = true</code> forms).
* Regular and seasonal card CG in tooltips.
* [[Template:ShiplistCG|Ship gallery infobox]].
* [[:Category:Ship gallery pages]].

==Parameters==
* '''ship''': base ship name to use, defaults to <code><nowiki>{{BASEPAGENAME}}</nowiki></code>, e.g., <code>U-511</code> on <code>[[U-511/Gallery]]</code>. Thus, optional.

==Usage==
<pre>{{Ship/Gallery}}</pre>

==TODO==
1. Update [[:Category:Player ship modules|ship data modules]] to use <code>seasonals</code> array:
<pre>
  seasonals = {
    {
      _name = "<optional, if it's different from base name>",
      _suffix = "<required>",
      _season = "<required, for season links>",
      _season_suffix = "optional, for ===<season> (<season_suffix>)==="
    },
    ...
    ["Alias"] = "/Suffix",
    ...
  },
</pre>
in base modules. See, e.g., [[Module:Shiratsuyu]]. [[Template:ShipDataDocumentation/EditIntro|The usual]] fields are also supported, e.g., <code>_cg_damaged = false</code> if there is no damaged CG. <code>seasonals</code> array is also required for [[Template:ShipPageFooter]] (tabber galleries), as it provides ordering. Multiple seasons can be specified:
<pre>
_season = { "Season", "Another one", { "Some season", "Custom name" }, ... },
</pre>

2. Convert [[:Category:Old ship gallery pages|old pages]] to use this template.

==Tests==
Using [[Module:Collection/ShipsBase]] ship list.
* [[Internals/Gallery Tabber]] for tabber galleries. On the page in JS console:
<pre>
// number of ships (in Module:Collection/ShipsBase)
$('.ship-page-gallery').length

// number of broken links
$('.new').length

// number of ships with broken links
$('.new').closest('.ship-page-gallery').length

// scroll to nth ship with broken links
$('.new').closest('.ship-page-gallery').get(n - 1).scrollIntoView()

// copy a list of all <name>/<suffix> forms with broken links
copy(Array.from(
  new Set(
    $('.new').map((_, e) =>
      `${$(e).closest('.ship-page-gallery').data('name')}/${
        $(e).closest('.ship-page-gallery-tab').closest('.tabbertab').attr('title')
      }`
    ).toArray()
  )
).join('\n'))

// copy a list of all files (cards, battle cards, full CG, regular and seasonal)
copy(
  JSON.stringify(
    $('a.image img').map((_, e) => `File:${$(e).data('image-name')}`).toArray(),
    null, 2
  )
)
</pre>
* [[Internals/Gallery]] for gallery pages.

==How To Add New CG==
# Update [[:Category:Player ship modules|ship data module]], that is, [[#TODO|<code>seasonals</code> array]]: set <code>_suffix</code> and <code>_season</code>, e.g., <code>Yukata</code> and <code>Fall 2017</code>, only set <code>_name</code> if it's different from base name, e.g., <code>Ro-500</code> in <code>[[Module:U-511]]</code>. Set <code>_season_suffix</code>, <code>_cg_damaged</code>, etc., if needed.
# Upload new CG: <code><name> <suffix> Full.png</code>, <code><name> <suffix> Full Damaged.png</code>, <code><name> <suffix> Card.jpg</code>, <code><name> <suffix> Card Damaged.jpg</code> (should be renamed on name/suffix changes).
# If needed, [[Help:Purge|purge]] ship page and gallery page to update galleries (also on name/suffix changes).
# As usual, [[Template:ShipGraphicKai]]/[[Template:SeasonalGallery]]/etc. can be used, e.g., <code><nowiki>{{ShipGraphicKai|<name>/<suffix>}}</nowiki></code> (fix on name/suffix changes).