This template uses ship data modules to construct a ship remodelling table.

==Example==

 <nowiki>{{ShipRemodelListKai
 |Nagato
 |Hiyou/Kai
 |Amagi
 |#
 |Kitakami/Kai Ni
 |Ooyodo/Kai
 |Yuudachi/Kai Ni
 |#
 |Hiryuu
 |Taihou/Kai
 |Fusou/Kai Ni
 |#
 |U-511/Kai
 |Choukai/Kai Ni
 |Tone/Kai Ni
 }}</nowiki>

<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed">
becomes

<div class="mw-collapsible-content">{{ShipRemodelListKai
|Nagato
|Hiyou/Kai
|Amagi
|#
|Kitakami/Kai Ni
|Ooyodo/Kai
|Yuudachi/Kai Ni
|#
|Hiryuu
|Taihou/Kai
|Fusou/Kai Ni
|#
|U-511/Kai
|Choukai/Kai Ni
|Tone/Kai Ni
}}</div>
</div>

==Parameters==

The following sections describe the parameters that can be passed to this template.

===Ships===

The list of ships to be included in that table should be passed in as unnamed parameters, like in the example.
Pass a dash (-) to insert an empty row.
Pass a hash (#) to insert a header row.
Pass an exclamation mark (!) followed by a string key to specify a [[#Custom Rows|custom row]].

====Ship Name Format====

Ships should be passed in as ''ship_name''[/''suffix''].

For example, the basic form of [[Ooyodo]] would be specified as ''Ooyodo'', whereas her Kai form would be specified as ''Ooyodo/Kai''.

===Notes===

You can specify custom notes in the notes column for each ship by passing the parameter ''shipname''_notes.

You can also highlight the notes by passing ''outstanding'' or ''good'' as the parameter ''shipname''_notes_highlight.

===Custom Rows===

You can specify custom rows by passing in an exclamation mark followed by a string key as described in [[#Ships]].

You can then set the properties of that custom row using the following parameters:

====custom_row_''key''_content====

Pass this parameter to set the content of the custom row. You can use wikitext. Be careful with = and |, for they may interfere with template parsing.

====custom_row_''key''_text_align====

Pass this parameter to set the text_align of the custom row. Defaults to "start".

<includeonly>[[Category:Templates that use ship data modules|{{PAGENAME}}]]</includeonly><noinclude>[[Category:Template documentation|{{PAGENAME}}]]</noinclude>