This template uses ship data modules to display the card image for the requested ship.

==Example==
 <nowiki>{{ShipCardKai|U-511}}</nowiki>
 <nowiki>{{ShipCardKai|Akitsushima/|grayscale=true|layers=status_sunk}}</nowiki>
 <nowiki>{{ShipCardKai|Shigure/Kai Ni Valentine|layers=ring ring_glow}}</nowiki>
 <nowiki>{{ShipCardKai|name=Ooyodo|model=Kai}}</nowiki>
 <nowiki>{{ShipCardKai|Taihou/Kai|damaged=true|layers=status_medium_damage}}</nowiki>
 <nowiki>{{ShipCardKai|Taihou/Kai|hd=true}}</nowiki>
 <nowiki>{{ShipCardKai|Taihou/Kai|damaged=true|hd=true}}</nowiki>

becomes

{{ShipCardKai|U-511}}
{{ShipCardKai|Akitsushima/|grayscale=true|layers=status_sunk}}
{{ShipCardKai|Shigure/Kai Ni Valentine|layers=ring ring_glow}}
{{ShipCardKai|name=Ooyodo|model=Kai}}
{{ShipCardKai|Taihou/Kai|damaged=true|layers=status_medium_damage}}

{{ShipCardKai|Taihou/Kai|hd=true}}
{{ShipCardKai|Taihou/Kai|damaged=true|hd=true}}

==Parameters==
The following are the parameters that can be passed.

===[1]===

The ''key'' of the ship, which consists of: The name of the ship, followed by a slash (/), optionally followed by the suffix of the ship.

This method is included as a shortcut and for convenience. ''name'' and ''model'' will take precedence over this.

===name===
The name of the ship, without any suffixes.

===model===
The model of the ship, ie. the suffix. For example, Kai or Kai Ni.

To specify the base model you can omit model or leave model empty.

===damaged===

Boolean. Set to <code>true</code> to show the damaged card. Defaults to <code>false</code>.

===hd===

Boolean. Set to <code>true</code> to use HD (HTML5) assets.

===layers===

A list of strings separated by spaces. Adds the specified layers on top of the card. 

Available layers are:
* <code>status_light_damage</code>
* <code>status_medium_damage</code>
* <code>status_heavy_damage</code>
* <code>status_sunk</code>
* <code>status_repair</code>
* <code>status_expedition</code>
* <code>ring</code>
* <code>ring_glow</code>

===link===

String. If set, the image (and any layer images) becomes a link to the parameter's value. Set to <code>nil</code> to have images to link to themselves (like plain wikitext images). Set to <code>false</code> to force images to be unlinked.

===caption===

String. If set, hovering over the image will show the parameter's value as a tooltip. Will default to the link like normal wikitext image behaviour.

===size===

String. If set, the card is resized to the specified size. Not recommended for use with layers. The format of the string is the same as for normal wikitext images.

===grayscale===

Boolean. Set to <code>true</code> to grayscale the image. Only works in browsers that support the CSS grayscale filter, unprefixed or with <code>-webkit</code> prefix (no IE).

===mode===

String. Changes the mode of the template. The default mode returns a fully formatted image.

Set to <code>source</code> to return the image's filename. All image formatting parameters are ignored in this mode. This mode is intended for use in conjunction with the <code>gallery</code> tag called via the <code>#tag</code> parser function.

<includeonly>[[Category:Templates that use ship data modules|{{PAGENAME}}]]</includeonly><noinclude>[[Category:Template documentation|{{PAGENAME}}]]</noinclude>