This template uses ship data modules to display the graphic for the requested ship.

==Example==

 <nowiki>{{ShipGraphicKai|U-511}}</nowiki>
 <nowiki>{{ShipGraphicKai|Taihou/Kai|damaged=true}}</nowiki>
 <nowiki>{{ShipGraphicKai|Taihou/Kai|hd=true}}</nowiki>
 <nowiki>{{ShipGraphicKai|Taihou/Kai|damaged=true|hd=true}}</nowiki>

becomes

{{ShipGraphicKai|U-511}}
{{ShipGraphicKai|Taihou/Kai|damaged=true}}
{{ShipGraphicKai|Taihou/Kai|hd=true}}
{{ShipGraphicKai|Taihou/Kai|damaged=true|hd=true}}

==Parameters==
The following are the parameters that can be passed.

===[1]===

The ''key'' of the ship, which consists of: The name of the ship, followed by a slash (/), optionally followed by the suffix of the ship.

This method is included as a shortcut and for convenience. ''name'' and ''model'' will take precedence over this.

===name===
The name of the ship, without any suffixes.

===model===
The model of the ship, ie. the suffix. For example, Kai or Kai Ni.

To specify the base model you can omit model or leave model empty.

===damaged===

Boolean. Set to <code>true</code> to show the damaged card. Defaults to <code>false</code>.

===hd===

Boolean. Set to <code>true</code> to use HD (HTML5) assets.

===link===

String. If set, the image (and any layer images) becomes a link to the parameter's value. Set to <code>nil</code> to have images to link to themselves (like plain wikitext images). Set to <code>false</code> to force images to be unlinked.

===caption===

String. If set, hovering over the image will show the parameter's value as a tooltip. Will default to the link like normal wikitext image behaviour.

===size===

String. If set, the card is resized to the specified size. Not recommended for use with layers. The format of the string is the same as for normal wikitext images.

===mode===

String. Changes the mode of the template. The default mode returns a fully formatted image.

Set to <code>source</code> to return the image's filename. All image formatting parameters are ignored in this mode. This mode is intended for use in conjunction with the <code>gallery</code> tag called via the <code>#tag</code> parser function.

<includeonly>[[Category:Templates that use ship data modules|{{PAGENAME}}]]</includeonly><noinclude>[[Category:Template documentation|{{PAGENAME}}]]</noinclude>.