This template uses ship data modules to construct a ship battle card list table. The cards are automatically laid out in rows of 5.

==Example==

 <nowiki>{{ShipBattleCardListKai
 |Nagato
 |Hiyou/Kai
 |Ryuuhou
 |Battleship Ru-Class/Kai Flagship
 |Destroyer Ha-Class/Late Model
 |!custom1
 |Kitakami/Kai Ni
 |Ooyodo/Kai
 |Yuudachi/Kai Ni
 |Light Cruiser Tsu-Class/Elite
 |Heavy Cruiser Ne-Class
 |!custom2
 |Hiryuu
 |Taihou/Kai
 |Fusou/Kai Ni
 |Midway Princess
 |Destroyer Princess
 |!custom3
 |U-511/Kai
 |Choukai/Kai Ni
 |Tone/Kai Ni
 |Submarine So-Class/Elite
 |custom_row_custom1_content = A
 |custom_row_custom2_content = [[Kancolle Wiki]]
 |custom_row_custom3_content = <small>c</small>
 }}</nowiki>

<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed">
becomes

<div class="mw-collapsible-content">{{ShipBattleCardListKai
|Nagato
|Hiyou/Kai
|Ryuuhou
|Battleship Ru-Class/Kai Flagship
|Destroyer Ha-Class/Late Model
|!custom1
|Kitakami/Kai Ni
|Ooyodo/Kai
|Yuudachi/Kai Ni
|Light Cruiser Tsu-Class/Elite
|Heavy Cruiser Ne-Class
|!custom2
|Hiryuu
|Taihou/Kai
|Fusou/Kai Ni
|Midway Princess
|Destroyer Princess
|!custom3
|U-511/Kai
|Choukai/Kai Ni
|Tone/Kai Ni
|Submarine So-Class/Elite
|custom_row_custom1_content = A
|custom_row_custom2_content = [[Kancolle Wiki]]
|custom_row_custom3_content = <small>c</small>
}}
</div>
</div>

==Parameters==

The following sections describe the parameters that can be passed to this template.

===Ships===

The list of ships to be included in that table should be passed in as unnamed parameters, like in the example.
Pass a dash (-) to insert an empty cell.
Pass an exclamation mark (!) followed by a string key to specify a [[#Custom Rows|custom row]].

====Ship Name Format====

Ships should be passed in as ''ship_name''[/''suffix''].

For example, the basic form of [[Ooyodo]] would be specified as ''Ooyodo'', whereas her Kai form would be specified as ''Ooyodo/Kai''.

===Custom Rows===

You can specify custom rows by passing in an exclamation mark followed by a string key as described in [[#Ships]].

You can then set the properties of that custom row using the following parameters:

====custom_row_''key''_content====

Pass this parameter to set the content of the custom row. You can use wikitext. Be careful with = and |, for they may interfere with template parsing.

====custom_row_''key''_text_align====

Pass this parameter to set the text_align of the custom row. Defaults to "start".

<includeonly>[[Category:Templates that use ship data modules|{{PAGENAME}}]]</includeonly><noinclude>[[Category:Template documentation|{{PAGENAME}}]]</noinclude>