=== Usage ===
Use this template to quote other editors comments on talk pages. It can be safely used after colon-indenting as well (see the [[#Indenting]] example below).

=== Parameters ===
;Unnamed (positional) parameters
:<code><nowiki>{{talkquote|text|by}}</nowiki></code>
:*'''text''' ''must'' come before '''by''' (if '''by''' is specified).
;Using named parameters
:<code><nowiki>{{talkquote|text=text|by=by|source=source|ts=ts|diff=diff}}</nowiki></code>
; Explanation of named parameters
:*'''text''': The text being quoted (required).
:*'''by''': The author of the text being quoted (not required).
:*'''source''': The source of the text being quoted (not required). Use instead of ''by'' when source is not individual user.
:*'''diff''': The full URL of the diff showing the change that was made (not required).
:*'''ts''': The timestamp of the text being quoted (not required unless <code>diff</code> is specified).

=== Examples ===
*<code><nowiki>{{talkquote|some random text|Example}}</nowiki></code> gives:
{{talkquote|some random text|Example}}

*<code><nowiki>{{talkquote|more random text|Example|ts=~~~~~}}</nowiki></code> gives:
{{talkquote|more random text|Example|ts=08:52, 21 May 2011 (UTC)}}

*<code><nowiki>{{talkquote|different random text|Example|ts=~~~~~|diff=http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page?diff=139992}}</nowiki></code> gives:
{{talkquote|different random text|Example|ts=08:52, 21 May 2011 (UTC)|diff=http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page?diff=139992}}

==== Indenting ====
* The following wiki-markup:
<pre>
Random paragraph of text. [[User:Example|Example]] ([[User talk:Example|talk]]) 09:20, 21 May 2011 (UTC)
:Opening statement by [[User:User|Some other user]].
:{{talkquote|Quoting an item from random paragraph.}}
:Response to quoted text. [[User:User|Some other user]] ([[User talk:User|talk]]) ~~~~~
</pre>

* Gives the following:
<div style="background-color:#f9f9f9; border:1px dashed #3170ab; padding:3px 10px 3px 10px">
Random paragraph of text. [[User:Example|Example]] ([[User talk:Example|talk]]) 09:20, 21 May 2011 (UTC)
:Opening statement by [[User:User|Some other user]].
:{{talkquote|Quoting an item from random paragraph.}}
:Response to quoted text. [[User:User|Some other user]] ([[User talk:User|talk]]) 09:26, 21 May 2011 (UTC)
</div>