{{EquipmentPage

|en = 
The 12 cm 30-tube rocket launcher is an anti-air weapon designed for use on ships.<br/>A fearsome barrage of 30 Type 4 rockets, aka Rocket Shousandan, will protect friendly ships from incoming enemy bombers. Fully loaded on remodeled Ise and Hyuuga, and breakthrough the fierce attack of enemy carriers.

|notes = 
* Quest [[Quests#B113|B113]] offers this as a choice between three rewards.
* Quest [[Quests#F71|F71]] offers this as a choice between three rewards.
* Quest [[Quests#F72|F72]] offers this as a choice between two rewards.
* Quest [[Quests#F90|F90]] offers this as a choice between three rewards.
* Quest [[Quests#C38|C38]] offers this as a choice between three rewards.
* <font color="red">Quest [[Thread:656446#5A01|5A01]] offers this as a choice between three rewards. Only available during the <abbr title="From 23 April to 13 June 2018">Kancolle 5th Anniversary update</abbr>.</font>
* <font color="red">Quest [[Spring 2018 Mini-Event#Su03|Su03]] offers this as a choice between three rewards. Only available during the <abbr title="From 15 May to 13 June 2018">Spring 2018 Mini-Event</abbr>.</font>
* <font color="red">Quest [[Spring 2018 Mini-Event#Su07|Su07]] offers this as a choice between two rewards. Only available during the <abbr title="From 15 May to 13 June 2018">Spring 2018 Mini-Event</abbr>.</font>
* Buildable as of 2020/02/07.
* Can be equipped in [[Reinforcement Expansion]] slots.
* The name (ロサ弾), "RoSa Shell" is an abbreviated name for "'''Ro'''cket Shou'''sa'''n '''Shell'''". As the name suggest, this is also an incendiary shrapnel shell.
* Despite the description suggesting this fires rocket propelled Type 4 shells, it has no known bonus effect against installation type bosses.
* Increases effectiveness against [[PT Imp Pack]] when equipped on DDs.<sup>''[citation needed]''</sup>

|trivia = 
* This weapon was installed onboard:
** Battleships: [[Ise]] and [[Hyuuga]].
** Carriers: [[Zuikaku]], [[Unryuu]], [[Amagi]], [[Katsuragi]], Shinano, [[Zuihou]], [[Ryuuhou]], [[Chitose]], [[Chiyoda]], [[Junyou]], and Ibuki (Planned).
<nowiki>*</nowiki> It's said that [[Musashi]] had two mounts installed, but no evidence supports this.

|see also = 
* [[wikipedia:ja:十二糎二八連装噴進砲|十二糎二八連装噴進砲 (Japanese Wikipedia)]]
* [http://www.navweaps.com/Weapons/WNJAP_12cm_AA_Rocket.php Japan 12 cm (4.7") AA Rocket (NavWeaps)]

}}