{{Equipment

|en = 
A British designed gun that was domestically produced, this weapon was utilized as secondary guns on Kongou-class and Fusou-class.<br/>From Ise-class and onward, a refined and lightened variant of 14 cm gun was adopted.<br/>Anti-air firing was impossible and during later modernisations these guns either gave their way to anti-air weapons or were taken off for weight reduction.

|notes = 

|trivia = 
The 15.2 cm guns were originally designed by Vickers as secondary weapons for the battlecruiser [[Kongou]], which was built in Britain by Vickers-Armstrong (Barrow). The Japanese version was designed by Engineer Hata Chiyokichi and adopted in 1908. In the Japanese Navy, Vickers built guns were designated as Mark II while those built in Japan were designated as Mark III. The design itself was outstanding at its time, but 15.2 cm shell proved too heavy for Japanese sailors and had inferior firing rate (circa 6 rpm), thus the lighter variant of 14 cm caliber was later designed in-house.

When the Kongou-class was modernized in the 1930s, these guns were removed and reused on the Agano-class light cruisers in new twin mountings. There are also some coastal defense batteries at Guam were also equipped with these weapons.

This type of gun comes in a case mate mounting and would be mounted in an armored room along the side of the ship known as a casemate. Casemates too close to the waterline or too close to the bow of the ship were prone to flooding thus making the gun ineffective.

|see also = 
* [[wikipedia:ja:50口径四十一式15cm砲|50口径四十一式15cm砲 (Japanese Wikipedia)]]
* [http://navweaps.com/Weapons/WNJAP_6-50_t41.php Japan 15 cm/50 (6") 41st Year Type (NavWeaps)]

}}