{{EquipmentPage

|en = 
This is a new class of dual purpose guns developed for a new class of light cruisers.<br/>It was designed for engaging enemy cruisers, but had limited anti-air capabilities. It is the standard equipment of the Agano-class light cruisers.

|notes = 
* '''Buildable''' as of 12 June 2015.

|trivia = 
This equipment is the IJN equivalent of the [[wikipedia:BL_6_inch_Mk_XI_naval_gun|BL 6 inch Mk XI naval gun]] , a.k.a the Vickers "Mark M". It originated on light cruisers and pre-dreadnought battleships in the Royal Navy, until the IJN redesigned them in 1911 as "Mark II". Whereas the Japanese-designed copy (adopted from 1912) was designated as the "Mark III", the performance remained the same, with little improvements to the weapon's range when switched to the twin mounted versions on the Agano-class.

Originally mounted as a [[15.2cm Naval Gun|single cannon]] on Kongou-class Battlecruisers, but were replaced with [[12.7cm Twin High-Angle Mount (Late Model)|12.7 cm Twin AA gun]] after modernization.

Almost all of the Agano-class guns were reused secondary 15.2 cm cannons taken from the Kongou-class and Fusou-class battleships. The main difference is that instead of single mounts, they were redesigned for dual mounts, which enhanced their range and accuracy.

The improved design allowed for 55 degrees of elevation for anti-aircraft fire. However, it was still manually loaded and only allowed a rate of fire of about 6 rounds per minute, which made its utility as an anti-aircraft weapon largely ineffective.

|see also = 
* [[wikipedia:ja:50口径四十一式15cm砲|50口径四十一式15cm砲 (Japanese Wikipedia)]]
* [http://navweaps.com/Weapons/WNJAP_6-50_t41.php 15 cm/50 (6") 41st Year Type (NavWeaps)]

}}