{{Equipment

|en = 
In order to counter the increased threat of enemy air forces, multiple 25 mm triple autocannon mounts were placed in concentrated deployment, creating this hedgehog-like anti-air machine gun. There is an issue with accuracy and the 25 mm machine guns can quickly overheat, but this equipment increases an individual ship's air defense by concentrating anti-air fire.

|notes = 
* Quest [[Quests#B59|B59]] reward.
*Can be equipped in [[Reinforcement Expansion]] slots.
* Enables [[Combat#Anti-Air Cut-In|Anti-Air Cut-In]] on any ships when equipped along with another Anti-Air gun (e.g. [[12cm 30-tube Rocket Launcher]]) and an Air Radar.
* Equipping this on [[Maya|Maya Kai Ni]] along with any High-Angle Gun Mount does not require an Air Radar to trigger [[Combat#Anti-Air Cut-In|Anti-Air Cut-In]], however equipping an Air Radar helps to shoot down more enemy planes.
* Equipping this on [[Kinu|Kinu Kai Ni]] does not require a High-Angle Gun Mount to trigger Anti-Air Cut-In, however equipping a High-Angle Gun Mount helps to shoot down more enemy planes.
* [[Satsuki|Satsuki Kai Ni]] and [[Fumizuki|Fumizuki Kai Ni]] can trigger Anti-Air Cut-In using this by itself.
* Interchangeable with [[Bofors 40mm Quadruple Autocannon Mount]] and [[QF 2-pounder Octuple Pom-pom Gun Mount]] and will trigger the same AACI that requires either guns.

|trivia = 

|see also = 
* [[wikipedia:ja:九六式二十五粍高角機銃|九六式二十五粍高角機銃 (Japanese Wikipedia)]]
* [http://www.navweaps.com/Weapons/WNJAP_25mm-60_mg.php Japan 25 mm/60 (1") Type 96 (NavWeaps)]

}}