{{Equipment

|en = 
A famous high-powered, long range mount, the secret weapon "Type 93 Oxygen Torpedo".<br/>The oxygen torpedo was able to bring certain death with its four tubes as well as being the definitive torpedo mount, using the four twin (Oxygen Torpedo) firing tubes.<br/>As the new main equipment for destroyers and cruisers, it played a major role in night warfare and many other compositions.

|notes = 

|trivia = 
A torpedo developed by the Japanese. It was nicknamed the "Long Lance" and it lived up to its name. While other torpedoes used steam propulsion for their torpedoes, the Japanese came up with the concept of using pure, compressed oxygen to propel their torpedoes. Advantages in oxygen propulsion were no wake, longer range and typically faster speed than the steam propelled ones. These were used to devastating effect during the sea battles of Guadalcanal. With the combination of both speed and damage, these torpedoes were some of the few naval weapons that allowed small ships like destroyers to heavily damage or even sink a battleship.

Although they achieved an unthinkable range of 40 km with their heavy warheads - almost triple that of the 14 km maximum range of the Allied 21 inch Mark 15 torpedoes - using pure, compressed oxygen is so dangerous that some IJN ships were sunk because their oxygen torpedoes exploded. Examples include [[Chikuma]] and [[Choukai]] which both received heavy damage from enemy ships that detonated the oxygen torpedoes in the hold.

|see also = 
* [[wikipedia:ja:酸素魚雷|酸素魚雷 (Japanese Wikipedia)]]

}}