{{Enemy/Header}}
==Quotes==
{{Abyssquote
|Clip1 = {{Audio|file=Abyssal Mediterranean Princess Intro.ogg}}<br>{{Audio|file=Abyssal Mediterranean Princess Broken Form Intro.ogg}}
|開幕前 = ステキ…ヨクキタワァ…。アナタモ…ソノサキノ…ハテガ……<br>……ミタイノォ？…………ゼイタクネェ！

<br/>ステキステキステキ…！オメデトォ！　……デモ…ココデ<br>オワリヨォッ！　ソノサキハネェ……。ナイノォ！(Final Form)
|EN1 = That's nice... You've done well making it here... Do you too want to see what lies at the end of the line?...Such an extravagant desire [for someone of your position]...
<br>How amusing..amusing..amusing!! Congratulations! But this is the end!... What that lies beyond this... is nothingness! (Final Form)
|Clip0 = {{Audio|file=Abyssal Mediterranean Princess Attack.ogg}}<br>{{Audio|file=Abyssal Mediterranean Princess Broken Form Attack.ogg}}
|砲撃 = バカナコタチ…。ソノサキニナニガアルノ!?

<br/>オモテト…ウラ…。　ゼツボウト…キボウ…。フフ…ハハハ…ハハ…　ソウイウコトォ？(Final Form)
|EN0 = Foolish girls... Just what do you expect [out of keeping on fighting]!?

<br>Despair and hope... Like two sides of a coin... Hehe... hahaha.. haha... Is  that what you mean?... (Final Form)
|Clip2 = {{Audio|file=Abyssal Mediterranean Princess Damaged.ogg}}<br>{{Audio|file=Abyssal Mediterranean Princess Broken Form Damaged.ogg}}
|被弾 = ユウキ…キボウ…？　ハハッ…！

<br/>ステキネェ…イイワヨォ。(Final Form)
|EN2 = Courage? Hope? Ahaha...!<br/>

How nice... That's fine... (Final Form)
|Clip3 = {{Audio|file=Abyssal Mediterranean Princess Sunk.ogg}}<br >{{Audio|file=Abyssal Mediterranean Princess Broken Form Sunk.ogg}}
|昼戦終了時 = イタイジャナイ…。スコシダケ…スコシダケサガッテアゲルワ。マダ…オワラナイノ!!

<br/>ウッフフ……。イタイ…イタイワ…。ステキ…ステキステキ…。ソノサキハネェ…ナンニモナイノ…。ナインダカラッ! えっ？コノ手は…あっ…アタタカイ。ナニ？ナツかしい…。アレハ…太陽？マブシイ。…素敵。そうか、ワタシハ…。世界は、素敵なんだ…。そうね、今なら! (Final Sunk Line)
|EN3 = Now that hurts... I'll retreat for just a bit... This... isn't over yet!!

<br/>Haha....It hurts... hurts so much... How nice..nice..nice... Beyond this... exists no ending... No ending for you! Eh? This hand is...  Ah... It's warm. What? It's familiar... Is that... the sun..? It's bright......So wonderful. That's right, I am... The world is wonderful! Yes. If it is now! (Final Sunk Line)
}}

==Character==
* '''[[Glossary#List of Vessels by Japanese Voice Actresses|Seiyuu]]''': [https://www.imenterprise.jp/profile.php?id=100 Moriyama Yurika] (森山由梨佳)

[[Duca degli Abruzzi]]'s Abyssal form. On plenty of occasions she would make questions or statements related to the eventual conclusions that the player's shipgirls aim to achieve (out of fighting her, most possibly), either inquiring them about "the end" that they strive for or intimidating them that such a pleasent end doesn't exist. Due to the vagueness and lack of context of her lines, it is difficult to pinpoint exactly what she means.

==Trivia==

{{Enemy/Footer}}
[[Category:Enemy Vessel]]
[[Category:Bosses]]