==Info==

<div style="display: inline-block;">
===Basic===
{{EnemyShipInfoKai|{{PAGENAME}}/}}</div>
<div style="display: inline-block;">
===Basic II===
{{EnemyShipInfoKai|{{PAGENAME}}/II}}</div>
<div style="display: inline-block;">
===Basic III===
{{EnemyShipInfoKai|{{PAGENAME}}/III}}</div>
<div style="display: inline-block;">
===Damaged===
{{EnemyShipInfoKai|{{PAGENAME}}/Damaged}}</div>
<div style="display: inline-block;">
===Damaged II===
{{EnemyShipInfoKai|{{PAGENAME}}/Damaged II}}</div>
<div style="display: inline-block;">
===Damaged III===
{{EnemyShipInfoKai|{{PAGENAME}}/Damaged III}}</div>
{{EnemyShipCategoriesKai|{{PAGENAME}}/}}

==Quotes==
{{Abyssquote
|Clip1 = {{Audio|file=Abyssal Crane Princss Intro.ogg}}<br>{{Audio|file=Abyssal Crane Princss Broken Form Intro.ogg}}
|開幕前 = ノコノコトキタノ……？　ハッ……。バカ…ネ……。<br>ワザワザ…シズミニ……シズムタメニ…キタンダネ！

<br/>チッ…。シカタナイナァ……。ゼンリョクデ…シズメテアゲルヨ！<br>ウミノソコデ……。クルシミト…カナシミヲ……オモイダセェッ！(Final Form)
|EN1 = You have carelessly come... Ha... How foolish... or perhaps, you've come...to be sunk!<br><br>

Tch... It can't be helped... I will sink you with all my power! In the depths of the sea... recall... your bitterness and sorrow!!! (Final)
|Note1 = Kitanda!
|Clip0 = {{Audio|file=Abyssal Crane Princss Attack.ogg}}<br>{{Audio|file=Abyssal Crane Princss Broken Form Attack.ogg}}
|砲撃 = コレデモクラエェッ！<br><br>
アッハハハハッ！　タノシイナアァ！(Final Form)
|EN0 = Eat this!<br>
Ahahahaha! This is so fun! (Final Form)
|Clip2 = {{Audio|file=Abyssal Crane Princss Damaged.ogg}}<br>{{Audio|file=Abyssal Crane Princss Broken Form Damaged.ogg}}
|被弾 = グアァァァッ！　コ（ン）ノオォッ…！<br><br>
ウミノソコハネ？　ツメタクテ…ヒトリハ…サミシイィィィッ…！(Final Form)
|EN2 = Gyaaaaah!!! You...!!<br><br>
The bottom of the sea... it's cold... being alone is... LOOONEEEELYY!! (Final Form)
|Clip3 = {{Audio|file=Abyssal Crane Princss Sunk.ogg}}<br>{{Audio|file=Abyssal Crane Princss Broken Form Sunk.ogg}}
|昼戦終了時 = コレデカッタツモリ…？ハッ…ジョウダンジャナイッ!　カエレルトオモウナヨ…。カエサナイ…カラ…。
<br><br>フウゥ…。モウ…イイヤ。ヤルダケヤッタカラ…。ソウダ…ワタシハヤルダケヤッタンダ。アノヒ…アノウミデ…エッ…？あなた、あなたは、私？そうか…よしっ！（Final Sunk Line)
|EN3 = Do you think...you've won..? HEH! DON'T JOKE WITH ME! Don't think you can go back... because I won't let you!<br>
Phew... That's enough. I mean... I did what I could have done... That's right... at that day... at that sea... I did what I could have done... Eh? You, you are... me...I see... Alright! (Final Sunk Line)
|Note3 = Engano was truly hard on her. She ran out of planes and was sunk.
}}

==Character==
* '''[[Glossary#List of Vessels by Japanese Voice Actresses|Seiyuu]]''': [http://myanimelist.net/people/8956/Iori_Nomizu Nomizu Iori] (野水伊織)

The Abyssal identity of Zuikaku, obviously shown by her name (containing the kanji 鶴 ''"crane"'' for ''"Zuikaku"'') and her appearance in [[Winter 2018 Event/E-7|the operation]] that alludes to [[wikipedia:Battle of Leyte Gulf#Battle of Cape Engaño (25–26 October 1944)|her historical final battle]]. Also seemingly amalgamated into her being are elements from [[Musashi]] and [[Zuihou]], evident in the turret on her back and the hakama that she wears.
==Trivia==
*[[Winter 2018 Event]] E-7 Final Boss.

{{Enemyshiplist}}
[[Category:Bosses]]
[[Category:Enemy Vessel]]