==Description==
<div class="floatright">{{EquipmentCardKai|Action Report}}</div>
*Initially introduced with the [[Fall 2017 Event]].

本資料の活用により、貴重な戦訓を今後の戦術や装備改修などにフィードバック可能です。<br />
※艦隊司令部の更新には、複数　の戦闘詳報が必要です。

''This document can be used to provide valuable feedback based on combat training for future tactics and equipment modifications among other things.<br>※ Upgrading the [[Fleet Command Facility|fleet headquarters]] requires multiple action reports.''
{{clear}}

==Usage==
===In Kanmusu Remodels===
{{#categorytree:Ships that consume {{{1|{{PAGENAME}}}}} during remodeling|mode=pages}}
<!--
The following remodels require '''one''' copy of this item:
*{{ShipLink|Naganami/Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipLink|Murasame/Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipLink|Musashi/Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipLink|Ise/Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipLink|Shiratsuyu/Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipLink|Yuugumo/Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipLink|Makigumo/Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipLink|Kazagumo/Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipLink|Hyuuga/Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipLink|Kongou/Kai Ni C}}
*{{ShipLink|Akagi/Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipLink|Umikaze/Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipLink|Yuubari/Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipLink|Okinami/Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipLink|Hiei/Kai Ni C}}
*{{ShipLink|Kaga/Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipLink|Akigumo/Kai Ni}}
*{{Yukikaze|Yukikaze Kai Ni}}
-->
{{clear}}

===In [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]]===
<!--{{#categorytree:Equipment that consume {{{1|{{PAGENAME}}}}} during improvement|mode=pages|depth=0}}-->
The following equipment conversions through [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]] require this item:
{|class="wikitable" style="width:100%; text-align: center; vertical-align: middle;"
|-
|style="width:35%" | Base Equipment
|style="width:35%" | Converted Equipment
|style="width:10%" | Copies Required
|style="width:20%" | Notes
|-
|{{EquipmentLink|12.7cm Twin Gun Mount Model C Kai 2}}
|{{EquipmentLink|12.7cm Twin Gun Mount Model D Kai 2}}
|1
|Also requires 1 {{ItemLink|New Model Gun Mount Improvement Material|text=true|image=30px}}.
|-
|{{EquipmentLink|12cm 30-tube Rocket Launcher}}
|{{EquipmentLink|12cm 30-tube Rocket Launcher Kai Ni}}
|1
|
|-
|{{EquipmentLink|41cm Triple Gun Mount Kai}}
|{{EquipmentLink|41cm Triple Gun Mount Kai Ni}}
|1
|Also requires 3 {{ItemLink|New Model Gun Mount Improvement Material|text=true|image=30px}}.
|-
|{{EquipmentLink|41cm Triple Gun Mount Kai}}
|{{EquipmentLink|41cm Twin Gun Mount Kai Ni}}
|1
|Also requires 3 {{ItemLink|New Model Gun Mount Improvement Material|text=true|image=30px}}.
|-
|{{EquipmentLink|Type 2 12cm Mortar Kai}}
|{{EquipmentLink|Type 2 12cm Mortar Kai (Concentrated Deployment)}}
|1
|
|-
|{{EquipmentLink|Type 1 Armor Piercing Shell}}
|{{EquipmentLink|Type 1 Armor Piercing Shell Kai}}
|1
|Also requires 2 {{ItemLink|New Model Gun Mount Improvement Material|text=true|image=30px}}.
|-
|}

===In [[Quests]]===
{{Quest2|Arsenal|filterMatch={{PAGENAME}}|filterGroup=detail_en}}
{{clear}}

==Acquisition==
===From [[Events]]===
Events may reward this item for clearing certain maps on certain difficulties. Previously, this item was rewarded for completing:
*[[Fall 2017 Event]] E-3 on all difficulties (received 2 copies of this item).
*[[Fall 2017 Event]] E-4 on Hard (received 2 copies of this item).
*[[Winter 2018 Event]] E-3 on Easy/Medium/Hard.
*[[Winter 2018 Event]] E-4 on Hard.
*[[Winter 2018 Event]] E-5 on Medium/Hard.
*[[Early Fall 2018 Event]] E-3 on Easy/Medium/Hard.
*[[Winter 2019 Event]] E-1 on Medium/Hard.
*[[Spring 2019 Event]] E-1 on Medium/Hard.
*[[Spring 2019 Event]] E-4 on all difficulties.
*[[Fall 2019 Event]] E-1 on Medium/Hard.
*[[Fall 2019 Event]] E-5 on all difficulties.
This item was also given out during the [[Fall 2017 Event]] as a reward for completing a limited-time quest.

===From [[Quests]]===
{{Quest2|Sortie|Exercise|filterMatch={{PAGENAME}}|filterGroup=reward_other}}
{{clear}}

==See Also==
* [[User:Minhfongboy/Other_Quests|Related quests for obtaining the item/equipment by Minhfongboy]]
[[Category:Special Items]]