==Color of the Sea== <!-- Recommendations: Track trivia should be on [[Anime/Music]]. This should focus on the lyrics & lyrics trivia. Image & media links should be left as links. This is to emphasize the focus on lyrics. An alternative would be to use a gallery, but that may require discussion -->
{{clear}}

===Color of the Sea===
[http://i.imgur.com/bvc1y05.jpg Lyrics Booklet]
{{clear}}

<tabber>English= 

 The morning light is so bright
 Weigh anchor!

 Without any words to say, I listened to the sound of the waves
 As if the meaning of my memories is being tested
 Even in darkness I remember
 I’ll move on, just watch me

 So repeatedly, we won't regret to them
 That’s how I thought

 ‘Admiration’ ‘Embarking’ ‘Future’
 ‘Despair’ ‘Loss’ ‘Separation’
 Escape the sea of endless sadness

 And even if the entire world drowns in the color of the sea
 I’m sure I’ll hear your voice
 “It’ll be fine” “Let’s go home”

 And even if the entire world stands against us
 I’ll still look straight ahead with you
 All my hopes gathered into an attack
 And burst forth

 She was splendid like our flagship
 But it's all in the past
 She never gave up hope even till the end
 Only the sea knows, that's why

 I won’t forget, even if it’s sealed away behind locked doors
 I’ll break them open
 Just watch me

 So foolish, don't repeat the tragedy
 I won’t be tied down by those words

 ‘A glimmer’ ‘The blue sky’ ‘Hope’
 ‘Failure’ ‘The sea bed’ ‘Rest’
 Escape the sea of endless tears

 And even if my entire being disappears into the past
 I’m sure we’ll always stand together
 Even if it’ll “all change someday”

 And even if my entire being was nothing more than an illusion
 Even then this miracle of a world we lived in
 Gathers into an attack filled with prayers and cries out

 Even if the world fades into the color of the sea
 I won’t forget you

 Even if the world drowns in the color of the sea
 I’ll search for you

 “It’ll be fine” “Let’s go home” you say, but...
 “Don’t worry” “We can change” but right now...
 “We're moving ahead” “We can do this” but still...
 "All of it is a lie" "It ends with this" That’s wrong!

 Even now if everything I know drowns in the color of the sea
 I sink even deeper

 And all of my memories fade into the color of the sea
 And disappear into the light

 And even if the entire world drowns in the color of the sea
 I’m sure I’ll hear your voice
 “It’ll be fine” “Let’s go home”

 And as long as you’ll come back someday
 Yes, I will keep on going
 In the end, this wish of mine
 Escapes the sea and sails towards the future, weigh anchor!

{{clear}}

|-|Romaji=
 Asa no hikari mabushikute 
 Weigh anchor!

 Kotoba mo nakute
 Tada nami no oto kiiteta
 Kioku no imi tamesareteiru mitai ni

 Yami no naka demo omoidasu
 Mae ni susumu no
 Miteite yo

 So repeatedly, we won't regret to them
 Sonna fuu ni mo kangaeteita no

 ‘Akogare’ ‘Batsubyou’ ‘Mirai’
 ‘Zetsubou’ ‘Soushitsu’ ‘Betsuri’
 Ikutsumo no kanashimi to umi wo koe

 Tatoe―――

 Sekai no subete ga miiro ni toketemo kitto 
 Anata no koe ga suru
 “Daijoubu” “Kaerou” tte
 Demo

 Sekai ga subete hanten shiteiru no nara
 Sore demo anata to 
 Massugu ni mae wo miteite
 Ima negai kometa ichigeki hazeta

 She was splendid like our flagship
 But it's all in the past
 She never gave up hope even till the end
 Only the sea knows dakara

 Nuritsubusaretemo wasurenai
 Koji akeru no 
 Miteite yo

 So foolish, don't repeat the tragedy
 Sonna kotoba ni sugari wa shinai

 ‘Kirameki’ ‘Aozora’ ‘Kibou’
 ‘Haiboku’ ‘Minasoko’ ‘Nemuri’
  Ikutsumo no namida no umi wo koe

 Tatoe―――

 Watashi no subete ga kakkou ni kietemo zutto 
 Kitto tomo ni aru tte
 Itsu no hi ka kawareru tte
 Demo

 Watashi ga subete maboroshi da to shitara sou
 Sore demo anata to 
 Kiseki no you kono toki ni
 Ima inori kometa ichi geki hibike

 Sekai no subete ga miiro ni kietemo
 Anata wo wasurenai

 Sekai no subete ga miiro ni toketemo
 Watashi ga sagashi dasu
 
 “Daijoubu” ”Kaerou” tte demo
 “Daijoubu” “Kawareru” tte ima
 “Susumu no yo” “Yareru” tte mada
 Zenbu sou, kore de owari chigau!

 Ima―――
 Watashi no subete ga miiro ni toketemo
 Fukami he ochite yuku
 Soshite

 Kioku no subete ga miiro ni natte
 Hikari ni kiete yuku

 Tatoe sekai no subete ga miiro ni toketemo kitto 
 Anata no koe ga suru
 “Daijoubu” “Kaerou” tte
 Demo

 Taisetsu na anata ga umarete kuru nara
 Sou watashi wa aruki daseru
 Saigo ni nee kono negai
 Ima nori koe mirai he to Weigh anchor!
{{clear}}

|-|Japanese=
 朝の光　眩しくて
 Weigh Anchor!

 言葉もなくて
 ただ波の音　聞いてた
 記憶の意味　試されている　みたいに

 闇の中でも思い出す
 前に進むの
 見ていてよ

 So repeatedly, we won't regret to them
 そんな風にも考えていたの

 憧れ　抜錨　未来
 絶望　喪失　別離
 幾つもの哀しみと海を越え

 たとえ―――

 世界のすべてが海色に溶けても　きっと　
 あなたの声がする
 大丈夫　還ろうって
 でも

 世界がすべて反転しているのなら
 それでもあなたと
 真っ直ぐに 前を見てて
 今　願い込めた一撃 爆ぜた

 She was splendid like our flagship
 But it's all in the past
 She never gave up the hope even till the end
 Only the sea knows　だから

 塗り潰されても忘れない
 こじ開けるの
 見ていてよ

 So foolish, don't repeat the tragedy
 そんな言葉にすがりはしない

 煌めき　青空　希望
 敗北　水底　眠り
 幾つもの涙の海を超え

 たとえ―――　

 私の全てが過去に消えても　ずっと　
 きっと　共にあるって
 いつの日か　変われるって
 でも

 私が全て幻だとしたら　そう
 それでもあなたと
 奇跡のよう　この時代に
 今　祈り込めた一撃　響け

 世界の全てが海色に消えても
 あなたを忘れない

 世界の全てが海色に溶けても
 私が探し出す

 大丈夫　還ろうって　でも
 大丈夫　変われるって　今
 進むのよ　やれるって　まだ
 全部嘘、これで終わり　違う

 今　私のすべてが海色に溶けても
 深みへ落ちていく
 そして　記憶のすべてが海色になって
 光に消えて行く

 たとえ―――　

 世界の全てが海色に溶けても　きっと　
 あなたの声がする
 大丈夫　還ろうって
 でも

 大切なあなたが生まれてくるなら　そう　
 私は歩き出せる
 最後にね この願い
 今乗り越え　未来へと　Weigh anchor!
{{clear}}
</tabber>


===Just Moving On Now===
[http://i.imgur.com/bvc1y05.jpg Lyrics Booklet]
{{clear}}

<tabber>English=
 In this world freezing over the white snow dances down
 Trying not to freeze this heart beats hotter and I move on now

 I reach out for the light and grasp nothing but air
 Unable to escape from the tears of my memory I avert my eyes and say farewell to those days

 Without fear of the pain it will give me I receive the winds and believe until I can hold it 
 in these hands

 Heading boundless to tomorrow, the gazes that continuously face me
 Live without disappearing, the pride called ‘self’
 Instead of exceeding that place with armor made of excuses
 Throw it all away; let the burning emotions overflow and move on

 The gathering snow, a hidden dream, the unmoving bystanders
 I listen hard for the faint voices and embrace these feelings

 If I can get through this lonely night where fear assaults me I think I can make it to 
 that place

 I sprint without hesitation through the ‘present’ that starts to move
 Leave my hurting for later and run towards the tomorrow called ‘self’
 In this world freezing over the white snow dances down
 Trying not to freeze this heart beats hotter and I move on now

 Heading boundless to tomorrow, the gazes that continuously face me
 Live without disappearing, the ‘self’ called…
 I sprint without hesitation through the ‘present’ that starts to move

 Leave my hurting for later and run towards the tomorrow called ‘self’
 In this world freezing over the white snow dances down
 Trying not to freeze this heart beats hotter and I move on now
{{clear}}


|-|Romaji=
 Kokoe yuku kono sekai shiroi yuki ga mau
 Tokasu you ni atsuki kono kodou ga Oh, Just Moving On Now

 Setsuna no hikari te wo nobashite kuu wo kitta namida no kioku kara
 Nuke dasenu mama me wo sorashita sono hibi ni sayonara wo tsugeta

 Kizu ato ga fueru koto osorezu kaze wo ukete tada shinji nagara kono te de tsukamu made

 Kagiri naki asu e to nando demo mukau manazashi wa
 Kieru koto naku ikiru jibun toiu na no hokori
 Mi ni matou ii wake de sono ba shinogu yori
 Nugi sutete tagiru omoi hanachi Oh, Just Moving On Now

 Furi tsumori yuki kakushita yume boukansha wa tachi tsukushita ne
 Kasukana koe ni mimi tsumashite kono omoi tsuyoku dakishimeta

 Fuan ga osou hitori no yoru wo koete yuke ba tadori tsuku darou egaita ano basho e

 Ugoku dashita 'ima' wo tsuki susume mayou wa nai
 Kuyamu koto ato ni shite jibun toiu na no asu e
 Kokoe yuku kono sekai shiroi yuki ga mau
 Tokasu you ni atsuki kono kodou ga Oh, Just Moving On Now

 Kagiri naki asu e to nando demo mukau manazashi wa
 Kieru koto naku ikiru jibun toiu na no...
 Ugoku dashita 'ima' wo tsuki susume mayou wa nai

 Kuyamu koto ato ni shite jibun toiu na no asu e
 Kokoe yuku kono sekai shiroi yuki ga mau
 Tokasu you ni atsuki kono kodou ga Oh, Just Moving On Now
{{clear}}


|-|Japanese=

 涷えゆくこの世界　白い雪が舞う
 溶かすように　熱きこの鼓動が　Oh, Just Moving On Now

 刹那のヒカリ　手を伸ばして　空を切った　涙の記憶から
 抜け出せぬまま　目を逸らした　その日々に　サヨナラを告げた

 傷跡がふえること怖れず　風を受けて　ただ信じながらこの手で掴むまで

 限りなき明日へと　何度でも向かう眼差しは
 消えることなく生きる　自分という名の誇り
 身に纏う言い訳で　その場凌ぐより
 脱ぎ捨てて　滾る想い放ち　Oh, Just Moving On Now

 降り積もる雪　隠した夢　傍観者は　立ち尽くしていたね
 微かな声に耳澄まして　この想いを　強く抱きしめた

 不安が襲うヒトリの夜を　超えてゆけば　辿り着くだろう描いたあの場所へ

 動き出した「今」を　突き進め迷うはない
 悔やむこと後にして　自分という名の明日へ
 涷えゆくこの世界　白い雪が舞う
 溶かすように　熱きこの鼓動が　Oh, Just Moving On Now

 限りなき明日へと　何度でも向かう眼差しは
 消えることなく生きる　自分という名の...
 動き出した「今」を　突き進め迷うことはない

 悔やむこと後にして　自分という名の明日へ
 涷えゆくこの世界　白い雪が舞う
 溶かすように　熱きこの鼓動が　Oh, Just Moving On Now
{{clear}}
</tabber>


==Fubuki==
{{clear}}

===Fubuki===
[http://i.imgur.com/H6rxbQt.jpg Lyrics Booklet]
* The ship names are used as their namesake meanings.
** [[Fubuki]] ; ''snowstorm'' or ''blizzard''
** [[Shirayuki]] ; ''white snow''
** [[Hatsuyuki]] ; ''first snow''
** [[Miyuki]] ; ''deep snow''
** [[Murakumo]] ; ''gathering clouds''
** [[Isonami]] ; ''breaking waves''
*** The [[:Category:Fubuki Class|''Fubuki''-class]] in whole
{{clear}}


<tabber>English= 

 Let them reach, let them reach, let these feelings reach
 Yes, “That day” “Your smile” “My wishes” all of them
 Let them reach you and a peaceful time

 The blue of the ocean expands
 Beyond the red brick walls

 Over the glowing '''''breaking waves '''''
 The sky full of '''''gathering clouds''''' shines bright

 Even if I choose my words and avert my gaze
 Your smile and the ‘tomorrow’ that I can’t see

 Are so white, so white, like a '''''blizzard'''''
 Yes, I've known these feelings since even before we met 
 And now they’re even stronger than ever

 Stronger and stronger, my wishes get stronger
 I’ll clasp that hand and feel ‘tomorrow’
 Let them reach a peaceful future we believe in!

 The sun falls past the horizon
 And the sunset bathes you in light

 If it could always stay this way
 Wouldn't it be great, I think

 But I’m sure that’s wrong
 Do I have to go?
 I take a deep breath 
 And dive into the splashing waves!

 With you, with you, I want to sing with you
 “These battles surely 
 aren't everything,” I say
 And try not to lose sight of the way home

 Hear them, hear them, hear the cries
 Join these hands and we’ll go home tomorrow
 I’m sure, to the place of our memories

 Now in the storms of time
 The tears of the dancing petals
 Blow through the headwind, tonight the petals form a '''''blizzard'''''

 Gather and gather, like the '''''white snow'''''
 Just like a kind time that remains unseen

 I'm sure, I'm sure, like the '''''first snow''''' of the year
 I won’t forget, that one moment―――

 Is deeper and deeper with the depth of the '''''deepest snow'''''
 Yes, I've known these wounds since even before we began
 Now they’re even deeper than ever

 Stronger and stronger, weave together these feelings
 I’ll clasp that hand and feel ‘tomorrow’ 
 I’m sure they will reach a quiet, peaceful ocean
 Let them reach you
{{clear}}


|-|Romaji=
 Todoke, todoke, omoi yo todoke
 Sou 'ano hi' 'egao' 'watashi no negai' subete
 Kimi to yasashii jikan e to 
 Todoke

 Umi no ao hirogaru 
 Akarenga sono mukou ni 
 Nee

 Hikaru '''''Isonami''''' koe 
 '''''Murakumo''''' no sora mabushii 
 Aa

 Kotoba erande 
 Hitomi fusetemo
 Mienai ashita mo 
 Kimi no egao mo

 Shiroku shiroku '''''Fubuki''''' no you na
 Sou deau mae kara wakatteta kono omoi
 Ima nara motto zutto tsuyoku

 Tsuyoku tsuyoku negai wa tsuyoku
 Tsunagu yo sono te wo kanjite ashita wo
 Shinjiru yasashii mirai e to 
 Todoke

 Suiheisen hi ga ochite
 Yuuyake kimi wo someru 
 Nee

 Zutto kono mama nante
 Ii janai omou dake nara
 Kedo

 Kitto chigau no ikanakya dame nano
 Kokyuu soroetara
 Shibuki no naka e

 Kimi to kimi to utatteitai
 Ikusa no hi sore wa 
 Kitto subete de nakute
 Kaerimichi miushinawanu you

 Kiite kiite sono koe kiite
 Tsunaide kono te wo 
 Kaeru yo ashita ni
 Kitto natsukashii ano basho e

 Toki no arashi no naka de ima
 Mai chiru hana no namida
 Mukai kaze

 Koyoi hana '''''Fubuki'''''

 Tsumoru tsumoru '''''Shirayuki''''' mitai ni
 Yasashiku suki tooru jikan no you na

 Kitto kitto '''''Hatsuyuki''''' mitai ni
 Wasurenai yo isshunwo

 Fukaku fukaku '''''Miyuki''''' no you na
 Sou hajimaru mae ni shitteita kono itami
 Ima nara motto zutto fukaku

 Tsuyoku tsuyoku omoi tsumuide
 Tsunagu sono te wo
 Kanjite ashita wo
 Shizukana yasashii umi e kitto todoke
 Kimi e to todoke
{{clear}}


|-|Japanese=
 届け　届け　想いよ　届け 
 そう　あの日　笑顔　　私の願い　全て
 君と優しい時間へと
 届け

 海の青　広がる 
 赤煉瓦　その向こうに　
 ねえ

 光る'''磯波'''越え　
 '''叢雲'''の空眩し　
 あ>

 言葉選んで
 瞳伏せても 
 見えない　明日も
 君の笑顔も!

 白く　白く　'''吹雪'''のような
 そう出逢う前から解ってた　この想い
 今なら　もっとずっと　強く 

 強く　強く　願いは強く 
 繋ぐよ　その手を　
 感じて　明日を 
 信じる優しい未来へと　届け﻿

 水平線　陽が落ちて
 夕焼け　君を染める
 ねえ

 ずっとこのまま　なんて
 いいじゃない　想うだけなら　
 けど

 きっと違うの　
 行かなきゃ だめなの?
 呼吸　揃えたら　
 飛沫の中へ!

 君と　君と　唄っていたい
 戦の日　それは
 きっと全てでなくて
 帰り道見失わぬよう

 聴いて　聴いて　その声聴いて
 繋いで　この手を　
 帰るよ　明日に
 きっと懐かしい　あの場所へ

 時の嵐の中で今
 舞い散る花の涙

 向かい風　今宵　花'''吹雪'''

 積る　積る　'''白雪'''みたいに
 優しく　透きとおる　時間のような	

 きっと　きっと　'''初雪'''みたいに
 忘れないよ　一瞬を---

 深く　深く　'''深雪'''のような
 そう　始まる前に知っていた　この痛み
 今なら　もっとずっと　深く

 強く　強く　想い紡いで
 繋ぐよその手を
 感じて明日を 
 静かな優しい海へきっと 届け﻿
 君へと　届け
{{clear}}
</tabber>


===Meaning===
[http://i.imgur.com/H6rxbQt.jpg Lyrics Booklet]
{{clear}}

<tabber>English=
 
 I know you know　What's the meaning?
 I know you know　What's the meaning of tears?

 I head to the never ending future and embrace my fears
 With tears overflowing I alone
 Talk to the night sky and hear my true voice
 And the night was dark

 Someone will always smile and make this weakness of mine disappear

 No matter how harsh the tomorrow waiting for me might be
 I'll believe in what is in this heart of mine
 As long as there is kindness in the words you gave me
 Then I have no limits

 I know you know　What's the meaning?
 I know you know　What's the meaning of tears?

 If you're always looking behind you have to move forward
 I wave farewell to yesterday and turn away
 The soft wind embraces me
 What I saw wasn't only a land of ideals

 There are times where I lose myself, but I never want to give in

 So no matter how much this body of mine is wounded 
 As long as I don't run away, within that hand should be a great hope
 And if the truth disappears from this world
 Then I will stop thinking and charge forward

 Each time the tears start to fall
 I will become stronger, the light shining down
 No matter what happens beyond that sky
 I will exceed this trembling night and believe in myself

 No matter how harsh the tomorrow waiting for me might be
 I'll believe in what is in this heart of mine
 As long as there is kindness in the words you gave me
 Then I have no limits
{{clear}}


|-|Romaji=

 I know You know　What's the meaning?
 I know You know　What's the meaning of tears?

 Doko made mo tsudzuku mirai e　fuan daite
 Afureru namida de nijinda yozora ni
 Hitori de katarikake nagara hontou no koe ni
 Kidzuita fukai yoru

 Itsumo dareka no kao ga unkande kono yowasa wo keshite iku

 Donna tsurai asu ga watashi wo matteite mo
 Shinjiteru kono mune no naka ni aru mono
 Daiji na hito ga kureta kotoba no naka ni
 Yasashisa ga aru kagiri doko made mo

 I know You know　What's the meaning?
 I know You know　What's the meaning of tears?

 Furi muite bakari iru nara susumenai to
 Kidzuita kinou ni te wo furi se wo muke
 Yawaraka na kaze ni dakarete mitsumeteita no wa
 Risou dake janai yo

 Mayou toki mo aru kedo itsudemo akirametaku wa nai kara

 Donna ni karada kizuitemo nigena kereba
 Sono te ni wa ooki na kibou ga aru hazu
 Seikai nante doko ni mo nai no nara ba
 Kangaeru koto yamete suki susume

 Namida no tsubu kobore ochiru tabi
 Tsuyoku naru hakari ga sasu
 Ano sora no mukou nani ga okottemo
 Furueteru yoru wo koete Believe in myself

 Donna tsurai asu ga watashi wo matteitemo
 Shinjiteru kono mune no naka ni aru mono
 Daiji na hito ga kureta kotoba no naka ni
 Yasashisa ga aru kagiri doko made mo
{{clear}}


|-|Japanese=
 
 I know You know　What's the meaning?
 I know You know　What's the meaning of tears?

 どこまでも続く未来へ　不安抱いて
 溢れる涙で滲んだ夜空に
 ひとりで語りかけながら　本当の声に
 気づいた深い夜

 いつも誰かの顔が　浮かんでこの弱さを消して行く

 どんな辛い明日が私を待っていても
 信じてる　この胸の中にあるもの
 大事な人がくれた言葉の中に
 優しさがある限りどこまでも

 I know You know　What's the meaning?
 I know You know　What's the meaning of tears?

 振り向いてばかりいるなら　進めないと
 気づいた昨日に手を振り背を向け
 柔らかな風に抱かれて　見つめていたのは
 理想だけじゃないよ

 迷うときもあるけど　いつでも諦めたくはないから

 どんなに身体傷ついても逃げなければ
 その手には　大きな希望があるはず
 正解なんてどこにもないのならば
 考えることやめて突き進め

 涙の粒が　零れ落ちる度
 強くなる　光りが射す
 あの空の向こう　何が起こっても
 震えてる夜を越えて　Believe in myself

 どんな辛い明日がわたしを待っていても
 信じてる この胸の中にあるもの
 大事な人がくれた言葉の中に
 優しさがある限りどこまでも
{{clear}}
</tabber>


==Character Songs -Kanmusu Songs- Volume 1==
''<s>* All lyrics are roughly transcribed & translated trailer versions, so don't expect them to be right.</s>''<s><br>''* 外国人が二時間ぐらいで書いた歌詞です。おそらく正しくではありませんのでご注意ください。''</s>
* ''In the process of translating the full version of each song. Please wait patiently. -Admiral Moriyama''
* ''今フール版は翻訳中なので、お待ちしてください。　森山司令官より''


===Straight Ahead! ''Kongou''-class Four Sisters===
{{clear}}

<tabber>English= 

 The top speed four sisters
 Watch what we can do
 I’m sure we’ll be okay
 Check, one, two, is the mic good to go?
 Follow me! Waiting for you! Wow!

 No matter how much I sail the seas of hearts
 Yeah yeah yeah yeah!
 My shell of love can’t reach you, admiral
 Type 3 shell! Type 3 shell!
 Please save me, fairy of the compass
 Wow, congratulation!

 Wow wow wow wow
 Let's fire! Fire
 Coming at you in full force
 I can’t wait for it
 Wow wow wow wow
 Speed and firepower
 Aim with all our might and hit!
 All cannons, burning love!!

 Follow after me, please!
 I'm ready to go!
 So inspired! What a waste!
 If I equip myself, there is nothing to regret
 Today is another sunny day!

 No matter how many plates of love curry I make
 Yeah yeah yeah yeah!
 The medal of love doesn't reach me
 Armor piercing shell! Armor piercing shell!
 Please bestow upon me an incredible plan
 Our battle results have gone up!

 wow wow wow wow
 Shoot forth!　Fire
 We will not lose
 Please look at us!
 wow wow wow wow
 You admiral and I
 We'll go together with all our might!
 All cannons,　burning love!!

 Hey!
 Good!
 Yes!
 Hiee!

 Wow wow wow wow
 Let's fire! Fire
 Coming at you in full force
 I can’t wait for it
 Wow wow wow wow
 Speed and firepower
 Aim with all our might and reach you!
 All cannons, burning love!!
{{clear}}

|-|Romaji=
 Kousoku no yonshimai 
 Katsuyaku wo mite yo ne 
 Kitto daijoubu desu 
 Chekku wan tsu maiku wa OK
 Follow me! Waiting for you! wow!

 Hatto no kaiiki, dore dake megutte mo
 Hai Hai Hai! Hai!
 Koi no dangan, teitoku (anata) ni todokanai
 Sanshikidan! Sanshikidan!
 Onegai, tasukete rashinban no yousei-san
 Wow Congratulations!

 wow wow wow wow
 uchimasu!　Fire
 zenryoku de mairimasu
 ude ga narimasu ne
 wow wow wow wow
 sokudo to karyoku
 kiai de neratte atatte!
 zenhoumon　Burning Love!!

 tsuite kite kudasai nee!
 junbin wa dekitemasu!
 kangeki! mottainai desu!
 tonae areba uinashi desu ne
 kyou mo ii tenki nee!

 aijou karee wo donna ni tsukuttemo
 hai hai hai hai!
 koi no kunshou, watashi ni todokanai
 tekkoudan! tekkoudan!
 onegai sazukete, hissatsu no sakusen wo
 senka Result ga agatta yoo!

 wow wow wow wow
 tsotsugeki!　Fire〜
 watashitachi makemasen
 mitete kudasai ne!
 wow wow wow wow
 teitoku (anata) to watashi
 isshou ni kiai de iku no yo!
 senhoumon　Burning Love!!

 He―y！
 yoshi！
 hai！
 hiee！

 wow wow wow wow
 uchimasu! Fire〜
 zenryoku de mairimasu
 ude ga narimasu ne
 wow wow wow wow
 sokudo to karyoku
 kiai de neratte todoite!
 zenhoumon　Burning Love!!
{{clear}}


|-|Japanese=
 高速の　四姉妹
 活躍を　見てよね
 きっと　大丈夫です
 チェックワンツー　マイクはOK？
 Follow me！　Waiting for you！wow！

 ハートの海域、どれだけ巡っても
 ハイハイハイハイ！
 恋の弾丸、提督(あなた)に届かない
 三式弾！　三式弾！
 お願い助けて、羅針盤の妖精さん
 Wow Congratulations！

 wow wow wow wow
 撃ちます！　Fire
 全力で参ります
 腕が鳴りますね
 wow wow wow wow
 速度と火力
 気合いで　狙って　当たって！
 全砲門　Burning Love！！

 ついて来て下さいネー！
 準備は　出来てます！
 感激！　もったいないです！
 備えあれば　憂いなしですね
 今日も　イイ天気ネー！

 愛情カレーを、どんなに作っても
 ハイハイハイハイ！
 恋の勲章、私に　届かない
 徹甲弾！　徹甲弾！
 お願い授けて、必殺の作戦を
 戦果Resultがあがったヨー！

 wow wow wow wow
 突撃！　Fire〜
 私たち負けません
 見ててくださいネ！
 wow wow wow wow
 提督(あなた)と私
 一緒に　気合いで　往くのよ！
 全砲門　Burning Love！！

 He―y！
 よしッ！
 はい！
 ひぇ〜！

 wow wow wow wow
 撃ちます！　Fire〜
 全力で参ります
 腕が鳴りますね
 wow wow wow wow
 速度と火力
 気合いで　狙って　届いて！
 全砲門　Burning Love！！
{{clear}}
</tabber>


===The Endlessly Echoing Khorosho===
{{clear}}

<tabber>English=
 Wonderful.

 I reached out with this small hand
 Not knowing what I could do
 Having lost sight of it so many times
 I finally found it, the place I belong

 I turn around and notice
 The friends I was always with
 And the smiles shining like the sun
 Were right behind me, how wonderful

 I always want to protect you
 Until this body of mine perishes, until that time
 Even if we’ve been separated
 My heart stands by you

 Each of these steps
 Continuously overlap to eternity
 I can live on all alone but
 I will live in this time together with you
{{clear}}


|-|Romaji=
{{clear}}


|-|Japanese=

 ハラショー

 差し出したこの小さな手で
 何ができるのかわからないままで
 何度でも見失いながら
 やっと見つかった私の場所

 振り返ると気づくんだ
 いつも一緒の仲間と
 眩しい太陽のような
 笑顔がそこにあった　ハラショー

 いつもあなたを見守っていたい
 この身朽ち果てるその時まで
 離ればなれになったとしても
 私の心は共にある

 踏み出したこの一歩一歩が
 重なり続けて永遠につなぐ
 一人でも生きて行けるけど
 今はこの時間共に生きる
{{clear}}
</tabber>


===First Love! Torpedo Squadron===
{{clear}}

<tabber>English= 

 1, 2, 3 Go!
 Kancolle! Kancolle! Kancolle!
 Oh oh oh oh
 Kancolle! Kancolle! Kancolle!
 Oh oh oh oh
 
 Torpedoes, torpedoes, torpedoes again today
 Firing them over and over, obviously I'd get better
 That’s why even a little is fine
 I just want something that that'll make my heart race

 Wah-ooh-wah-ooh-wah-ooh-wah

 It's a little selfish, but don't scrap me straight away, 'kay (Wah-wah-wah-wah)
 I always want to be with you
 Hey, hello! (Huh?) Are you listening? (Huh?)
 Hey, hey, admiral!

 Bang bang bang! With my cannon of love
 Bang bang bang! I’ll knock your heart out
 Bang bang bang! I’m gonna launch my torpedo of passion
 
 Bang bang bang! Preparations OK
 Bang bang bang! It’s time to sortie
 I’ll sink you for sure!

 Oh oh oh oh
 Kancolle! (Yeah!) Kancolle! (Yeah!) Kancolle! (Yeah!)
 Oh oh oh oh （Yeah yeah yeah yeah!）
 Kancolle! (Yeah!) Kancolle! (Yeah!) Kancolle! (Yeah!)
 Oh oh oh oh （Yeah yeah yeah yeah!）

 If I just come and go to the same place
 Over and over again, of course I wouldn't like it
 But, it's kind of strange
 It feels a bit good, that it might become a habit

 Wah-ooh-wah-ooh-wah-ooh-wah

 It's fine if I'm a ditz, right? Don't leave me behind (Wah-wah-wah-wah)
 I want to become the flagship
 A bit more (Oh?) What is it? (Yeah...)
 Really, really, admiral!

 Bang bang bang! With my cannon of love
 Bang bang bang! I'll aim at your heart
 Bang bang bang! This torpedo of oxygen has been fired!

 Bang bang bang! Preparations OK
 Bang bang bang! It's time to sortie
 Top performance on mission? It's a piece of cake

 Okay, let's do it, everyone. Let's go!

 Kanco kanco Kanco Kancolle, go!
 (Kanco kanco Kanco Kancolle, go!)
 Kanco kanco Kanco Kancolle, go!
 (Kanco kanco Kanco Kancolle, go!)
 Kan Kan Kan Cococolle, now!
 (Kan Kan Kan Cococolle, now!)
 Kanco kanco kan kan kanco Kancolle, did it!
 (Kanco kanco kan kan kanco Kancolle, did it!)
 Yaaaay！

 Can you please be at my side when I've received medium damage?
 I really want you to see me
 Hey, hello? (Eh?) Are you listening? (Hm?)
 Come on, admiral! Are you kidding me? Admiral!!

 1, 2, 3 Go!
 Bang bang bang! With this torpedo of love
 Bang bang bang! I’ll knock your heart out
 Bang bang bang! Don't stop this passionate engine

 Bang bang bang! Preparations OK
 Bang bang bang! It's time to sortie
 I’ll sink you for sure!

 Oh oh oh oh
 Kancolle! (Yeah!) Kancolle! (Yeah!) Kancolle! (Yeah!)
 Oh oh oh oh （Yeah yeah yeah yeah!）
 Kancolle! (Yeah!) Kancolle! (Yeah!) Kancolle! (Yeah!)
 Oh oh oh oh 
{{clear}}


|-|Romaji=
{{clear}}


|-|Japanese=

 1,2,3 はいっ！
 艦これ！ 艦これ！ 艦これ！
 Oh oh oh oh
 艦これ！ 艦これ！ 艦これ！
 Oh oh oh oh

 雷撃雷撃 今日も雷撃
 繰り返してちゃ そりゃ 上達もします
 だからちょっとでいいんです
 何かドキッとする刺激が欲しいんです

 わーおーわーおーわーおーわー

 生意気だけど すぐに 解体しないでね (わーわーわーわー)
 ずっと一緒にいたいよ 
 ねぇちょっと（え？）聞いてる？（え？）
 ねぇねぇ、提督！

 BANG!BANG!BANG!恋の主砲で
 BANG!BANG!BANG!撃ち抜くハート
 BANG!BANG!BANG!情熱の魚雷、発射しちゃうよ

 BANG!BANG!BANG!準備はOK
 BANG!BANG!BANG!いざ出撃
 きっと轟沈させるよ

 Oh oh oh oh
 艦これ！（はい！） 艦これ！（はい！） 艦これ！（はい！）
 Oh oh oh oh （はいはいはいはい！）
 艦これ！（はい！） 艦これ！（はい！） 艦これ！（はい！）
 Oh oh oh oh （はいはいはいはい！）

 何回も何回もおんなじとこ
 行ったり来たりじゃ そりゃ ヤになりますよ
 だけどなんかヘンなんです
 ちょっと気持ちよくて クセになってるんです

 わーおーわーおーわーおーわー

 少しドジでも いいでしょ？ 置いてかないでね (わーわーわーわー)
 旗艦にして欲しいのに
 もうちょっと（お？）何なの？（おう・・・）
 もうもう、提督！

 BANG!BANG!BANG!恋の主砲で
 BANG!BANG!BANG!狙うよハート
 BANG!BANG!BANG!酸素の魚雷、いっちゃいますね！

 BANG!BANG!BANG!準備はOK
 BANG!BANG!BANG!いざ出撃
 任務遂行、余裕でしょ？

 はーい、みんな行くよ？ せーのっ！

 かんこ かんこ かんこかんこれ はいっ！
 (かんこ かんこ かんこかんこれ はいっ！)
 かんこ かんこ かんこかんこれ はいっ！
 (かんこ かんこ かんこかんこれ はいっ！)
 かんかんかん こっこっこれ ほいっ！
 (かんかんかん こっこっこれ ほいっ！)
 かんこかんこかんかんかんこかんこれ よいしょっ！
 (かんこかんこかんかんかんこかんこれ よいしょっ！)
 ひゅーーーーー！

 中破したときくらい そばにいたっていいでしょ？
 ホントは見て欲しいのに
 ねぇちょっと（え？）聞いてる？（うん？）
 ねぇねぇ、提督！ホントに？提督！！

 1,2,3 はいっ！
 BANG!BANG!BANG!恋の魚雷で
 BANG!BANG!BANG!撃ち抜くハート
 BANG!BANG!BANG!情熱の機関部、止まらないでよ

 BANG!BANG!BANG!準備はOK
 BANG!BANG!BANG!いざ出撃
 きっと轟沈させるよ

 Oh oh oh oh
 艦これ！（はい！） 艦これ！（はい！） 艦これ！（はい！）
 Oh oh oh oh （はいはいはいはい！）
 艦これ！（はい！） 艦これ！（はい！） 艦これ！（はい！）
 Oh oh oh oh 
{{clear}}
</tabber>


===Bright Shower Days===
{{clear}}

<tabber>English= 

 The sky looks like it might rain
 From now on (Hm?)
 Under the same umbrella (It’s too small! It actually isn’t?!)
 Going steady, we’re always together! (Ready everyone?)

 Aim for the bright morning sun (Poi poi poi!)
 No matter what rain falls we won’t lose, we can get through it together
 Blast the lonely sunset (Sunny sun sun)
 Sparkling and shining, reach the stars

 Watch us
 We’ll make tomorrow come true
 For sure
{{clear}}


|-|Romaji=
 Sora wa yūdachi ppoi
 kore kara (Hm?)
 Hitotsu kasa no naka (Semai! Semakunai!?)
 Yōsorō itsumoisshoda yo

 Mabushii Asahi mezashite ku (Poi poi poi!)
 Don'na ame datte, makenai yo issho ni koete ku sabishī 
 Yūhi uchinuite (Sunny Sun Sun)
 Manten kirari hikaru hoshi ni todoke

 Mitsumete ite
 Kanaeru ashita
 Kitto
{{clear}}


|-|Japanese=

 空は夕立っぽい
 これから（ん？）
 ひとつ傘の中　（狭い!狭くない!?）
 ヨーソローいつも一緒だよ

 眩しい朝日目指してく（ぽーいぽいぽい！）
 どんな雨だって、負けないよ　一緒に超えてく
 寂しい夕日打ち抜いて (Sunny Sun Sun)
 満点キラリ光る　星に届け

 見つめていて
 叶える明日
 きっと
{{clear}}
</tabber>


===Two Cranes===
{{clear}}

<tabber>English= 

 The mornings we spend together
 And the nights we spend alone
 Our hearts are one
 Flying higher and higher through a thousand years
 Always, until the end
 These two cranes fly together

 I’ll never forget, until the end
 That single moment like water
 These two cranes


|-|Romaji=
 suyoku naru mukaikaze uke te 
 tsubasa hiroge sora ni negatte ta 
 yakusoku no imi oboeteru? 
 zutto mamoru wa anata no mirai o

 Kagayai ta fuyu no yo mo 
 arashi fuku haru no asa mo 
 tomoni mairi masho

 Takaku takaku tobu sen nen no toki o 
 itsumo itsu made mo 
 ni wa de tobiyuku

 Atsui atsui kizuna mune ni hime te 
 mite ite ne anata to watashi 
 ni wa no tsuru o

 Natsukashii anata no yokogao 
 watashi zutto sora ni inotte ta

 Yakusoku no imi wasure nai 
 kitto mite ite futari no kōseki

 Wakare no natsu no hi mo 
 owari no aki no toki mo 
 kokoro wa issho na no

 Mizu no mizu no yo na isshun no toki o 
 itsumo itsu made mo 
 ni wa de tobiyuku

 Moeru moeru yo na omoi hime te 
 wasure nai watashi to anata 
 ni wa no tsuru o

 Futari sugosu asa mo 
 hitori kiri no yoru mo 
 kokoro wa tomoni aru

 Takaku takaku tobu sen nen no toki o 
 itsumo itsu made mo 
 ni wa de tobiyuku

 Mizu no mizu no yo na isshun no toki o 
 wasure nai itsui tsu made mo 
 ni wa no tsuru o

{{clear}}

|-|Japanese=

 強くなる　向かい風受けて
 翼拡げ　空に願ってた
 約束の意味　覚えてる？
 ずっと護るわ　あなたの明日(みらい)を

 輝いた冬の夜(よ)も
 嵐吹く春の朝も
 共に参りましょう

 高く高く翔ぶ　千年の刻(とき)を
 いつもいつまでも
 二羽で翔び往(ゆ)く

 熱い熱い絆　胸に秘めて
 見ていてね　あなたとわたし
 二羽の鶴を

 懐かしい　あなたの横顔
 私ずっと　空に祈ってた

 約束の意味　忘れない
 きっと見ていて　二人の航跡

 別離(わかれ)の夏の日も
 終りの秋の刻(とき)も
 心は一緒なの

 瑞(みず)の瑞(みず)のよな　一瞬の刻(とき)を
 いつもいつまでも
 二羽で翔び往(ゆ)く

 燃える燃えるよな　想い秘めて
 忘れない　わたしとあなた
 二羽の鶴を

 二人過ごす朝も
 一人きりの夜も
 心は共にある

 高く高く翔ぶ　千年の刻(とき)を
 いつもいつまでも
 二羽で翔び往(ゆ)く

 瑞(みず)の瑞(みず)のよな　一瞬の刻(とき)を
 忘れない　いついつまでも
 二羽の鶴を

{{clear}}
</tabber>

===Let's Not Say 'Good-bye'===
{{clear}}

<tabber>English= 

 Through the sleepless nights
 I continue to look up at the stars above
 Through the many farewells
 I continue to gaze at the waves

 Fly
 The blazing morning sun
 is waiting for us
 Beyond the time

 I will not forget
 Our sunshine spot
 I am reminded
 Of the wind that pets my head

 You know, our testament
 will never disappear, yes
 Let's not say
 "good-bye"

 Embracing your cold self
 As the rain kept falling on you
 Embracing the unfulfilled dream
 Continuing together our prayer for it

 Cry
 Beyond the tears
 A wind that passes through us
 To the edges of time

 I will not forget
 Everyone's future
 The shining smile
 When it leads us forward

 You know, the two of us in the future
 Will keep embracing each other, yes
 Let's not say
 "good-bye"

 Try
 The returning tomorrow
 Keeps on changing because
 I had lived together with you

 I will not forget
 Our sunshine spot
 I am reminded
 Of the wind that pets my head

 You know, the reason we keep on living
 Will never disappear, yes
 Let's not say
 "good-bye"

 So let’s not say
 Goodbye...
{{clear}}


|-|Romaji=
 nemurenu yoru wo koete
 hoshi wo miagetsudzuketeta
 ikuta no wakare koete
 nami wo mitsumetsudzuketeta

 Fly
 moeru asahi ga
 bokura wo matteru
 toki no mukou de wa

 wasurenai no
 futari no hidamari
 omoidasu yo ne
 kami naderu kaze wo

 nee futari no akashi wa
 kieru koto nai sou
 Let's not say
 "good-bye"

 kogoeru kimi wo daite
 ame ni utaretsudzuketeta
 kanawanu yume wo daite
 tomo ni inoritsudzuketa

 Cry
 namida no mukou de
 sukitooru kaze ga
 toki no kanata de wa

 wasurenai yo
 minna no mirai wo
 kagayaku egao
 michiru sono jikan wo

 nee mirai no futari wa
 zutto yorisou
 Let's not say
 "good-bye"

 Try
 kaeru ashita wo
 kaete yukeru no wa
 kimi to ikita kara

 wasurenai no
 futari no hidamari
 omoidasu yo ne
 kami naderu kaze wo

 nee kakenuketa imi wa
 kieru koto nai sou
 Let's not say
 "good-bye"

 So let’s not say
 Goodbye...
{{clear}}


|-|Japanese=

 眠れぬ夜を越えて
 星を見上げ続けてた
 幾多の別れ越えて
 波を見つめ続けてた

 Fly
 燃える朝日が
 僕らを待ってる－－
 時の向うでは

 忘れないの
 二人の陽だまり
 思い出すよね
 髪撫でる風を

 ねえ　二人の証は
 消えることない　そう
 Let's not say
 "good-bye"

 凍える君を抱いて
 雨に打たれ続けてた
 叶わぬ夢を抱いて
 共に祈り続けてた

 Cry
 涙の向うで
 透き通る風が－－
 時の彼方では

 忘れないよ
 皆の未来を
 輝く笑顔
 満ちるその時間を

 ねえ　未来の二人は
 ずっと寄り添う　そう
 Let's not say
 "good-bye"

 Try
 還る明日を
 変えてゆけるのは－－
 君と生きたから

 忘れないの
 二人の陽だまり
 思い出すよね
 髪撫でる風を

 ねえ　駆け抜けた意味は
 消えることない　そう
 Let's not say
 "good-bye"

 So let’s not say
 Goodbye...
{{clear}}
</tabber>


{{AnimePortal}}
[[Category:Anime]]
[[Category:Music]]