==Character==
===Appearance===
===Personality===
==Notes==

*Atlanta has 3 additional AACI APIs available, with different performance.
**{{EquipmentLink|GFCS Mk.37 + 5inch Twin Dual-purpose Gun Mount (Concentrated Deployment)}} + {{EquipmentLink|5inch Twin Dual-purpose Gun Mount (Concentrated Deployment)}} (API 39, +11 x1.7)
**{{EquipmentLink|5inch Twin Dual-purpose Gun Mount (Concentrated Deployment)}} '''x2''' + {{EquipmentLink|GFCS Mk.37}} (API 40, +11 x1.7)
**{{EquipmentLink|5inch Twin Dual-purpose Gun Mount (Concentrated Deployment)}} '''x2''' (API 41, +10 x1.65)

==Trivia==
*The ''Atlanta''-class of light cruisers were a series of eight ships originally intended as scout cruisers or flotilla leaders. However, their dual-purpose main armament made them very effective at engaging enemy aircraft. Ultimately, this would become their primary duty during the Pacific War, serving as screens and escorts for American aircraft carriers. However, they were poor at engaging surface targets, due to their lack of sufficient armor protection against cruiser or battleship shells.
*Launched on September 6, 1941, and commissioned in December 24, 1941.
*Scuttled after severe damage in [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Naval_Battle_of_Guadalcanal Naval Battle of Guadalcanal] by friendly fire from [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/USS_San_Francisco_(CA-38) USS ''San Francisco''] in 13 November 1942.
*The ship earned a total of 5 battle stars for her service. Among the battles she participated in included the Battle of Midway, Battle of Santa Cruz, and First Naval Battle of Guadalcanal.
*The wreck of USS ''Atlanta'' was discovered for the first time in 1992.