{{Equipment

|en = 
The flight squadron equipped with the Army's main fighter aircraft, the Type 1 Fighter "Hayabusa", equipped with bombs.<br/>Deftly using radio wave deception paper, called chaff in modern times, these bomb-equipped Type 1 fighters regularly fought fiercely amidst the painful state of war.

|notes = 
* [[Spring 2017 Event]] E-4 Hard reward.
* Renamed from [[Bomb-carrying Type 1 Fighter Hayabusa Model III Kai (55th Squadron)]] in the [[Partials/Updates/2018_August_15th|Phase 2 (HTML5) update]].

|trivia = 
* The 65th Squadron (Tsūshōgō or Unit Code: 靖9104) was originally a light bombing unit formed in Hoeryong in 1943 from the split of the 9th squadron.
* A year after the Nomonhan Incidents, the 65th Squadron was sent to Manchuria to fight in the chinese front.
** During this time the piloted the Type 99 twin-engine light bomber.
* By 1945, they were sent to the Philippines, but suffered heavy losses and were forced to retreat.
* Due to delays in the development of the Ki-102, the unit adopted the Hayabusa as their weapon of preference, but this raised their morale due to being the "only" Hayabusa bomber unit; thanks to it being a single-seater pilots felt more at ease, even in a worst case scenario.
* Maintenance engineers of the 65th squadron managed to develop a chaff deployment device to aid the pilots against radar-guided anti-aircraft fire. They also repaired large drop tanks and added lights to help pilots during their night flights.
*Despite not being a Special Attack Squadron, the leader of the unit was supposed to be an instructor in that area.

|see also = 

}}