{{Under Construction}}
'''C2 Kikan''' (Japanese: C2機関/株式会社C2プレパラート (C2 Präparat Inc.), alternatively translated as "C2 Architecture"<ref>http:/
/www.c2architecture.com/</ref>, "Contents Communication Architecture"<ref>http://g.e-hentai.org/s/c50b365d79/667381-1</ref>, "KanColle Unei Chinjufu"{{cite}}) is a [http://fanlore.org/wiki/Doujinshi_Circle doujin circle], who is one of the copyright holders of the Kantai Collection -KanColle- brand.<ref>http://kancolle.kadokawa.jp/</ref>

C2 Kikan debuted in Comiket C75 (Winter 2008) with a doujin about food, introducing various types of food through anime personifications. They were interviewed by various TV programs for it at the time, including タモリ倶楽部 from Asahi TV and MAG・ネット from NHK. They later published several military-related doujinshi.

It's possible that the name of 'C2 Kikan' came from [[:w:Final Fantasy: Unlimited|Final Fantasy: Unlimited]], where [[:w:ja:Tanaka Kensuke|Tanaka Kensuke]], one of the main members of C2 Kikan, was the anime's general producer for, when he worked in Square Soft back in 2001.

When Tanaka Kensuke and his friend, who was working within Kadokawa Games<ref>See description in http://www.amazon.co.jp/%E3%82%8A%E3%81%8F%E3%81%8B%E3%81%84%E3%81%8F%E3%81%86%E3%80%82-%E3%82%A4%E3%82%AB%E3%83%AD%E3%82%B9%E3%83%BB%E3%83%A0%E3%83%83%E3%82%AF-MC%E2%98%86%E3%81%82%E3%81%8F%E3%81%97%E3%81%9AMOOK-C2%E6%A9%9F%E9%96%A2/dp/486320759X , and Weekly Famitsu Vol. Mar-3-2016 p.36</ref> talked with [[:wikia:finalfantasy:Michio Okamiya|Michio Okamiya]], whom he once worked with back in Square Soft<ref>http://www.famitsu.com/news/201309/07039658.html</ref>, they came up with the idea of the KanColle browser game.<ref>http://www.famitsu.com/news/201309/07039658.html</ref><ref>http://www.famitsu.com/news/201509/17088748.html</ref>

==List of KanColle-related Publications==
*C84: Teitoku no Natsuyasumi: 提督の夏休み。
*C85: Teitoku no Fuyuyasumi: 提督の冬休み。
==Other Related Works==
*The [[Merchandise/Manga|Someday in the Calm Seas (Itsuka Shizukana Umi De) Manga]] was created with the cooperation of C2 Kikan 
*They assisted with the creation of the Arpeggio of Blue Steel: -Ars Nova DC- movie.<ref>http://jin115.com/archives/52065478.html</ref>

==External Links==
* [http://www.c2architecture.com/ Official Site]
* [https://www.doujinshi.org/browse/circle/12581/C2-Kikan/ List of doujin produced by C2 Kikan] ([http://shop.comiczin.jp/products/list.php?category_id=1445 Another list])
* [https://twitter.com/kyou_C2 official twitter]
* [http://dic.nicovideo.jp/a/c2%E6%A9%9F%E9%96%A2 Introduction on NicoNicoPedia]
==References==
<references />