{{EquipmentPage

|en = 
This is grilled Mackerel in a can, using fresh Mackerel from seasonal catch. Using a charcoal grill to carefully cook the fatty Mackerel, although tasty in its own right, if eaten together with rice balls, will be even tastier. (When activated together with a Combat Ration, their effects are doubled. Is consumed on activation)

|notes = 
* Obtainable by cooking [[mackerel]]s.
* <font color="red">Quest [[Spring 2018 Mini-Event#Su05|Su05]] offers this as a choice between three rewards. Only available during the <abbr title="From 15 May to ? 2018.">Spring 2018 Mini-Event</abbr>.</font>
* <font color="red">Quest [[Spring 2018 Mini-Event#Su06|Su06]] offers as a choice between two rewards. Only available during the <abbr title="From 15 May to ? 2018.">Spring 2018 Mini-Event</abbr>.</font>
* <font color="red">Quest [[Spring 2018 Mini-Event#Su07|Su07]] reward. Only available during the <abbr title="From 15 May to ? 2018.">Spring 2018 Mini-Event</abbr>.</font>
* Can be equipped in [[Reinforcement Expansion]] slots.
:* In the event of '''three or more pre boss nodes''' in a sortie, the item will randomly be consumed before the battle starts.
:** The chance of Canned Mackerel being consumed randomly is as follows:<br />
<math> \text{Activation Chance} = 10 + 2 \sqrt{L} + ( N * 5 )  </math><br />
Where '''L''' is the ship's Luck Stat and '''N''' is the number of battle nodes passed.
:** Upon activation, any food items on the fleet will be consumed.
:** The activating ship will randomly gain 10-14 morale, increased to 20-28 morale if also equipped with {{EquipmentLink|Combat Ration}}.
:** Adjacent ships will randomly gain 8-10 morale, increased to 16-20 morale if {{EquipmentLink|Combat Ration}} was also used.

|trivia = 
Text on the can:<ref>http://kancolle.doorblog.jp/archives/46587130.html</ref>
<!--
{| class="wikitable"
!Product Name
|[[wikipedia:Kabayaki|Kabayaki]] Mackerel Pike
|-
!Volume
|432g
|-
!Canning Date
|December, Year [[wikipedia:Shōwa_period|Shōwa]] 16 (1941)
|-
!Producer
|Naval Base Mamiya<br/>
Akashi Arsenal
|-
!Canner
|Naval Base Canning Inc.
|-
| align="center" colspan="2"|(unreadable)
|}
-->
|see also = 
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fish_preservation Fish Preservation]

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pacific_saury Pacific Saury]

==References==
<references>
</references>

}}