{{Equipment

|en =
The Large Landing Craft, also known as the Daihatsu. While outdated, it can be configured as an assault landing craft capable of carrying a Type 89 medium tank and a heavy weapons section (can also equip experimental launchers). If not pressed on its transport role, it can be used during amphibious operations against the enemy.

|notes =
*[[Spring 2016 Event]] E-1 Hard reward.
*[[Summer 2016 Event]] E-1 Medium/Hard reward.
*[[Early Fall 2018 Event]] E-1 Medium reward.
*[[Thread:412901|February 2016 Ranking Reward]] for all tiers.
*[[Thread:617060|October 2017 Ranking Reward]] for Top 5 and 100.
*Provides a 2% [[Expedition/Introduction#Landing_Craft|bonus to expedition incomes]].
*Provides a [[Installation_Type|damage bonus]] to some [[Enemy_vessel#Bosses_.28Land_Bases.29|Land Based enemies]].

|trivia =
A Daihatsu Landing Craft outfitted with a Type 89 I-Go medium tank, it is also accompanied by marine forces. It was designed to destroy pillboxes in China and support infantry in open field but it surprisingly also excelled in the cramped, jungle environments of the Philippines and Southeast Asia. Its low speed, artillery and armor was enough for its intended support role in early 1930, but was later outclassed by newer Allied armor and the change to a more defensive stance of the war.
* The fairies are seen wielding a Type 38 Arisaka Rifle, Type 99 Arisaka Rifle, two Type 97 Grenades, Type 99 Light Machine Gun and Type 4 70mm AT Rocket Launcher.
* Some leftover tanks from Japan's invasion were used by the French after the war for the suppression of Communist insurgents in Vietnam.

|see also =
*[[wikipedia:Daihatsu-class landing craft|Daihatsu-class Landing Craft]]
}}