{{Enemy/Header}}
==Quotes==
{{Abyssquote|Clip1 = {{Audio|file=Dock Princess Intro.ogg}}<br>{{Audio|file=Dock Princess Broken Form Intro.ogg}}
|開幕前 = マア……トオイトコロマデ……。　
ヨク…キタ……ネェ……ッ！

<br/>イイケド…ネ……。
ココ…デ……シズンジャエ…バ…イインジャナイ？(Final Form)
|EN1 = Oh my... Thank you for coming...such a faraway place... 

<br>
Sure...I think you should sink here...(Final Form)
|Clip0 = {{Audio|file=Dock Princess Attack.ogg}}<br>{{Audio|file=Dock Princess Broken Form Attack.ogg}}
|砲撃 = シズンジャエバァ？

<br>ヤナヤツ…。キライッ！(Final Form)
|EN0 = You should sink here...!

<br/>Unpleasant guys... I hate you!(Final Form)
|Clip2 = {{Audio|file=Dock Princess Damaged.ogg}}<br>{{Audio|file=Dock Princess Broken Form Damaged.ogg}}
|被弾 = イカナイヨ…ソンナトコッ！

<br>ヤメテヨッ！ (Final Form)
|EN2 = I won't go to such a place...!

<br>Stop that! (Final Form)
|Clip3 = {{Audio|file=Dock Princess Sunk.ogg}}<br>{{Audio|file=Dock Princess Broken Form Sunk.ogg}}
|昼戦終了時 = フウゥン…スコシハ ヤルンダァ…。　デモネェ？ゼンッゼンアマイカラ…ソレッテバ！ (Normal sunk lines)

<br>ヤダ…ヤラレチャッタ……。ソンナコト…アルンダ……。
シュウリシテ……シュウリ…スレバ…。アタシ…ダッテ…マタ、コノ…ウミヘ…。ステキナ…ウミヲ…オモイドオリニ…ハシッテ……。エッ…？　アアッ… ナニ…？　スゴイ…キレイ…アタタカイ…。イイノ…？ ソウナンダ…。
ツマリ…ナニカヲウラマズ…ジブンガ…。そうか…自分が前に、進めば…いいんだ！ よしっ！ Ciao！(Final sunk lines)
|EN3 = Hmm...You are a bit capable... But.., it is still naive! (Normal sunk lines)

<br>No way…I was beaten… Unexpected things did happened… I should repair me… I will repair me…then I will go to this sea again…I want to run on the beautiful sea… as I want…Eh? Ahh… What? It’s so beautiful… and worm… Okey? Is that so?  It means…without hate for anything, I…Yes..! I just need...to move on! Alright! Ciao! (Final sunk lines)
}}

==Character==
* '''[[Glossary#List of Vessels by Japanese Voice Actresses|Seiyuu]]''': [http://myanimelist.net/people/34951 Kitou Akari] (鬼頭明里)

==Trivia==
*First appeared in [[Early_Fall_2018_Event|Fall 2018 Event as an E-4 boss]]. The location of the boss node is indicating toward the city of [[wikipedia:Genoa|Genoa]], the place where {{ShipLink|Maestrale}} was being docked and repaired, but finally scuttled after the Armistice of Cassibile.
**This is possibly why she receives bonus damages against anti-installation equipment despite being classified as a destroyer.

{{Enemy/Footer}}
[[Category:Enemy Vessel]]
[[Category:Bosses]]