This page displays existing visible equipment stat bonuses for different ships.
__TOC__
==Definitions==
*'''Air Radar''': any radar that has an {{AA}} stat on it.
*'''LoS Radar''': any radar with 5 or more {{LoS}} stat on it.
*Radars are able to function as both types provided they fulfill both conditions (example: {{EquipmentLink|Type 42 Air Radar}}).

==Things to Note==
As of 22nd February 2018, the following bonus stats have an erroneous effect on gameplay:
*{{Firepower}}: Bonus visible Firepower from recon planes does not work on Carriers. Otherwise works as per normal.
** Bonus visible Firepower from Night Planes does not count towards night carrier damage at night.
*{{ASW}}: Counts toward [[OASW]] value requirements, but does not affect damage.
*{{AA}}: Does not have any effect on gameplay. AA Guns will not have increased shotdowns, Plane bonus AA will not have increased Air Power.
*{{LoS}}: {{EquipmentLink|SG Radar (Initial Model)}} LOS Visible Fit Bonus does not work. {{EquipmentLink|Type 2 Reconnaissance Aircraft}}'s LoS Bonus has been tested to count as ship LOS and not equipment, for routing purposes.
*{{Torpedo}}, {{Armor}} and {{Evasion}} have been confirmed to be working normally.

<tabview>
Equipment Bonuses/All|All
Equipment Bonuses/Small Guns|Small Guns
Equipment Bonuses/Medium Guns|Medium Guns
Equipment Bonuses/Large Guns|Large Guns
Equipment Bonuses/Torpedoes|Torpedoes
Equipment Bonuses/Planes|Planes
Equipment Bonuses/Other|Other
</tabview>

==See Also==
*[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1bInH11S_xKdaKP754bB7SYh-di9gGzcXkiQPvGuzCpg "Equipment visible bonus" spreadsheet]
*[[Combat/Overweight Penalty and Fit Gun Bonus]]

{{Equipmentlist}}