{{Enemy/Header}}
==Quotes==
{{Enemy/Quotes
|Clip1 = {{Audio|file=European Water Princess Intro.ogg}}
<br/>{{Audio|file=European Water Princess Broken Form Intro.ogg}}
|開幕前 = キサマ…タチハ……。ココデッ…シズムノッ……！
シズムノ…ヨォッ！

<br/>ハッハハハァ……。ヤル…ナァ……ッ。
デモッ！ ココマデ…ナンダ…カラァッ…！(Final Form)
|EN1 = You… are… going to sink… here…! Sink…!

<br/>Hahahaha… Not… bad… but… you'll come… to the end… here!(Final Form)
|Clip0 = {{Audio|file=European Water Princess Attack.ogg}}
<br/>{{Audio|file=European Water Princess Broken Form Attack.ogg}}
|砲撃 = ノガサンゾ！

<br/>キサマラァ……！(Final Form)
|EN0 = I won't let you go!

<br/>You…!(Final Form)
|Clip2 = {{Audio|file=European Water Princess Damaged .ogg}}
<br/>{{Audio|file=European Water Princess Broken Form Damaged.ogg}}
<br/>{{Audio|file=European Water Princess Broken Form Armor Broken.ogg}}
|被弾 = アタラシイ ミライ…？ ソンナモノッ！

<br/>モウ…カンジナイワァ…。（Final Form)

<br/>イタッ…。（Final Form Armor Broken)
|EN2 = New future…? Who cares!

<br/>I… don't feel anything now…(Final Form)

<br/>Ouch…(Final Form Armor Broken)
|Clip3 = {{Audio|file=European Water Princess Sunk.ogg}}
<br/>{{Audio|file=European Water Princess Broken Form Sunk.ogg}}
|昼戦終了時 = アッハハハハ！ ヤルジャナイノォ。 デモネェ…マダマダ タリナイ！ タリナインダカラァ！　コンナノ…コンナノハネェ！ドウカナァ？

<br/>アッハハ……。ワタシダッテネェ…ホントウハ、カガヤキタカッタ！
イツマデモ、コノウミ…カケメグッテ……。キタイドオリニ…ワタシハ…。
エッ…？ コレハ…ヒカリ…？ ソウカ…そうね…行こう、余も…未来に！(Final Form)
|EN3 = Ahahahaha! Not bad, but… that's not enough yet! Not enough! How about… how about this?

<br/>Ahaha…… I really… wanted to play an active role brightly, too! I wanted to run on the sea freely… as I want…… I wanted to… work to live up to expectations… Eh…? This is… light? I see… Yes… Let's go toward the future… with me!(Final Form)
}}

==Character==
* '''[[Glossary#List of Vessels by Japanese Voice Actresses|Seiyuu]]''': [http://myanimelist.net/people/8956/Iori_Nomizu Nomizu Iori] (野水伊織)

The Abyssal amalgamation of both [[Nelson]] and [[Bismarck]], bearing the distinctions of both ships, such as the former's [[16inch Mk.I Triple Gun Mount|triple 16inch turrets]], or the latter's bows being mounted as a pair on her sides with the associated [[38cm Twin Gun Mount|twin 38cm mounts]]. However, Nelson is still her primary ego, due to her shown equipment (the [[Abyssal 16inch Triple Gun Mount Kai Ni|Abyssal variation of the aforementioned 16inch guns]]), her articles of clothing, and how she refers to herself with the first person pronoun "yo" (余) in her final sinking line.

==Trivia==
*It can be observed in European Water Princess' undamaged CGs that she has lost her right arm, which was replaced by a cybernetic secondary gun; subsequently this was blown off in the debuffed form. This is a reference to Nelson's namesake Rear Admiral [[wikipedia:Horatio Nelson, 1st Viscount Nelson|Horatio Nelson]], who lost one of his own arms in the [[wikipedia:Battle of Santa Cruz de Tenerife (1797)|Battle of Santa Cruz de Tenerife]].
{{Enemy/Footer}}
[[Category:Enemy Vessel]]
[[Category:Bosses]]