<div id="toc1">{{tocright}}</div>
An Event is a special time-limited operation in which the players are given a chance to participate in order to obtain valuable rewards (such as new shipgirls, equipment, etc...) on some new maps. These maps are designed specifically for each event and are usually themed around World War 2 battles.

Events are held once per season (Winter, Spring, Summer, and Fall). The duration of the events varies, usually lasting 2-4 weeks. When an event has concluded, it's no longer possible to sortie to those maps nor obtain the rewards. However, those rewards may become available at a later date (from as early as the next Seasonal event to a year after the initial introduction) via different methods.

On these event maps, some [[Enemy vessel|special Abyssal bosses]] may be encountered. These enemies are very strong and require a certain amount of planning (and luck) to defeat them.
{{clear}}

==Event List==
{| class="wikitable"
|-
!Event!!Name!!Theme!!Start!!Expected End!!Actual End!!Clear Reward
|-
| '''[[Spring 2013 Event]]'''||Break into the enemy anchorage!||N/A<!--No map name relevant to real operations or battle. If possible, please try to refer to real events and fill in this space-->
||2013.05.17||2013.05.31||2013.06.05||{{EquipmentLink|Shinden Kai}}
|-
| '''[[Summer 2013 Event]]'''||Southern Waters Assault Reconnaissance||
[[:wikipedia:Sinking of Prince of Wales and Repulse|Naval Battle off Malaya ?]]<br />Prepare for [[World 5]]
||2013.08.01||2013.08.15||2013.08.26||{{ShipLink|Yamato}}
|-
| '''[[Fall 2013 Event]]'''||Decisive Battle! Escape from Ironbottom Sound!||
[[wikipedia:Guadalcanal Campaign|Operation Watchtower]]
||2013.11.01||2013.11.20||2013.11.27||{{ShipLink|Musashi}}
|-
| '''[[Christmas 2013 Event]]'''||Intercept! Fleet of Fog||
[[:wikipedia:Arpeggio of Blue Steel|Arpeggio]] collaboration
||2013.12.24|| colspan="2" |2014.01.08||{{ShipLink|I-401}}
|-
| '''[[Spring 2014 Event]]'''||Recon planes, launching!||
[[wikipedia:Air raids on Australia, 1942–43#Attacks on north Queensland.2C July 1942|Air raids on Australia]]<br />
[[wikipedia:Battle of Wake Island#First landing attempt|Battle of Wake Island, First assault]]
||2014.04.23||2014.05.06||2014.05.09||{{ShipLink|Sakawa}}
|-
| '''[[Summer 2014 Event]]''' ||Commence Operation AL/MI!||
[[wikipedia:Battle of Dutch Harbor|Battle of Dutch Harbor]]<br />
[[wikipedia:Battle of Midway|Battle of Midway]]
||2014.08.08|| colspan="2" |2014.08.29||{{ShipLink|Isokaze}}
|-
| '''[[Fall 2014 Event]]''' ||Commence Operation Kon!||
[[wikipedia:ja:渾作戦|Operation Kon]]
||2014.11.14||2014.11.28||2014.12.01||{{ShipLink|Nowaki}}
|-
| '''[[Winter 2015 Event]]''' ||Counter-attack! Assault on Truk Anchorage||
[[wikipedia:Operation Hailstone|Operation Hailstone]]
||2015.02.06|| colspan="2" |2015.02.23||{{ShipLink|Amagi}}
|-
| '''[[Spring 2015 Event]]''' ||Order! 11th Battle Operation||
<span class="explain" title="'If' operation.">Operation #11</span><!--The cancelled Invasion of Ceylon, in place of Midway? (http://sohnarucircus.blog.fc2.com/blog-entry-62.html)-->
||2015.04.28|| colspan="2" |2015.05.18||{{ShipLink|Akitsushima}}
|-
| '''[[Summer 2015 Event]]'''||Counterattack! The Second Operation SN||
<span class="explain" title="Second execution">Operation Watchtower</span><br />
[[wikipedia:Operation FS|Operation FS]]
||2015.08.10||2015.09.02||2015.09.07||{{ShipLink|Teruzuki}}
|-
| '''[[Fall 2015 Event]]''' ||Charge! Maritime Transport Operation!||
[[wikipedia:Battle of Kolombangara|Battle of Kolombangara]]<br />
[[wikipedia:Battle of Vella Gulf|Battle of Vella Gulf]]
||2015.11.18||2015.12.05-06||2015.12.08||{{ShipLink|Hagikaze}}
|-
| '''[[Winter 2016 Event]]'''||Sortie! Operation Rei-Gō||
[[wikipedia:ja:礼号作戦|Operation Rei-Gō]]<br />
[[wikipedia:ja:捷号作戦#概要|<span class="explain" title="'If' operation: defense of Hokkaidō">Operation Shō-Yongō</span>]]
||2016.02.10||2016.02.26||2016.02.29||{{ShipLink|Zara}}
|-
| '''[[Spring 2016 Event]]'''||Establish! The Land Base Air Corps||
<span class="explain" title="Lycoris Princess in this event is the Henderson Airfield of 1943; at that time no further Japanese actions to retake the airfield was executed.">Battle for Henderson Field</span><br />
[[wikipedia:Attack on Pearl Harbor|Attack on Pearl Harbor]]
||2016.05.03<ref name="delay">Event was scheduled to start the previous day.</ref>
||2016.05.27||2016.06.01||{{ShipLink|Iowa}}
|-
| '''[[Summer 2016 Event]]'''||Intercept! The 2nd Naval Battle of Malaya||
[[wikipedia:Sinking of Prince of Wales and Repulse|Naval Battle of Malaya]]
||2016.08.12|| colspan="2" |2016.08.31||{{ShipLink|Warspite}}
|-
| '''[[Fall 2016 Event]]'''||Proclamation! Fleet Strategy Plan #3!||
[[wikipedia:Doolittle Raid|Doolittle Raid]]<br>[[wikipedia:Operation Crossroads|Operation Crossroads]]
||2016.11.18||2016.12.07||2016.12.09||{{ShipLink|Saratoga}}
|-
| '''[[Winter 2017 Event]]'''||Operation 'Hikari', the Emergency Deployment of the Reconnaissance Force!||
[http://codenames.info/operation/hikari/ Operation Hikari]
||2017.02.11|| colspan="2" |2017.02.28||{{ShipLink|I-14}}
|-
| '''[[Spring 2017 Event]]'''||Sortie! 5th Fleet to the Northeast||[[:wikipedia:Battle of Shumshu|Battle of Shumshu]]
||2017.05.02|| colspan="2" |2017.05.22||{{ShipLink|Gangut}}
|-
| '''[[Summer 2017 Event]]'''||Recross-through the West! Europe Rescue Operation||Rescue of European Countries from Abyssal domination
||2017.08.10||2017.09.11||2017.09.12||{{ShipLink|Ark Royal}}
|-
| '''[[Fall 2017 Event]]'''||Showdown at Operation Shō-Gō! Battle of Leyte Gulf (Part 1)||
[[:wikipedia:Battle of Leyte Gulf|Battle of Leyte Gulf]] (Part 1) 
||2017.11.17|| colspan="2"|2017.12.11||{{ShipLink|Suzutsuki}}
|-
| '''[[Winter 2018 Event]]'''||Showdown at Operation Shō-Gō! Battle of Leyte Gulf (Part 2)||
[[:wikipedia:Battle of Leyte Gulf|Battle of Leyte Gulf]] (Part 2) <br>
[[:wikipedia:Battle of the Philippine Sea|Battle of the Philippine Sea]]
||2018.02.16||colspan="2"|2018.03.23||{{ShipLink|Intrepid}}
|-
| '''[[Early Fall 2018 Event]]'''<ref>There was no Spring 2018 Event. Instead the [[Spring 2018 Mini Event]] was held. Also, the Summer 2018 event was delayed several weeks, causing it to be renamed as the Early Fall 2018 Event.</ref>||Weigh Anchor! Combined Fleet, to the West!||
[[:wikipedia:Raid_on_Alexandria_(1941)|Raid on Alexandria]]<br>
[[:wikipedia:Operation Rheinübung|Operation Rheinübung]]
||2018.09.08||2018.10.05||2018.10.10||{{ShipLink|Nelson}}
|-
| '''[[Winter 2019 Event]]'''||Assault! Buin Defense Operation||
[[:wikipedia:Battle_of_Blackett_Strait|Battle of Blackett Strait]]<br>
[[:wikipedia:Bombing_of_Rabaul_(November_1943)|Bombing of Rabaul]]<br>
[[wikipedia:Japanese seaplane carrier Nisshin#Operational history|Buin Transport Operation]]
||2018.12.27<ref name="delay">Event was scheduled to start the previous day.</ref>||2019.01.18||2019.01.22||{{ShipLink|Nisshin}}
|-
| '''[[Spring 2019 Event]]'''||Commence! Allies Rescue: The 2nd Hawaii Operation||
[[wikipedia:Operation_Ten-Go|Operation Ten-Gō]]<br>
[[wikipedia:Attack on Pearl Harbor|Attack on Pearl Harbor]]
||2019.05.21<ref name="delay">Event was scheduled to start the previous day.</ref>||colspan="2"|2019.06.25||{{ShipLink|Colorado}}
|-
| '''[[Summer 2019 Event]]'''||European Area Counterattack Operation Commence! : Operation Shingle||
[https://www.history.navy.mil/browse-by-topic/wars-conflicts-and-operations/world-war-ii/1944/anzio.html Operation Shingle]
||2019.08.31<ref name="delay">Event was scheduled to start the previous day.</ref>||colspan="2"|2019.09.30||{{ShipLink|Janus}}
|-
| '''[[Fall 2019 Event]]'''||Advance! The 2nd Strategy “Southern Operation”||
[[wikipedia:Battle_of_Badung_Strait|Battle of Badung Strait]]<br>
[[wikipedia:Battle_of_Makassar_Strait|Battle of Makassar Strait]]<br>
[[wikipedia:Battle_of_the Java Sea|Battle of the Java Sea]]<br>
[[wikipedia:Battle_of_Sunda_Strait|Battle of Sunda Strait]]<br>
[[wikipedia:Naval_Battle_of_Guadalcanal|Naval Battle of Guadalcanal]]
||2019.11.30<ref name="delay">Event was scheduled to start the previous day.</ref>||2020.01.08||2019.01.14||{{ShipLink|Atlanta}}
|-
| '''[[Hinamatsuri 2020 Mini-Event]]'''||The Doll's Festival! Waves in the Offing ||
[[wikipedia:Japanese destroyer Okinami#Construction and career|Air Raid on Manila, 2nd Air Raid]]
||2020.03.03||colspan="2"|2020.03.27||-
|-
| '''[[Rainy-Summer 2020 Event]]'''||Stop the Invasion! Island Defense Reinforcement Operation||
[[wikipedia:Operation_Scavenger|Operation Scavenger]]<br>
[[wikipedia:Naval_Battle_of_Guadalcanal|Naval Battle of Guadalcanal]]<br>
[[wikipedia:Battle_of_the_Santa_Cruz_Islands|Battle of the Santa Cruz Islands]]
||2020.06.27<ref name="delay">Event was scheduled to start the previous day.</ref>||2020.08.26||2020.08.27||{{ShipLink|Hornet}}
|-
| '''[[Fall 2020 Event]]'''||Escort Them! Transport Operations by a Convoy||
????
||2020.11.27||2021.??.??||2021.??.??||????
|-
<!--
| '''[[Winter 2021 Event]]'''||????||
????
||2021.??.??||2021.??.??||2021.??.??||????
|-
| '''[[Spring 2021 Event]]'''||????||
????
|-
||2021.??.??||2021.??.??||2021.??.??||????
| '''[[Summer 2021 Event]]'''||????||
????
||2021.??.??||2021.??.??||2021.??.??||????
-->
|}

<references />

==Usual Requirements==
In order to sortie to the event maps, players must fulfill the following requirements:

* Must have a 75% sortie win ratio
* Must have 5 empty ship slots for new ships
* Must have 20 free equipment slots
* Have a [[Combined Fleet]] for certain maps (see below)

Apart from the aforementioned hard-lined requirements, the players are recommended to prepare their fleet and resources for the upcoming events. See the [[Event#Tips|tips for preparations below]]
<div style="text-align:right">[[#toc1|back to Table of Contents]]</div>

==Event-Exclusive Rewards==
===Ships===
The following table contains all ships that are unobtainable outside of the events. Once they are obtainable, such as {{ShipLink|Sakawa}} in [[6-2]] as drop or available in [[Construction]], they will be removed from the list.

{{Event Drop}}

===Equipment===
The following equipment cannot be obtained outside of certain event(s), with the exception of some [[Experience_and_Rank#Monthly_Ranking_Rewards|Ranking Rewards]]:

{|border="0" class="wikitable typography-xl-optout mw-collapsible mw-collapsed article-table" style="width:100%;"
!colspan="4"|List of equipment
|-
!style="width:150px;"|Equipment
!Information
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Shinden Kai|size=150px}}
|'''[[Shinden Kai]]'''
*[[Spring 2013 Event]] E-4 reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|53cm Bow (Oxygen) Torpedo Mount|size=150px}}
|'''[[53cm Bow (Oxygen) Torpedo Mount]]'''
*[[Fall 2013 Event]] E-3 reward.
*January 2014 Ranking Reward for ranks 1-3.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Type 1 Land-based Attack Aircraft (Nonaka Squadron)|size=150px}}
|'''[[Type 1 Land-based Attack Aircraft (Nonaka Squadron)]]'''
*[[Spring 2016 Event]] E-6 Hard reward.
*[[Thread:733315|September 2019 Ranking Reward]] for ranks 1-5.
*[[Thread:733907|October 2019 Ranking Reward]] for ranks 1-500.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Type 3 Fighter Hien (244th Air Combat Group)|size=150px}}
|'''[[Type 3 Fighter Hien (244th Air Combat Group)]]'''
*[[Spring 2016 Event]] E-5 Hard reward.
*[[Thread:491318|September 2016 Ranking Reward]] for ranks 1-20.
*[[Thread:696140|November 2018 Ranking Reward]] for ranks 1-20.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Ginga|size=150px}}
|'''[[Ginga]]'''
*[[Summer 2016 Event]] E-3 Hard reward.
*[[Thread:487135|August 2016 Ranking Reward]] for ranks 1-5.
*[[Thread:507664|October 2016 Ranking Reward]] for ranks 1-20.
*[[Thread:522831|December 2016 Ranking Reward]] for ranks 1-20.
*[[Thread:625230|November 2017 Ranking Reward]] for ranks 1-20.
*[[Thread:656504|February 2018 Ranking Reward]] for ranks 1-5.
*[[Thread:693289|September 2018 Ranking Reward]] for ranks 1-5.
*[[Setsubun|Setsubun 2019 Mini-event]] reward.
*[[Thread:732140|August 2019 Ranking Reward]] for ranks 1-5.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Re.2005 Kai|size=150px}}
|'''[[Re.2005 Kai]]'''
*[[Summer 2017 Event]] E-4 Medium/Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Saiun (Disassembled for Transport)|size=150px}}
|'''[[Saiun (Disassembled for Transport)]]'''
*[[Winter 2017 Event]] Quests KO01 and KO02 reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Submarine Radar & Waterproof Telescope|size=150px}}
|'''[[Submarine Radar & Waterproof Telescope]]'''
*[[Winter 2017 Event]] E-2 Medium/Hard reward.
*[[Thread:664766|April 2018 Ranking Reward]] for ranks 21-500.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Saiun (Eastern Caroline Air Group)|size=150px}}
|'''[[Saiun (Eastern Caroline Air Group)]]'''
*[[Winter 2017 Event]] E-3 Medium/Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Type 4 Fighter Hayate|size=150px}}
|'''[[Type 4 Fighter Hayate]]'''
*[[Fall 2017 Event]] E-3 reward (all difficulties).
*[[Winter 2018 Event]] E-3 Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Type 1 Fighter Hayabusa Model III A (54th Squadron)|size=150px}}
|'''[[Type 1 Fighter Hayabusa Model III A (54th Squadron)]]'''
*[[Spring 2017 Event]] E-3 Hard and E-5 Medium reward.
*[[Thread:547293|March 2017 Ranking Reward]] for ranks 1-20.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Bomb-carrying Type 1 Fighter Hayabusa Model III Kai (65th Squadron)|size=150px}}
|'''[[Bomb-carrying Type 1 Fighter Hayabusa Model III Kai (65th Squadron)]]'''
*[[Spring 2017 Event]] E-4 Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Type 1 Fighter Hayabusa Model II (64th Squadron)|size=150px}}
|'''[[Type 1 Fighter Hayabusa Model II (64th Squadron)]]'''
*[[Spring 2017 Event]] E-5 Hard reward.
*[[Thread:547293|March 2017 Ranking Reward]] for ranks 1-5.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Toku Daihatsu Landing Craft + 11th Tank Regiment|size=150px}}
|'''[[Toku Daihatsu Landing Craft + 11th Tank Regiment]]'''
*[[Spring 2017 Event]] E-3 Medium/Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Type 0 Reconnaissance Seaplane Model 11B (Skilled)|size=150px}}
|'''[[Type 0 Reconnaissance Seaplane Model 11B (Skilled)]]'''
*[[Fall 2017 Event]] E-1 Medium/Hard reward.
*[[Early Fall 2018 Event]] E-2 Medium/Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Type 22 Surface Radar Kai 4 (Calibrated Late Model)|size=150px}}
|'''[[Type 22 Surface Radar Kai 4 (Calibrated Late Model)]]'''
*[[Thread:605681|September 2017 Ranking Reward]] for ranks 1-500.
*[[Early Fall 2018 Event]] E-1 Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Swordfish Mk.III (Skilled)|size=150px}}
|'''[[Swordfish Mk.III (Skilled)]]'''
*[[Summer 2017 Event]] E-7 Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Seafire Mk.III Kai|size=150px}}
|'''[[Seafire Mk.III Kai]]'''
*[[Summer 2017 Event]] E-6 Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Spitfire Mk.IX (Skilled)|size=150px}}
|'''[[Spitfire Mk.IX (Skilled)]]'''
*[[Summer 2017 Event]] E-5 Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|HF/DF + Type144/147 ASDIC|size=150px}}
|'''[[HF/DF + Type144/147 ASDIC]]'''
*[[Fall 2019 Event]] E-2 Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Shiden Kai (343 Air Group) 301st Fighter Squadron|size=150px}}
|'''[[Shiden Kai (343 Air Group) 301st Fighter Squadron]]'''
*[[Winter 2018 Event]] E-7 Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Toukai (901 Air Group)|size=150px}}
|'''[[Toukai (901 Air Group)]]'''
*[[Fall 2017 Event]] E-3 Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Shiden Kai 4|size=150px}}
|'''[[Shiden Kai 4]]'''
*[[Fall 2017 Event]] E-4 Medium/Hard reward.
*[[Winter 2018 Event]] E-6 Medium/Hard reward.
*[[Thread:733315|September 2019 Ranking Reward]] for ranks 1-500.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Saiun (4th Recon Squad)|size=150px}}
|'''[[Saiun (4th Recon Squad)]]'''
*[[Rainy-Summer 2020 Event]] E-3 Easy/Medium/Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|SK + SG Radar|size=150px}}
|'''[[SK + SG Radar]]'''
*[[Winter 2018 Event]] E-6 Hard reward.
*[[Thread:711390|January 2019 Ranking Reward]] for ranks 1-5.
*[[Thread:718659|April 2019 Ranking Reward]] for ranks 1-5.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|51cm Twin Gun Mount|size=150px}}
|'''[[51cm Twin Gun Mount]]'''
*[[Winter 2018 Event]] E-7 Medium/Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|61cm Triple (Oxygen) Torpedo Mount Late Model|size=150px}}
|'''[[61cm Triple (Oxygen) Torpedo Mount Late Model]]'''
*[[Thread:661000|March 2018 Ranking Reward]] for ranks 1-100.
*[[Spring 2018 Mini-Event]] quest [[Spring_2018_Mini-Event#Su02|Su02]] reward (one of three options).
*[[Thread:694776|October 2018 Ranking Reward]] for ranks 21-100.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Type 3 Depth Charge Projector (Concentrated Deployment)|size=150px}}
|'''[[Type 3 Depth Charge Projector (Concentrated Deployment)]]'''
*[[Spring 2018 Mini-Event]] quest [[Spring_2018_Mini-Event#Su06|Su06]] reward (one of two options).
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Prototype 15cm 9-tube ASW Rocket Launcher|size=150px}}
|'''[[Prototype 15cm 9-tube ASW Rocket Launcher]]'''
*[[Spring 2018 Mini-Event]] quest [[Spring_2018_Mini-Event#Su09|Su09]] reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|16inch Mk.I Triple Gun Mount Kai + FCR Type 284|size=150px}}
|'''[[16inch Mk.I Triple Gun Mount Kai + FCR Type 284]]'''
*[[Early Fall 2018 Event]] E-5 Medium/Hard reward.
*[[Thread:669928|June 2018 Ranking Reward]] for ranks 1-20.
*[[Thread:677464|July 2018 Ranking Reward]] for ranks 1-5.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Type 97 Torpedo Bomber (931 Air Group/Skilled)|size=150px}}
|'''[[Type 97 Torpedo Bomber (931 Air Group/Skilled)]]'''
*[[Early Fall 2018 Event]] E-3 Medium/Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Ju 87C Kai Ni (w/ KMX/Skilled)|size=150px}}
|'''[[Ju 87C Kai Ni (w/ KMX/Skilled)]]'''
*[[Early Fall 2018 Event]] E-5 Hard reward.
*[[Thread:711390|January 2019 Ranking Reward]] for ranks 1-20.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|GFCS Mk.37|size=150px}}
|'''[[GFCS Mk.37]]'''
*[[Thread:688573|August 2018 Ranking Reward]] for ranks 1-100.
*[[Saury|Saury Event 2018]] quest SB32 reward (one of three options).
*[[Winter 2019 Event]] E-2 Medium/Hard reward.
*[[Spring 2019 Event]] E-4 Easy/Medium/Hard reward.
*[[Fall 2019 Event]] E-6 Medium/Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|5inch Single Gun Mount Mk.30 Kai + GFCS Mk.37|size=150px}}
|'''[[5inch Single Gun Mount Mk.30 Kai + GFCS Mk.37]]'''
*[[Thread:688573|August 2018 Ranking Reward]] for ranks 1-500.
*[[Winter 2019 Event]] E-2 Medium/Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Type 2 Land-based Reconnaissance Aircraft|size=150px}}
|'''[[Type 2 Land-based Reconnaissance Aircraft]]'''
*[[Thread:694776|October 2018 Ranking Reward]] for ranks 1-500.
*[[Winter 2019 Event]] E-1 Medium/Hard and E-2 Casual/Easy reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Type 2 Land-based Reconnaissance Aircraft (Skilled)|size=150px}}
|'''[[Type 2 Land-based Reconnaissance Aircraft (Skilled)]]'''
*[[Winter 2019 Event]] E-2 Medium/Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Reppuu Kai|size=150px}}
|'''[[Reppuu Kai]]'''
*[[Spring 2019 Event]] E-1 Easy/Medium/Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Reppuu Kai (352 Air Group/Skilled)|size=150px}}
|'''[[Reppuu Kai (352 Air Group/Skilled)]]'''
*[[Spring 2019 Event]] E-2 Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Reppuu Kai (Prototype Carrier-based Model)|size=150px}}
|'''[[Reppuu Kai (Prototype Carrier-based Model)]]'''
*[[Spring 2019 Event]] E-3 Easy/Medium/Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Reppuu Kai Ni|size=150px}}
|'''[[Reppuu Kai Ni]]'''
*[[Spring 2019 Event]] E-3 Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Reppuu Kai Ni Model E|size=150px}}
|'''[[Reppuu Kai Ni Model E]]'''
*[[Spring 2019 Event]] E-4 Hard and E-5 Easy/Medium reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Reppuu Kai Ni Model E (CarDiv 1/Skilled)|size=150px}}
|'''[[Reppuu Kai Ni Model E (CarDiv 1/Skilled)]]'''
*[[Spring 2019 Event]] E-5 Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Me 163B|size=150px}}
|'''[[Me 163B]]'''
*[[Thread:726849|July 2019 Ranking Reward]] for ranks 1-5, 21-100.
*[[Summer 2019 Event]] E-2 Medium/Hard and E-3 Easy reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Shuusui|size=150px}}
|'''[[Shuusui]]'''
*[[Thread:726849|July 2019 Ranking Reward]] for ranks 1-20.
*[[Summer 2019 Event]] E-3 Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Fw 190 A-5 Kai (Skilled)|size=150px}}
|'''[[Fw 190 A-5 Kai (Skilled)]]'''
*[[Summer 2019 Event]] E-3 Medium/Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Fw 190 D-9|size=150px}}
|'''[[Fw 190 D-9]]'''
*[[Summer 2019 Event]] E-3 Medium/Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|M4A1 DD|size=150px}}
|'''[[M4A1 DD]]'''
*[[Summer 2019 Event]] E-2 Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|GFCS Mk.37 + 5inch Twin Dual-purpose Gun Mount (Concentrated Deployment)|size=150px}}
|'''[[GFCS Mk.37 + 5inch Twin Dual-purpose Gun Mount (Concentrated Deployment)]]'''
*[[Fall 2019 Event]] E-6 Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|12.7cm Twin Gun Mount Model D Kai 3|size=150px}}
|'''[[12.7cm Twin Gun Mount Model D Kai 3]]'''
*[[Hinamatsuri 2020 Mini-Event]] E-1 Medium/Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|XF5U|size=150px}}
|'''[[XF5U]]'''
*[[Rainy-Summer 2020 Event]] E-7 Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|12.7cm Single High-angle Gun Mount Kai 2|size=150px}}
|'''[[12.7cm Single High-angle Gun Mount Kai 2]]'''
*[[Rainy-Summer 2020 Event]] E-4 Medium/Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|12.7cm Twin High-angle Gun Mount Kai 2|size=150px}}
|'''[[12.7cm Twin High-angle Gun Mount Kai 2]]'''
*[[Rainy-Summer 2020 Event]] E-4 Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Late Model 53cm Bow Torpedo Mount (8 tubes)|size=150px}}
|'''[[Late Model 53cm Bow Torpedo Mount (8 tubes)]]'''
*[[Rainy-Summer 2020 Event]] E-2 Medium/Hard reward.
|-
|{{EquipmentCardKai|Late Model Submarine Radar & Passive Radiolocator|size=150px}}
|'''[[Late Model Submarine Radar & Passive Radiolocator]]'''
*[[Rainy-Summer 2020 Event]] E-3 Hard reward.
|}


<div style="text-align:right">[[#toc1|back to Table of Contents]]</div>

==Tips==
Since Events are a limited-time action, and they consist of difficult enemy compositions and maps, it is advised to be prepared for an event before it begins.
* Stockpile {{Fuel}},{{Ammo}},{{Steel}},{{Bauxite}}, and buckets {{IR}}. It is recommended to stock over the auto-regeneration limit (softcap) before the event.
** Buckets are easily obtainable through [[Quests#Daily_Sortie_Quests|Daily Quests]] and [[Expeditions|Expedition]]. Use buckets sparingly before Events to save up.
* Don't rush. If you are new or low on resources, continue to stock up and wait for information on the Event to come to avoid wasting resources on failed attempts.
* Thanks to the ship locking mechanics and branching rules requiring certain ships (Fulfilling it may lead to you easier nodes and/or routes), it's wise to have important historical ships prepared and plan your fleets carefully in advance to make sure they aren't locked prematurely to avoid putting you into a difficult situation. 
* For new players, please read the [[Tutorial:_How_to_Play|Tutorial pages]] first for basic knowledge and refer to the [[Glossary]] and [[Combat|combat mechanics]] pages for ship class abbreviations and understanding of the mechanics used in this game.
<div style="text-align:right">[[#toc1|back to Table of Contents]]</div>

===Preparation Guides===
'' see main article: [[Guides]]''<br><br>
Make sure to read the preparation guides below to get ready for an event.
* [[Thread:215873|[Spring 2015 Pre-Event]: Some FAQS, Tips and Q&A]]

==References==
<references />
<div style="text-align:right">[[#toc1|back to Table of Contents]]</div>
[[Category:Sortie]]
[[Category:World Map]]
[[Category:Events]]