{{Equipment

|en = 
This is early version of the plane that fought ruthlessly against Zeroes in the early days of the Great War. The F4F series, called the Wildcat tangled with Zeroes even with its inferior dogfighting capability.

|notes = 
* [[Fall 2016 Event]] E-5 Normal reward.

|trivia = 
The F4F was the only combat ready navy fighter available to the USN at the start of WW2. Although it was slower, less maneuverable and not as long ranged as the Zero fighter on top of facing much more skilled pilots, it was sturdy enough to take damage and fight back, as well as having comparable firepower.
* The red dot on the roundel the aircraft uses was the standard for the USA until 1942 when it was changed to avoid pilot confusion by the Japanese [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hinomaru Hinomaru] roundel. The stripes on the tail fin were also short lived, lasting only 4 months.
* One plane was converted as a seaplane fighter after being inspired by the [[Type 2 Seaplane Fighter Kai|Type 2 Seaplane Fighter]]. Wanting to imitate the role IJN seaplane fighters served, the F4F-3 Wildcatfish proved to perform worse than the standard fighter and Zero due to the floats hindering speed and takeoff time. Since the seaplane had clearly limited uses that could only take on the most obsolete aircraft, the Navy canceled their order of 100 F4F-3 conversions.

|see also = 
* [http://www.boxartden.com/gallery/index.php/Profiles/Aircraft-Profiles/USA/World-War-Two/Grumman-F4F-Wildcat-53 F4F-3 pictures, designs and history]

}}