{{Equipment

|en = 
A progression in development of the F4U as a high-performance naval fighter, it was initially a land-based model that was thought to be difficult to be used on aircraft carriers.<br/>This improved fighter-bomber type later series was used in Task Forces, demonstrating it's multipurpose role, and long service as a fighter-bomber.

|notes = 
* [[Thread:569593|May 2017 Ranking Reward]] for Top 20.
* Obtainable from quest [[Quests#A80|A80]] (choice between 2 rewards).

|trivia = 
* In contrast to the F6F Hellcat, which quickly became the standard US Navy carrier-based fighter, the F4U Corsair primarily saw service with the United States Marine Corps from land bases, due to initially being deemed unfit for carrier landings. It wasn't until January 1945 that both Marine and Navy Corsair squadrons began being based on the decks of US carriers.
* The British started operating their lend-lease Corsairs off carriers as soon as they arrived in 1943, to improve the landing issues they clipped the wings and adopted a new landing technique. The RN Fleet Air Arm recieved just over 2000 F4Us and had 18 squadrons in operation by 1945. However when the war ended Britain couldn't afford the bill to buy them off the US, and so the carriers in the Pacific pushed theirs into the sea. The RNZAF also operated several squadrons.
* Built in parallel with the F4U-1C, but was introduced in April 1944. It had the new -8W water-injection engine. This change gave the aircraft up to 250 hp (190 kW) more power, which, in turn, increased performance. Speed was increased from 417 mph (671 km/h) to 425 mph (684 km/h). Due to the U.S. Navy's need for fighter-bombers, it had a payload of rockets double the -1A's, as well as twin-rack plumbing for an additional belly drop tank. These modifications necessitated the need for rocket tabs (attached to fully metal-plated underwing surfaces) and bomb pylons to be bolted onto the fighter, causing extra drag. The extra fuel carried by the two drop tanks would still allow the aircraft to fly relatively long missions despite the heavy, un-aerodynamic loads. A single piece "blown" clear-view canopy was adopted as standard equipment for the -1D model, and all later F4U production aircraft.
* This Plane has a nickname "Whistling Death" because when this plane is diving, it produce a whistling sound.

|see also = 
* [[wikipedia:Vought F4U Corsair|Vought F4U Corsair - Wikipedia]]
* [[wikipedia:ja:F4U (航空機)|F4U (航空機) - Wikipedia]] (Japanese link)

}}