{{Equipment

|en = 
The successor of the US Navy carrier fighter plane F4F Series that fought ruthlessly against Zeroes in the early days of the Great War, this is the initial mass production type of the F6F Series. Equipped with a high power engine as a main carrier fighter plane, it gradually overwhelmed the Zero Fighters.

|notes = 
* [[Thread:518634|November 2016 Ranking Reward]] for all ranks.
* Quest [[Quests#A80|A80]] offers this as a choice between two rewards.
* Quest [[Quests#B105|B105]] offers this as a choice between three rewards.
* Can be upgraded from [[F4F-4]] via [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]].

|trivia = 
* Although the F6F-3 was an entirely new design, it was referred to as "Wildcat's Big Brother" anyway due to its close resemblance to the F4F.
* It was specifically designed to counter the Zero fighter due to the latter outclassing the F4F Wildcat in everything except firepower, protection, and diving speed. After close examination of aerial combat between Zeros and Wildcats, pilot testimonies and logs and the [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Akutan_Zero Akutan Zero] that crashed in near perfect condition, Grumman and USN engineers were able to tailor build an aircraft that could counter the Zero's strengths and flying tactics to great effect. It wouldn't be until the development of [[Shiden Model 21 Shiden Kai|Shiden Kai]] for there to be serious competition for the F6F.

* In-game, it overpowers all base Zero fighters except for the IJN's most skilled fighter pilots. This makes sense, since the Hellcat outperformed all production versions of the Zero at the time of its introduction in mid-1943.
* The red outlines on the US roundels painted on the wings and fuselage were short-lived, and only applied to aircraft between late June and mid August 1943. The three-tone camouflage, on the other hand, would be applied from mid-1943 until mid-1944.
* Hellcats shot down about 5000 planes in the pacific war. It also has a kill ratio of 19:1, and produced the largest number of aces for the US Navy, at 305 pilots. It helped that the type was introduced at a time when Japan was losing experienced pilots, and when combat rotation for US pilots was starting to pay off.

|see also = 
* [http://www.boxartden.com/gallery/index.php/Profiles/Osprey-Aircam-Aviation-Series/19-Grumman-F6F F6F pictures, designs and history]

* [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=475CkkZQs0w&t=2305s Dogfights- The Zero Killer]

}}