{{Equipment

|en = 
The successor of the US Navy carrier fighter plane F4F Series that fought ruthlessly against Zeroes in the early days of the Great War, equipped with a high power engine as a main carrier fighter plane, this is the F6F Series early model night fighter. It is equipped with an onboard radar under the main wing, allowing it to perform night actions as a carrier-based night fighter plane.

|notes = 
* [[Thread:590035|July 2017 Ranking Reward]] for all ranks.
* Obtainable from quest [[Quests#F61|F61]].

|trivia = 
The main fighter of the USN converted for night operations, a number of F6F-3s were installed an AN/APS-6 Airborne Radar for escorting TBM Avengers for night attacks. Although they can perform night operations, they were most of the time not specifically used for that purpose as the pilots regularly still did daytime operations with the other normal F6F planes too or even continue into the night, leaving the pilot very fatigued. They were advised to sleep every chance the pilot got in case they were unexpectedly needed on duty.
* The radars were so expensive, delicate and complex that each one had to be made by hand. Though, It was a major improvement over the previous night fighter radar installed on the F6F-3E, the AN/APS-4, which wasn't really suited for a fighter and more in line with bombers like the [[TBM-3D]], which it had installed.

|see also = 
* [https://www.ibiblio.org/hyperwar/USN/ref/NightFighterRadars/APS-6PilotsManual.pdf AN/APS-6 radar operation instruction manual]

* [https://www.ibiblio.org/hyperwar/USN/ref/NightFighterRadars/USNFRadar2.html AN/APS-6 supplementary information]

* [https://www.ibiblio.org/hyperwar/USN/ref/NightFighterRadars/index.html#APS6 AN/APS-6 radar specifications]

* [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qb-obW2Hw-4 Dogfights-The Night Fighters: F6F-3N Hellcat Part 1]

* [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gWa_EZqDKH8 Dogfights-The Night Fighters: F6F-3N Hellcat Part 2]

}}