{{Equipment

|en = 
The carrier-based fighter who fought hard against the Zeroes during the beginning of the great war, the "F4F" Wildcat series. This "FM-2" is the improved later production model of the F4F, with high-altitude performance sacrificed in order to provide better maneuverability at lower altitudes, it served as a fine piece of multirole support fighter. It was operated by escort carriers built in a weekly basis, as well as being used in other operations. This time, it is introduced as a multirole support fighter for air-to-ship and air-to-ground purposes.
<!--
A carrier-based fighter of the F4F series that was outperformed by the Zero in the early days of the Pacific War. The FM-2 is a refined derivative of the F4F for late-war mass production, and a highly versatile machine which, despite a reduced high altitude performance, boasted spectacular flight improvements at low-level. The type operated from escort carriers, which were themselves mass-produced on a weekly basis. It is now available as a multi-role fighter-bomber capable of attacking ground and naval targets.
-->

|notes = 
* [[Thread:630074|December 2017 Ranking Reward]] for all ranks.

|trivia = 
A variant of the [[F4F-4]] Wildcat, the FM-2 came to be when Grumman discontinued their F4F series to focus production on the new [[F6F-3]] Hellcat, handing over production to General Motors. An improvement over the previous Wildcat models, the FM-2 was optimized for small carriers like CVEs (number of guns were reduced to 4 and the supercharger was downgraded), a natural fit because the Wildcat had a low landing speed and these ships could not operate the newer US fighters due to their much larger size and landing speed. Introduced in mid-1943, it was very rarely used on US fleet or light carriers as the squadrons based on them were in the process of switching over to the more advanced F6F Hellcat and F4U Corsair fighters and the larger bombers were better, so their purpose was relegated to ground support, submarine hunting, and shore attacks. Improvements done by GM made its climbing speed better than the much worse F4F-4 while also shaving off weight, a newer engine increasing horsepower and adding racks under the wings. It became the last and most numerous Wildcat variant of the war.
* 370 planes were delivered to the Royal Navy, known as Wildcat VI. The last air raid in Europe involved the FM-2 and also claims the last kill from the FAA by shooting down a Bf 109.
* Much like the [[Type 0 Fighter Model 62 (Fighter-bomber)]], it is a fighter-bomber in the game but it could also be used as a fighter in real life as it was essentially still a Wildcat.
* Tail markings are from VC-10 operating from [[wikipedia:USS Gambier Bay|USS Gambier Bay]].

|see also = 
* [[wikipedia:Grumman F4F Wildcat#FM-1/-2 Wildcat|General Motors FM-2 Wildcat - Wikipedia]]
* [[wikipedia:ja:F4F (航空機)#FM-2|FM-2 (航空機) - Wikipedia]] (Japanese link)
* [http://www.theshermantank.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/FM2-Pilots-Handbook-of-Flight-Operating-Instructions-F4F-Wildcat.pdf FM-2 pilot's instruction manual]

}}