{{Equipment

|en =
A two-seater carrier-based fighter plane from the country of black tea. It aimed at being usable in various roles, including reconnaissance and bombing, but there were issues with its maneuverability and speed, and couldn't secure air superiority. It was overwhelmed by Japanese carrier task force Zeros, and it gradually faded from being seen in action.

|notes =

|trivia =
*A development of the Fairey P.4/34 project, the Fulmar was intended as the replacement for the disastrously out-performed Fairey Battle.
*It was first tested in 1938, with the first production plane arriving in January 1940 through to December 1942, some 600 being built. The Mk II started production early 1941, and later in the war 100 or so were converted for night fighter use.
*Right from the start the Fulmar was not a match for other fighters, being designed partly for reconnaissance it had two seats, was large and was slow for a fighter. However it was a tough plane capable of long flight time, and had decent firepower.
*The Fulmar saw most of its action in the Mediterranean escorting convoys to Malta, effective against bombers it struggled against the Italian and German landbased fighters but still managed to achieve some victories and started the careers of several aces. Its long flight time meant it could be used in the CAP role effectively, especially as radar improved. The Fulmar also fought against the Zero in the Indian Ocean Raid but it was totally outmatched in the brief combat, however it did shoot down several Kates and Vals. Shortly after the plane was moved into night fighter, training and scouting roles as new aircraft arrived. It remained in service until early 1945.
*Despite the types poor reputation it ended its career with a ratio of 112 kills to 40 losses. Of the 600 built only one survives. 

|see also =
}}