{{Equipment

|en = The Fw 190 series were powerful and reliable fighters developed and mass-produced in a foreign land. Those fighters were designed by Professor Tank, and became commonly known as the Focke-Wulf. This plane has improved performance, as the original was gradually being overpowered by the Allied forces' newest planes and sheer numbers. It was employed in the faltering defense of home airspace and the Rhein, among others. The Fw 190 would later be succeeded by the Ta 152.

|notes = 
*[[Summer 2019 Event]] E-3 Medium/Hard reward.

|trivia = With the war going badly for the Germans in 1943, the need for a high-altitude fighter could no longer be brushed aside as the United State's deployment of the B-17 Flying Fortress in Europe was wreaking havoc over German aircraft factories and fuel depots. Before the US's involvement, the Fw 190 and Bf 109 could shoot down the UK's medium bombers and only struggled when the bombers flew to their maximum altitude, so there was no pressing need to address the issue as most fighting took place below 20,000ft. However, the US brought to the table heavy bombers which could reach heights of more than 30,000ft. With performance issues starting at more than 20,000ft, the Fw 190 A series was inadequate in dealing with the B-17s and with rumors of a new American high-altitude bomber in the works, there was no time to waste.

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kurt_Tank Kurt Tank], the designer of the Fw 190, had started looking for solutions to the altitude performance problem as early as 1941 by modifying Fw 190 A's with GM1 nitrous oxide, more cannons, rockets and even a new engine on the A-9 variant. These were not enough, so work was done in creating new versions of the Fw 190, the B version with a turbocharged BMW 801, the C version with turbocharged DB 603 and D version with a supercharged Jumo 213. The D version proved itself to be the best, so upgrades and improvements were applied to it such as a pressurized cabin, MW 50 injection for quick boosts, armored canopy, cannons and rockets. The Jumo 213 engine was longer, so the airframe was modified with a longer nose and the fuselage was lengthened to fit the oxygen bottles and to restore aircraft balance. It was also faster, produced more horsepower for quicker acceleration, climbed and dived faster at the expense of roll rate and slower low altitude speed. The various modifications to the Fw 190 were significant enough to designate a new aircraft type for future modifications, giving birth to the [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Focke-Wulf_Ta_152 Ta 152] to honor Tank's contributions to the Luftwaffe.

Entering service in mid-1944, the pilots were not so enthusiastic about the D-9 as it was clear it was not a next-generation Focke-Wulf and was an obvious stopgap for the upcoming Ta 152 but despite this, it was a direct upgrade from the A series and also the definitive version of the Fw 190. Pilots eventually noticed its superiority to the A series and grew to like it, however, the D-9 entered service too late in the war to make a difference, now having to face the P-51 Mustang bomber escort fighters and Spitfire Mk.IX, taking away focus from bomber hunting to face the immediate threat. It was an even match against both fighters but with deteriorating pilot skill and low fuel shortages being diverted to the jet fighters meant every battle was going to be a hard fought one. A total of just over 1,800 D-9s were produced until the end of the war.

*It was affectionately called ''Langnasen-Dora'' or Long-nose Dora.
*The plane's paint scheme is a reference to the ''Jagdgeschwader 2'' (JG 2) "Richthofen" fighter wing. They operated under the  ''Luftgaukommando III'' along with JG 26 to defend the northwest region of Europe. JG 2 specifically patrolled the area between Brest and the Somme, which is the area E-1 Summer 2019 Event takes place and a detachment of JG 2 patrolled San Pietro Clarenza, Sicily, which is one of the E-3 boss nodes. With only 120 total aircraft available, they would clash with the RAF over the English Channel and France fighting against their circus offensives to whittle down the JG 2's air power. By 1944, JG 2's commander and replacement commander were killed by the increasingly successful USAAF operations along with the more experienced pilots, leaving only mostly rookies. Their last participation was to break the stagnation at the Battle of the Bulge, managing only temporary success as the Allies were able to quickly replace the lost fighters with heavy losses to JG 2. It took weeks to become operational again but fuel was diverted away from them to go to the jet fighters, so they were effectively disabled. [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kurt_B%C3%BChligen Kurt Bühligen] was the highest scoring pilot of the JG 2 who flew exclusively for them.
*Due to the convoluted coding system of the German Air Ministry, it is difficult to say which staffe and gruppe the plane belongs to.
*A [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Armin_Faber fatal mistake] was made by a JG 2 pilot by accidentally landing on a British airfield after an intense air battle. It was the only Fw 190 captured in one piece and provided very valuable information to its characteristics and weaknesses as its superiority was causing many headaches.
*The camo omits the swastika that is suppose to be located on the tail.

|see also = [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Focke-Wulf_Fw_190_variants#Fw_190D Fw 190 D-9]

[https://boxartden.com/reference/gallery/index.php/Modeling-References/Aircraft-Profiles/Germany/World-War-Two/Focke-Wulf-Fw190D-Ta152-94/Fw190D-and-Ta152-94-_Page_01-960 Fw 190 D-9 further reading information 1] / [http://www.historyofwar.org/articles/weapons_focke-wulf_Fw_190D.html 2]

}}