{{Update|pagename={{{pagename|}}}
|banner = Wikia_2020_May_20th_Banner.png
|maintenance_start = {{Maintenance|start|short=true}}
|maintenance_end = {{Maintenance|end|short=true}}
}}
===General Changes===
*{{ShipLink|Fletcher}}, {{ShipLink|Gambier Bay}}, {{ShipLink|Samuel B. Roberts}}, and {{ShipLink|Perth}} now drop in normal world maps until the beginning of the [[Rainy Season 2020 Event]].
**{{ShipLink|Fletcher}}: Drops in [[3-4]] (for admirals who have no or one copy of her; low drop rate), and every [[World 6]] map.
**{{ShipLink|Gambier Bay}}: Drops in [[2-3]].
**{{ShipLink|Samuel B. Roberts}}: Drops in [[2-3]].
**{{ShipLink|Perth}}: Drops in [[2-4]].
*2 new [[Expedition|Expeditions]] have been implemented.
**【小笠原沖哨戒線】 (Type I Combat Expedition)
**【小笠原沖戦闘哨戒】 (Type II Combat Expedition)
**The theme of these expeditions is related to the upcoming [[Rainy Season 2020 Event]].
*{{ShipLink|Mikazuki/Kai}} can now equip Landing Crafts.
**This is in preparation for an upcoming [[Rainy Season 2020 Event]] map.
*The following pieces of equipment have been implemented:
**{{EquipmentLink|Tenzan Model 12A}}
**{{EquipmentLink|533mm Quintuple Torpedo Mount (Late Model)}}
**{{EquipmentLink|RUR-4A Weapon Alpha Kai}}
**{{EquipmentLink|Lightweight ASW Torpedo (Initial Test Model)}}
*{{EquipmentLink|SK Radar}} and {{EquipmentLink|SK + SG Radar}} now have visible fit bonuses when equipped on certain ships.
*The ship and equipment slot expansion limits have been increased by 10 and 40 respectively, bringing their respective expansion limits up to '''450''' and '''1960'''.

===Seasonal Changes===
*The ingame season has changed to the Rainy Season, meaning Rainy Season CGs and voicelines have been applied.
**{{ShipLink|Shinshuu Maru}}, {{ShipLink|Mikura}}, {{ShipLink|Perth}}, {{ShipLink|Houston}}, and {{ShipLink|Atlanta}} have all received Rainy Season voicelines.
*{{ShipLink|Johnston}}, {{ShipLink|Umikaze}}, {{ShipLink|Sazanami}}, and {{ShipLink|Ushio}} have received new flower bouquet CGs.
*{{ShipLink|Hayanami|text=Hayanami's}} Rainy Season CG has been revised.
*The [[Furniture]] shop selection has been updated, and includes new furniture items.
*The [[Furniture/Jukebox|Jukebox]] song order has been updated.

==={{ShipLink|Fletcher/Kai Mod.2}} Remodel===
{{SeasonalGallery|slideshow=true|Fletcher/Kai Mod.2}}
*Kai Mod.2 Upgrade: {{ShipLink|Fletcher/Kai Mod.2}}
**Requires Level 88+
**Requires 1 {{EquipmentLink|Remodel Blueprint|text=Blueprint}}.
**Requires 890 {{ammo}}, 445 {{steel}}, 30 {{Conmat}}, and 120 {{Devmat}}.
**An enhanced version of {{ShipLink|Fletcher/Kai}}, featuring higher firepower, anti-air, and anti-submarine stats.
**'''Can equip:'''
*** {{CommandFacility}}{{EquipmentLink|Fleet Command Facility|Striking Force Fleet Command Facility|size=150px}}

==={{ShipLink|Fletcher/Mk.II}} Remodel===
{{SeasonalGallery|slideshow=true|Fletcher/Mk.II}}
*Mk.II Upgrade: {{ShipLink|Fletcher/Mk.II}}
**Requires Level 90+
**Requires 445 {{ammo}}, 445 {{steel}}, 30 {{Conmat}}, and 180 {{Devmat}}.
**Can be converted back to {{ShipLink|Fletcher/Kai Mod.2}}.
**Has greatly enhanced anti-submarine capabilities compared to {{ShipLink|Fletcher/Kai Mod.2}}.
**'''Can equip:'''
*** {{CommandFacility}}{{EquipmentLink|Fleet Command Facility|Striking Force Fleet Command Facility|size=150px}}
*** {{ArmorEquipment}}{{EquipmentLink|Anti-torpedo Bulge (Medium)|New Kanhon Design Anti-torpedo Bulge (Medium)|Arctic Camouflage (+ Arctic Equipment)|link=List_of_Anti-Torpedo_Bulges_by_stats|text=Medium Buldges|size=100px}}
*** {{Sonar}}{{EquipmentLink|Type 0 Passive Sonar|text=Large Sonar|size=150px}}

===[[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]] Changes===
*{{EquipmentLink|Tenzan}} can now be improved when using the appropriate helper ship, and can be converted into the {{EquipmentLink|Tenzan Model 12A}} through the arsenal.
*{{EquipmentLink|12cm Single Gun Mount Kai 2}} can now be improved when using the appropriate helper ship.
*{{EquipmentLink|OS2U}} can now be improved when using the appropriate helper ship. Visible fit bonuses given by it will change depending on its improvement level.
*The helper ships that can be used to improve the {{EquipmentLink|Prototype Type 97 Torpedo Bomber Kai No. 3 Model E (w/ Type 6 Airborne Radar Kai)}} have been expanded. In addition, this plane can now be converted to the {{EquipmentLink|Tenzan Model 12A Kai (w/ Type 6 Airborne Radar Kai)}} with the appropriate helper ship.
*{{EquipmentLink|SK Radar}} can now be improved when using the appropriate helper ship. It can also be converted to the {{EquipmentLink|SK + SG Radar}} through the arsenal.
{{{!}} class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed wikitable" style="text-align: center; width:100%;"
! colspan="1" {{!}}{{new}}&{{updated}} Akashi's Improvement Arsenal: Equipment Tables
{{!}}-
{{!}}

{{ImprovementTableKai
|!new
|#
|Tenzan
|12cm Single Gun Mount Kai 2
|OS2U
|SK Radar
|custom_row_new_content = <h3>New Equipment</h3>
}}
{{!}}-
{{!}}
{{ImprovementTableKai
|!updated
|#
|Prototype Type 97 Torpedo Bomber Kai No. 3 Model E (w/ Type 6 Airborne Radar Kai)
|custom_row_updated_content = <h3>Updated Equipment</h3>
}}
{{!}}}

===New [[Quests]]===
{{Quest2|Sortie|Expedition|Exercise|filterIDs=B147 B148 B149 B150 B151 C44 D34}}