{{Update|pagename={{{pagename|}}}
|banner = Wikia_2020_March_27th_Banner.png
|maintenance_start = 27 March 2020 11:00
|maintenance_end = 27 March 2020 22:40
}}
===Seasonal Changes===
*The [[Hinamatsuri 2020 Mini-Event]] map and time-limited quests have been removed.
*All [[Seasonal/Hishimochi 2015|Hishimochi]] have been removed from player inventories.
*White Day voicelines and Autumn/Winter Casual CGs have been removed. Spring voice lines have been applied, with {{ShipLink|Grecale}}, {{ShipLink|Janus}}, {{ShipLink|Mikura}}, and others receiving new ones.
*The [[Furniture|furniture shop]] selection has been changed to match the current season.
*Some ships have received new "Spring Bouquet" CGs, including {{ShipLink|Akebono/Kai}}, {{ShipLink|Oboro/Kai}}, {{ShipLink|Etorofu/Kai}}, and {{ShipLink|Kongou/Kai Ni C}}.
*Akashi has received a new "Going Out" CG.
*Available time-limited ship drops have changed:
**The yearly {{ShipLink|Uzuki}} drop increase has been implemented.
**{{ShipLink|Gotland}}, {{ShipLink|Commandant Teste}}, and {{ShipLink|Kamoi}} time-limited drops have been implemented.
*New [[#New_Time-Limited_Quests|seasonal time-limited quests]] have been implemented.

===Equipment Changes===
*The visible fit bonuses given by the {{EquipmentLink|Searchlight}} have been increased.
*The visible fit bonuses given by {{EquipmentLink|Skilled Lookouts}} have been increased. They may also be equipped in a ship's [[Reinforcement Expansion]].
*[[List of Anti-Aircraft Fire Directors by stats|Anti-aircraft Fire Directors]] may now be equipped in a ship's [[Reinforcement Expansion]].
*The {{EquipmentLink|Type 91 Anti-Aircraft Fire Director}} is now craftable.
*{{ShipLink|Furutaka|Kako|link_class=Furutaka|text=Furutaka-class}}, {{ShipLink|Aoba|Kinugasa|link_class=Aoba|text=Aoba-class}}, {{ShipLink|Myoukou|Nachi|Ashigara|Haguro|link_class=Myoukou|text=Myoukou-class}}, {{ShipLink|Takao|Atago|link_class=Takao|text=Takao-class}}, {{ShipLink|Mogami|Mikuma|Suzuya|Kumano|link_class=Mogami|text=Mogami-class}}, and {{ShipLink|Tone|Chikuma|link_class=Tone|text=Tone-class}} cruisers now receive visible fit bonuses from the {{EquipmentLink|20.3cm (No.2) Twin Gun Mount}} and {{EquipmentLink|20.3cm (No.3) Twin Gun Mount}}.
**{{ShipLink|Myoukou|Nachi|Ashigara|Haguro|link_class=Myoukou|text=Myoukou-class}}, {{ShipLink|Takao|Atago|link_class=Takao|text=Takao-class}}, {{ShipLink|Mogami|Mikuma|Suzuya|Kumano|link_class=Mogami|text=Mogami-class}}, and {{ShipLink|Tone|Chikuma|link_class=Tone|text=Tone-class}} receive higher fit bonuses from the {{EquipmentLink|20.3cm (No.3) Twin Gun Mount}} when the gun is used in conjunction with a surface radar.
*{{ShipLink|Houshou}}, {{ShipLink|Taiyou}}, and {{ShipLink|Shinyou}} now receive greater fit bonuses from the {{EquipmentLink|Type 96 Fighter}} and {{EquipmentLink|Type 96 Fighter Kai}}.
*The Swordfish (Seaplane type) and the Swordfish Mk.III Kai (Seaplane Type) have been implemented through time-limited missions, and will be made available through other means in the future.

===[[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]] Changes===
*{{EquipmentLink|Laté 298B}} can now be improved when using the appropriate helper ship.
*{{EquipmentLink|Swordfish}} can now be improved when using the appropriate helper ship. It can also be converted to the {{EquipmentLink|Swordfish Mk.II (Skilled)}} through improvement.
*{{EquipmentLink|Swordfish (Seaplane Model)}} can now be improved when using the appropriate helper ship. It can also be converted to the {{EquipmentLink|Swordfish Mk.III Kai (Seaplane Model)}} through an arsenal quest.
{{{!}} class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed wikitable" style="text-align: center; width:100%;"
! colspan="1" {{!}}{{new}}&{{updated}} Akashi's Improvement Arsenal: Equipment Tables
{{!}}-

{{!}}

{{ImprovementTableKai
|!new
|#
|Laté 298B
|Swordfish
|Swordfish (Seaplane Model)
|custom_row_new_content = <h3>New Equipment</h3>
}}
{{!}}}

===[[Expedition]] Changes===
*Two new Combat Expeditions have been implemented:
**【南西諸島捜索撃滅戦】(南西諸島海域)
**【ラバウル方面艦隊進出】(南方海域)
*Some expedition requirements on the ingame UI that were previously incorrect have been fixed.

===[[Quest]] Changes===
*The Quests UI now includes tabs that can be used to filter quests by type (Composition, Sortie, Exercise, etc.).
*The [[Seasonal/Hishimochi 2015|Hishimochi]] x1 reward for completing [[Quests#B60|B60]] has been changed to [[Present Box]] x1.
*The Winter seasonal PvP quest has been replaced with the Spring seasonal PvP quest.
====New Permanent Quests====
{{Quest2|Sortie|Exercise|Expedition|filterIDs=B143 By3 By4 C43 D33}}
====New Time-Limited Quests====
{{Notice|The developers have stated that these quests will be available for about 2 months. Please plan accordingly.}}
{{Quest2|Seasonal|filterIDs=2003LQ1 2003LQ2}}
{{Update/Footer|pagename={{{pagename|}}}
}}