{{MultiTweet
|MultiTweetID = patch
|color = #ace
|title = Patch notes

|TL = {{User|Admiral Mikado}}

|link01 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1103948490357465088
|JP01 = 本日サーバを止めるな！で実施中の「艦これ」稼働全サーバ群メンテナンスに伴うプチアップデート情報をお知らせしていきます！ <br>01▼【家具屋さん】お品書きの更新 1/2 <br>来週はお返しの季節、ホワイトデー！【家具屋さんのお品書き】を更新、ホワイトデー季節家具などの取り扱いを開始します！
|EN01 = Don't stop the servers today! We're now going to post the patch notes of the mini update we carried out during today's KanColle server maintenance!<br>

01▼ Furniture Shop Inventory Update 1/2<br>
Next week is White Day, the season of giving back! We've updated the furniture shops inventory, which now features seasonal White Day furniture among other things!

|link02 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1103950314036584448
|JP02 = 02▼【家具屋さん】お品書きの更新 2/2 <br>ホワイトデー季節家具などの投入と共に、新たな【限定家具】も投入します！ <br>●提督の舷窓 new! (※ありそうでなかった新作！) <br>●「対馬」の掛け軸 new! (※家具コイン長者向け) <br>※「対馬」の掛け軸は、家具職人によるダイナミック割引可能っぽい！ぽん！
|EN02 = 02▼ Furniture Shop Inventory Update 2/2<br>
We haven't just added White Day furniture, but also a bunch of new, time-limited items!<br>
・Admiral's Porthole (new!) (※New creation that for some reason wasn't made until now)<br>
・ Tsushima's Wall Scroll (new!) (※For people who're swimming in furniture coins)<br>
※It's, like, totally possible to get a dynamic discount by using a furniture fairy! Just sayin'!

|link03 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1103952250852990976
|JP03 = 03▼艦娘【ホワイトデーボイス】期間限定実装開始！ <br>桃の節句も無事終わり、今年も艦娘【ホワイトデーボイス】期間限定実装の季節となりました！従来の同ボイス群はもちろん、新たに艦隊に加わった「日進」「峯雲」「早波」「Johnston」、そして「日振」「福江」「神鷹」らにも実装開始です！
|EN03 = 03▼ Implementation of time-limited "White Day" voice lines!<br>
Hinamatsuri has come to an end, and it's once again time the seasonal White Day voice lines! All previous voice lines are back, but now they also include lines by Nisshin, Minegumo, Hayanami, Johnston, Hiburi, Fukae and Shin'yō!

|link04 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1103953446527393794
|JP04 = 04▼艦娘【ホワイトデーボイス】期間限定実装の補足です！ <br>実装タイミング的に昨シーズンは「あれ？私、あげてないけど…」な艦娘だった、米正規空母「Intrepid」及び同護衛空母「Gambier Bay」などの艦娘【ホワイトデーボイス】、一部更新実装です！同空母群提督の皆さん、お待たせしました！
|EN04 = 04▼ Additional info regarding the White Day voice lines!<br>
The White Day voice lines of ship girls like the American aircraft carrier Intrepid as well as the escort carrier Gambier Bay, who due to the timing during which the lines were added last season were like "Huh? But I didn't give any...", have had some of their lines updated! Kept you waiting, huh?

|link05 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1103954620815106048
|JP05 = 05▼期間限定アイテム【艦娘へのクッキー】取り扱い開始です！ <br>アイテム屋さんで、期間限定アイテム【艦娘へのクッキー】、今年も取り扱い開始です。同クッキーは「間宮」券付きです！ <br>※攻略＆ゲーム進行には、特に購入する必要は全くありません。 <br>※同クッキーは謎の技術で保存が利きます。
|EN05 = 05▼ Cookies for Ship Girls Now On Sale For A Limited Time!<br>
Once again the item shop has started selling cookies for ship girls. The cookies also include a Mamiya coupon!<br>
※You really don't need this item to progress through the game.<br>
※The cookies don't expire because of some voodoo magic.

|link06 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1103956312549875712
|JP06 = 06▼【新任務】二種の実装！ <br>下記二種類の「新任務」を実装開始します。 <br>●水上艦艇装備工廠の整備 <br>●空母機動部隊、演習始め！ <br>※各任務の受諾には、トリガーとなる受諾条件の達成が必要です。 <br>※「水上艦艇装備工廠の整備」では、【特注家具職人】の獲得も可能です。
|EN06 = 06▼ Implementation of two new missions!<br>
The following two missions have been added.<br>
・Maintenance of the Surface Vessels' Equipment Arsenal<br>
・Carrier Task Force, Commence Exercises!<br>
※Each mission has its own unlock requirement.<br>
※The rewards of "Maintenance of the Surface Vessels' Equipment Arsenal" include a furniture fairy.

|link07 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1103958491985674240
|JP07 = 07▼既存【家具】の季節更新＆微更新について <br>とても細かい話で恐縮です。季節と食を感じる家具【鎮守府カウンターバー】が、桃の節句modeから通常状態に移行します。また、壁に飾る【試作艦戦ポスター】が本日の艦載機装備グラフィック一部微更新に伴い、僅か僅かに更新されます。
|EN07 = 07▼ Updates of Old Furniture<br>
These are just very small updates. The Naval Base Bar Counter has been changed from its Hinamatsuri version back to normal. Furthermore, the Fighter Prototype Poster that's been decorating the walls has also received small changes together with today's artwork changes to certain fighter aircraft.

|link08 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1103958949894619136
|JP08 = 08▼一部【艦載機】装備グラフィック等の微更新 <br>「九九式艦爆」 及び「九九式艦爆(熟練)」、「彗星」及び「彗星一二型甲」装備グラフィックを更新、また「烈風」及び「烈風改」装備グラフィック及び装備名を更新します。 <br>※性能は変わりません。 <br>※妖精さんもなるべく変わりません。
|EN08 = 08▼ Small Changes to Certain Fighter Aircraft Artworks etc.<br>
The artworks of the "Type 99 Dive Bomber", "Type 99 Dive Bomber (Skilled), "Suisei" and "Suisei Model 12A" have received small changes. Furthermore, "Reppū" as well as "Reppū Kai" have received both new artworks and new equipment names.<br>
※Their stats haven't been changed.<br>
※Their fairies haven't been changed either whenever possible.

|link09 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1103960017403752449
|JP09 = 09▼一部【艦載機】装備グラフィック等の微更新 (装備名更新の補足です) <br>旧「烈風」装備は、グラ及び装備名更新により、【試製烈風 後期型】に装備名が更新されます。また、旧「烈風改」も同様に、【烈風 一一型】に装備名が変更されます。 <br>※装備の【性能】自体は変わりません。
|EN09 = 09▼ Small Updates of Certain Fighter Aircraft etc. (Additional Info Regarding Name Changes)<br>
The old "Reppū" has received both a new artwork and a new name, and is now called "Prototype Reppū Late Model". Furthermore, the old "Reppū Kai" has also received a name change and is now called "Reppū Model 11".<br>
※Their stats haven't been changed.

|link10 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1103961510336843776
|JP10 = 10▼「試製烈風 後期型」及び「烈風 一一型」について <br>「烈風」系艦載機装備の装備名更新に伴い、一部装備図鑑テキスト、同グラフィック、一部任務のテキスト表示も微更新されます。 <br>※任務の内容自体は変わりません。 <br>※オレンジ色の「試製烈風 前期型」も今後の実装に向け、現在準備中です。
|EN10 = 10▼ Regarding "Prototype Reppū Late Model" as well as "Reppū Model 11"<br>
Due to the name changes to the Reppū planes we've also adjusted certain library entries, artworks and quest descriptions accordingly.<br>
※The missions themselves haven't changed.<br>
※We're also currently working on the orange "Prototype Reppū Early Model" and are going to implement it in the future.

}}