{{Update|pagename={{{pagename|}}}
|banner = 
|maintenance_start = {{Maintenance|start|short=true}}
|maintenance_end = {{Maintenance|end|short=true}}
}}
===General Changes===
{{Notice|The time-limited drops implemented with the 20th May update have '''NOT''' been removed with this maintenance.}}
*{{ShipLink|Oboro}} and {{ShipLink|Akebono}} have received "Celebration" CGs.
**These ships + {{ShipLink|Ushio}} and {{ShipLink|Sazanami}} have also had special homeport voicelines applied.
*The maximum expandable ship and equipment slot limit has been increased by 10 and 40, respectively.
**The maximum expandable ship slot limit is now '''460'''.
*The {{EquipmentLink|12cm Single High-angle Gun Mount Model E}} has been implemented.
**The stock equipment of {{ShipLink|Mikura|link_class=Mikura|text=Mikura-class}} and {{ShipLink|Hiburi|Daitou|link_class=Hiburi|text=Hiburi-class}} ships have been updated accordingly.
**The stock equipment of other [[DE|Coastal Defense Ships]], [[DD|Destroyers]], and [[CL|Light Cruisers]] have also been updated.
*The ingame Easter Egg has received multiple updates.

===Client Bugfixes===
*A bug related to communication errors when selecting planes in the [[LBAS|Land Base Aerial Support]] UI has been fixed.
*One can now use alternative input methods (such as a touchpad) when selecting nodes to sortie [[LBAS|Land Base Aerial Support]] bases.
*The {{EquipmentLink|Type 1 Land-based Attack Aircraft Model 22A}} card in the equipment library has now been fixed.
*The quest sorting UI on Android has received some fixes pertaining to display issues.
*The fleet preset UI has been fixed to resolve display issues in some environments.


===[[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]] Changes===
*{{EquipmentLink|12cm Single High-angle Gun Mount Model E}} can now be improved when using the appropriate helper ship.
{{{!}} class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed wikitable" style="text-align: center; width:100%;"
! colspan="1" {{!}}{{new}} Akashi's Improvement Arsenal: Equipment Tables
{{!}}-
{{!}}

{{ImprovementTableKai
|!new
|#
|12cm Single High-angle Gun Mount Model E
|custom_row_new_content = <h3>New Equipment</h3>
}}
{{!}}
{{!}}}