<tabber>Pre-Update tweets=
{{MultiTweet
|MultiTweetID = preUpdate
|color = #ace
|title = Pre Update

|link01 =https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1081730504724901889
|JP01 = 新春の「艦これ」では、現在冬イベ2019：期間限定海域【邀撃！ブイン防衛作戦】及び「新春特別任務」群を作戦展開中です。同作戦及び任務群は、次回「艦これ」稼働全サーバ群メンテナンス＆アップデート突入時まで！<br>
次回「艦これ」稼働全サーバ群メンテナンス＆アップデートは…(続きます)
|EN01 = The New Year's KanColle is currently running the Winter 2019 Event: Limited-time Operation [Assault! Buin Defense Operation] and the "New Year Special Quests".<br>
The Event and the Quests will only be available until the next KanColle Servers Maintenance and Updates!
<br>
The next KanColle Servers Maintenance and Updates... (To be Continued)
|TL01 = [[User:提督・ウサギ|Shinhwalee]]

|link02 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1081733030107013120
|JP02 = 次回「艦これ」稼働全サーバ群メンテナンス＆アップデートは、新春の連休を挟んで、【1/18(金)】実施を予定しています。<br>
そして明日1/7(月)は【七草粥】の日！鎮守府カウンターバーにも七草粥…という地味＆大切なアップデートを明日実施です。提督の皆さんもウコンや七草粥で胃腸のメンテを！
|EN02 = The next KanColle Servers Maintenance and Updates will take place on January 18th, Friday while keeping the New Year Holidays intact. 
<br>
Also tomorrow January 7th is the Day of 'Nanakusa Gayu (Seven Herb Rice Porridge)'! 
There will be a small live update for the Naval Base Counter Bar to have the Seven Herb Rice Porridge as well tomorrow.<br>
Admirals, please have some Turmeric and the Seven Herb Rice Porridge to maintain your Gastrointestinal!
|TL02 = [[User:提督・ウサギ|Shinhwalee]]

|link03 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1084292278921977857
|JP03 = 現在「艦これ」運営鎮守府は、「艦これ」の大事なマイルストーン、【節分】の準備を進めています。従来の艦娘「節分mode」や「セッツブーン」ボイス等はもちろんのこと、新たな艦娘【節分mode】も複数準備中！次回メンテナンス＆アップデートで期間限定投入予定！節分も…少しだけお楽しみに！
|EN03 = The KanColle development team is currently working a major milestone, Setsubun. All previous "Setsubun mode" CGs and "Setsubūn" voice lines are obviously going to return, but we're also preparing a whole lot of new Setsubun CGs! They're going to be added to the game for a limited time in the next maintenance & update! Setsubun might not be much, but we hope you're looking forward to it anyway!
|TL03 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link04 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1085338814346711040
|JP04 =「艦これ」運営鎮守府では、全稼働サーバ群の防衛と接続環境の維持確保に努めると共に、隙を見て【節分】アップデートの準備も進めていいます。節分は私たちにとって大切な季節の伝統行事！次回メンテナンスに伴うアップデートで投入予定！今年の【節分】も、元気に頑張っていきましょう！
|EN04 = While the KanColle development is currently working hard on defending the game servers and making sure you can connect to them, we're also busy with preparations for the upcoming Setsubun update. Setsubun is a very important tradition for us after all! It'll be implemented in the update during the next maintenance! Another year, another Setsubun to work towards!
|TL04 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link05 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1085696072054321152
|JP05 = 敵攻撃下での冬イベ2019：期間限定海域【邀撃！ブイン防衛作戦】、提督の皆さん、大変お疲れさまです＆恐縮です。本日時点の作戦海域の各出撃に対する攻略突破率はそれぞれ、前段作戦：第一作戦海域で約90%、同第二作戦海域は85%以上、後段作戦：最終作戦海域でも75%を大きく上回りました。
|EN05 = We commend all admirals who're participating in the Winter 2019 Event "Intercept! Operation 'Buin Defence'" while we're under attack, and apologise for the trouble those attacks have caused. As of now the clear rates of each event map are as follows:<br>
・E-1: ~90%<br>
・E-2: ~85%+<br>
・E-3: ~75%+
|TL05 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link06 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1085698102806245376
|JP06 = 現在作戦展開中の冬イベ【邀撃！ブイン防衛作戦】、現時点の各海域別最多選択作戦難易度は、前段作戦：第一作戦海域では圧倒的に【甲】作戦。次いで【乙】、【丙】【丁】の順。第二作戦海域も同じく圧倒的に【甲】作戦が最多。後段作戦：最終作戦海域は、現在は【甲】【丙】が伯仲しています。
|EN06 = As of now the most commonly selected difficulty level of each event map is as follows:<br>
・E-1: Overwhelmingly '''Hard''', followed by '''Medium''', '''Easy''' and '''Casual''', in this order.<br>
・E-2: Also overwhelmingly '''Hard'''.<br>
・E-3: '''Hard''' and '''Easy''' are roughly equal.
|TL06 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link07 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1085700017468235776
|JP07 = 「艦これ」稼働全サーバ群は、来週【1/22(火) 11:00～20:00】にメンテナンス＆アップデートを実施予定です。本メンテ突入を以て、現在作戦展開中の冬イベ2019及び新春特別任務は、全作戦終了の予定です。 (状況によってメンテ実施日時は変更の可能性があります。予めご了承頂けますと幸いです)
|EN07 = The KanColle servers are going to undergo maintenance next week on the 22nd January (Tuesday) from 11:00 until 20:00. The currently ongoing Winter 2019 Event as well as the New Year quests are both going to end when said maintenance begins. (Depending on the circumstances the maintenance date might change. Please keep this in mind.)
|TL07 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link08 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1086069595457282048
|JP08 = 「艦これ」次回稼働全サーバ群メンテナンス＆アップデートは来週【1/22(火)】に実施予定です。同メンテに伴うアップデートでは、家具屋さんのお品書きの更新も予定しています。気になる季節家具がある提督方は今のうちに！同更新では新しい【節分】家具も数多く実装予定。こちらもお楽しみに！
|EN08 =  The next KanColle server maintenance & update is slated for next week on the 22nd January (Tuesday). The update during said maintenance is going to include new items in the furniture shop's inventory. If you're interested in furniture of the current season, you better get it now! The inventory update includes not just old, but also new Setsubun-themed furniture. Look forward to it!
|TL08 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link09 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1086071682471620608
|JP09 = 今回の新しい【節分】家具群は、歴戦のdrewさん、アキラさん、藤川さん、そして現役の赤坂ゆづさんに継ぐ、現在「艦これ」運営鎮守府第十一水雷戦隊で練成中の若いイラストレーターが担当します！いつの日か「艦娘」イラストの母方としてデビューすることあらば、応援して頂けますと幸いです！
|EN09 = This time the new Setsubun furniture was drawn not by Drew, Akira or Fujikawa, who used to draw some items, or Akasaka Yuzu, who's now on active furniture duty, but a young illustrator who's currently undergoing training in the 11th torpedo squadron of the KanColle Administration's Naval Base! Someday she might even make her debut as a ship girl illustrator, so we hope that you'll support her!
|TL09 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link10 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1086076693553414144
|JP10 = 現在展開中の2019年【新春任務】も、来週のメンテナンス突入を以て作戦終了です。同新春任務群の最終任務を見事達成された提督方には、任務褒賞と共に「日進月歩」掛け軸が贈られます。冬イベ最深部新艦「日進」はbobさん、新春最終任務の「日進月歩」掛け軸は赤坂ゆづさんが担当しました！
|EN10 = The 2019 New Year quests will come to an end next week when the maintenance begins. Admirals who clear the final quest of that mission series receive not just the usual quest rewards, but also a "Steady Progress" wall scroll. Nisshin, the new ship from the final winter event map, was drawn by Bob, while the "Steady Progress" wall scroll from the final New Year quest was drawn by Akasaka Yuzu!
|TL10 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link11 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1086077882462425088
|JP11 = 「日進月歩」掛け軸を見事獲得された提督方でまだ飾ってみていない方は、お手すきの時に提督室に一度かけてみてください。同掛け軸をはほんの少しだけギミックが…。過ぎ行く時代に惜別を抱きつつ、今年も一日一日前進してまいりましょう！
|EN11 = If you have already obtained the "Steady Progress" wall scroll but haven't hung it up yet, you should give it a try when you're not busy. The wall scroll has a nifty little gimmick... It might not be easy to let got of times past, but let's try to move on day by day!
|TL11 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link12 = 
|JP12 = 
|EN12 = 
|TL12 = 
}}

|-|Update Tweets=
{{MultiTweet
|MultiTweetID = Update
|color = #ace
|title = Update


|link01 =
|JP01 = 
|EN01 = 
|TL01 = 

|link02 = 
|JP02 = 
|EN02 = 
|TL02 = 

|link03 = 
|JP03 = 
|EN03 = 
|TL03 = 

|link04 = 
|JP04 =
|EN04 = 
|TL04 = 

|link05 = 
|JP05 = 
|EN05 = 
|TL05 = 

|link06 = 
|JP06 = 
|EN06 = 
|TL06 = 

|link07 = 
|JP07 = 
|EN07 = 
|TL07 = 

|link08 = 
|JP08 = 
|EN08 = 
|TL08 = 

|link09 = 
|JP09 = 
|EN09 = 
|TL09 = 

|link10 = 
|JP10 = 
|EN10 = 
|TL10 =
}}

|-|Patch Notes=
{{MultiTweet
|MultiTweetID = patch
|color = #ace
|title = Patch notes

|link01 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1087660362927722499
|EN01 = We're now going to post patch notes of today's server update.
<br>
01▼ End of Winter Event & New Year quests<br>
The Winter 2019 "Intercept! Operation 'Buin Defence'" as well as the 2019 New Year quest series are now over. Good work, everyone!
|JP01 = 本日実施の「艦これ」稼働全サーバ群メンテナンスに伴う、アップデート情報をお知らせしてまいります。
<br>
01▼冬イベント：期間限定海域及び新春任務群の作戦完了<br>
冬イベ2019：期間限定海域【邀撃！ブイン防衛作戦】及び2019年【新春任務】群、全作戦完了致しました。大変お疲れさまでした！
|TL01 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link02 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1087661586381066241
|EN02 = 02▼ Removal of New Year CGs & voice lines<br>
The New Year CGs as well as voice lines have been removed as of today!<br>
This also includes Shiratsuyu's Casual Wear CG in which she'd been casually munching on potatoes, and the New Year menu of the naval base's counter bar. The time-limited CGs have been added to the ship girl library.
|JP02 = 02▼艦娘【晴着mode】＆【新春ボイス】実装終了！<br>
艦娘「晴着」mode及び「新春」ボイス期間限定実装、本日で実装終了です！<br>
また、何気にお芋を食べ続けた「白露」の「私服」mode、鎮守府カウンタバーの新春modeも、今年は本日で展開終了です。各艦娘限定modeは、艦娘図鑑に格納されます。
|TL02 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link03 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1087662519055835138
|EN03 = 03▼ New mysterious "Setsubun Beans" item added for a limited time!<br>
Setsubun. It's a very important seasonal tradition for our naval base. And during Setsubun we sow beans, and of course we need Setsubun Beans for that!<br>
We've now added the new item "Setsubun Beans" for a limited time. We'll explain the details later when introducing the quests! Out with the demon and in with the fortune!
|JP03 = 03▼謎の新アイテム【節分の豆】期間限定実装開始！<br>
節分。それは、私達の鎮守府にとっても、とても大切な季節の行事。そして、節分といえば「豆まき」、それには【節分の豆】が必要です！<br>
謎の新アイテム「節分の豆」期間限定実装開始。詳細は後述【任務】でご案内致します！鬼は外！福は内！
|TL03 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link04 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1087663793537089536
|EN04 = 04▼ Addition of time-limited Setsubun voice lines!<br>
This year it's once again time for the Setsubun voice lines!<br>
This time also includig new mysterious seasonal voice lines by Agano, Noshiro, Yahagi, Sakawa, as well as Kirishima, Nelson, Gotland, Ise Hiyō and many more! Setsubun is pretty important after all!
|JP04 = 04▼艦娘【節分ボイス】期間限定実装開始！<br>
今年も艦娘「節分ボイス」が期間限定実装開始です！さらに新収録の「阿賀野」「能代」「矢矧」「酒匂」の謎の追加季節ボイスに加えて、「霧島」にも追加実装、「Nelson」「Gotland」「伊勢」「飛鷹」などに続々新規実装開始！節分は…とっても大事！
|TL04 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link05 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1087664560859828225
|EN05 = 05▼ Furniture shop inventory update 1/2<br>
The furniture shop's inventory has been updated, now featuring seasonal Setsubun items including new ones.<br>
・Naval Base Setsubun Decoration (new!)<br>
・Setsubun Bean Sowing Set<br>
・Auspicious Wallpaper that separates the seasons (new!)<br>
・Setsubun Mats & Japanese Carpet (new!)<br>
・"Setsuboon" Wall Scroll<br>
・"Mutsuki & Kisaragi" Paulownia Cabinet<br>
|JP05 = 05▼【家具屋さん】お品書きの更新 1/2<br>
家具屋さんのお品書きが更新され、新家具含む【節分の季節家具】などが実装されます。<br>
・鎮守府節分飾り　new!<br>
・節分「豆まき」セット<br>
・季節を分ける福の壁紙　new!<br>
・節分の畳と和絨毯　new!<br>
・「セッツブーン」掛け軸<br>
・「睦月&如月」の桐箪笥
|TL05 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link06 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1087664790816808960
|EN06 = 06▼ Furniture shop inventory update 2/2<br>
・Spring Show Window<br>
・Ehōmaki Kitchen<br>
・Jukebox<br>
・Kettle Stove<br>
・Artisan-made Holly Setsubun Wall (new!)<br>
・Setsubun Wallpaper<br>
・Admiral Writing Desk<br>
・Grownups' Setsubun Set<br>
・Traditional Setsubun Cabinet (new!)<br>
Furthermore, you'll also be able to obtain the new "Setsubun Window" from the time-limited Setsubun quests that were added today!
|JP06 = 06▼【家具屋さん】お品書きの更新 2/2<br>
・立春の飾り窓　new!<br>
・恵方巻のキッチン<br>
・ジュークボックス<br>
・やかんストーブ<br>
・職人仕上げ柊節分壁　new!<br>
・節分の壁紙<br>
・提督文机<br>
・大人の節分セット<br>
・節分和箪笥　new!<br>
また、本日実装の期間限定節分任務で新作【節分窓 new!】も獲得可能です！
|TL06 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link07 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1087664909997854720
|EN07 = 07▼ Additional info regarding furniture!<br>
※It's just some minor details, but the admiral's mahjong table is now in Setsubun Mode.<br>
※The Naval Base's Jukebox track list order has been updated.<br>
※Any furniture with New Year or Rice Porridge modes has been returned to normal!<br>
※"Northern Princess" is now in Setsubun Mode and a bit nervous for some reason!<br>
|JP07 = 07▼【家具】関連他の補足事項です！<br>
※細かくてすみません、「提督の麻雀卓」が節分modeに移行します。<br>
※鎮守府ジュークボックスの曲順が更新されます。<br>
※各家具のお正月/七草粥modeは終了、通常運転に戻ります！<br>
※「北方棲姫」が新規実装の「節分mode」差分で何気にソワソワしています！
|TL07 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link08 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1087665216131805184
|EN08 = 08▼ Addition of time-limited Setsubun mission series!<br>
Including the extra quest, a grand total of four mysterious Setsubun quests have been added to the game.<br>
・Setsubun Mission: "Setsubun Exercises!"<br>
・Setsubun Mission: "Naval Base Sea: South-Western Area Defence Operation"<br>
・Setsubun Mission: "Northern Sea: Formidable Reconnaissance Operation"<br>
・Extra Setsubun Mission: "Southern Sea: Decisive Fleet Battle"<br>
|JP08 = 08▼【節分任務群】の期間限定実装開始！<br>
拡張任務を含む計四種類の謎の【節分任務群】が期間限定実装されます。<br>
●【節分任務】節分演習！<br>
●【節分任務】鎮守府海域 南西方面防衛作戦<br>
●【節分任務】北方海域 威力偵察作戦<br>
●【節分拡張任務】南方海域 艦隊決戦
|TL08 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link09 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1087665392858804224
|EN09 = 09▼ Additional info regarding the Setsubun mission series!<br>
※You're guaranteed to get Setsubun Beans by clearing the Setsubun quests.<br<
※Setsubun Beans are stored in the expanded item menu and only for the duration of this event.<br>
※If you click on the Setsubun Beans, you'll open the Bean Sowing menu where you can obtain new furniture and land-based bombers among other things!<br>
|JP09 = 09▼【節分任務群】の補足事項です！<br>
※「節分任務」を達成することで、【節分の豆】を確実に獲得可能です。<br>
※【節分の豆】は拡張アイテム欄に節分期間のみ格納/保存されます。<br>
※【節分の豆】をクリックすることで節分【豆まき】パネルが展開、新家具や陸攻などを獲得することが可能です！
|TL09 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link10 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1087665808879190016
|EN10 = 10▼ Akashi's Improvement Arsenal update<br>
A new item has been added to Akashi's modding menu.<br>
You'll now be able to improve the "533mm Quintuple Torpedo Mount (Initial Model)" with the help of certain ship girls.<br>
※The equipment you can improve changes depending on the secretary ship as well as day of the week.
|JP10 = 10▼【改修工廠(明石の工廠)】新改修メニュー追加実装＆更新<br>
改修工廠(明石の工廠)において改修可能メニューが拡張されます。<br>
ある艦娘たちがサポートすることで<br>
【533mm五連装魚雷(初期型)】<br>
の強化改修が可能となります。<br>
※改修可能装備は秘書艦及び曜日によって変化します。<br>
|TL10 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link11 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1087665932632088577
|EN11 = 11▼ Changes to regular maps! 1/2<br>
The following maps' EXP values you can gain in their deeper parts have been buffed:<br>
・2-5<br>
・7-2<br>
・5-3<br>
・5-5<br>
・6-4 <br>
|JP11 = 11▼通常海域の一部更新！ 1/2<br>
●南西諸島海域「沖ノ島沖」<br>
●南西海域「タウイタウイ泊地沖」<br>
●南方海域「サブ島沖海域」<br>
●南方海域「サーモン海域北方」<br>
●中部海域「中部北海域ピーコック島沖」<br>
各作戦海域の深部一部取得経験値の上方修正を実施します。<br>
|TL11 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link12 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1087666005130698752
|EN12 = 12▼ Changes to regular maps! 2/2<br>
We made small changes to enemy fleets in 7-2 that led to unexpected behaviour.<br>
Also, due to the changes we made to the Abyssal Princess of the South, we slightly nerfed the setup of her escort fleets in 5-3 & 5-5.
|JP12 = 12▼通常海域の一部更新！ 2/2<br>
南西海域「タウイタウイ泊地沖」敵艦隊編成細部に仕様外挙動があり、こちらを微修正します。<br>
今季冬イベから南方海域の深海姫級近代化改修により、<br>
●南方海域「サブ島沖海域」<br>
●南方海域「サーモン海域北方」<br>
の同随伴艦隊の構成を一部弱体化を実施します。
|TL12 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link13 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1087666074693201921
|EN13 = 13▼ Soviet "130mm B-13 Twin Gun Mount" buff<br>
The Soviet small-caliber main armament "130mm B1-3 Twin gun Mount" now provides additional bonuses on top of its original fit bonuses when equipped by certain ship girls.<br>
※These bonuses are visible on the stat screen.
|JP13 = 13▼ソ連艦装備「130mm B-13連装砲」の能力向上<br>
ソ連艦小口径主砲兵装「130mm B-13連装砲」を従来のフィット補正に加えて、<br>
ある艦に搭載した場合、より高い戦闘能力を発揮します<br>
※同戦力向上は数値で可視化できます。
|TL13 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link14 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1087666244042420224
|EN14 = 14▼ Soviet "533mm Triple Torpedo Mount" buff<br>
The Soviet torpedo armament "53mm Triple Torpedo Mount" now provides additional bonuses on top of its original fit bonuses when equipped by certain ship girls.<br>
※These bonuses are visible on the stat screen.
|JP14 = 14▼ソ連艦装備「533mm 三連装魚雷」の能力向上<br>
ソ連艦魚雷兵装「533mm 三連装魚雷」を従来のフィット補正に加えて、ある艦に搭載した場合、より高い戦闘能力を発揮します<br>
※同戦力向上は数値で可視化できます。
|TL14 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link15 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1087666395066773504
|EN15 = 15▼ "Type 3 Active Sonar" buff<br>
The "Type 3 Active Sonar" now provides additional ASW power on top of its original fit bonuses when equipped by certain destroyers.<br>
※This bonus is visible on the stat screen.
|JP15 = 15▼アクティブソナー「三式水中探信儀」の能力向上<br>
我がアクティブソナー「三式水中探信儀」を従来のフィット補正に加えて、ある駆逐艦に搭載した場合、より高い対潜戦闘能力を発揮します。<br>
※同戦力向上は数値で可視化できます。
|TL15 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link16 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1087666460418203648
|EN16 = 16▼ Small mass-produced anti-air radar "Type 13 Air Radar Kai" buff<br>
The improved version of our small mass-produced anti-air radar "Type 13 Air Radar Kai" now provides additional bonuses on top of its original fit bonuses when equipped by certain ships.<br>
※These bonuses are visible on the stat screen.<br>
|JP16 = 16▼小型量産対空電探「13号対空電探改」の能力向上<br>
我が小型量産対空電探の改良型「13号対空電探改」を従来の能力に加えて、ある艦艇に搭載した場合、より高い戦闘能力を発揮します。<br>
※同戦力向上は数値で可視化できます。
|TL16 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link17 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1087666511991398400
|EN17 = 17▼ Whoopsie-daisy! We fixed Nisshin's slot numbers!<br>
We fixed a bug regarding Nisshin's plane slot sizes.<br>
※We fixed Nisshin Kai displaying the wrong number of total plane slots. The correct value is 28!<br>
※She can yield large flying boats like a demon, but only 1 boat per slot (Excess bauxite has been returned to the naval base)!
|JP17 = 17▼ごめんなさい！「日進」の運用機数関連の不具合修正！<br>
「日進」の運用機数関連不具合を修正します。<br>
※「日進改」通常搭載機数表示不具合を修正します。正しくは最大28機です！<br>
※鬼のように大型飛行艇を運用していますが、正しくは1装備スロット1機です(同ボーキは鎮守府に返納します)！
|TL17 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link18 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1087666654807347202
|EN18 = 18▼ The following ship girls' stats have been buffed:<br>
・Maikaze Kai: ASW<br>
・Yamakaze Kai: ASW<br>
・Aquila Kai: Max Armour, Max Firepower, Max Luck<br>
・Warspite Kai: Max Luck<br>
・Nisshin A: Max Luck<br>
|JP18 = 18▼【艦娘】の一部上方修正です！<br>
●「舞風改」の【対潜】能力を上方修正。<br>
●「山風改」の【対潜】能力を上方修正。<br>
●「Aquila改」の【装甲max】上方微修正、及び【火力max】【運max】を上方修正。<br>
●「Warspite改」の【運max】を上方修正。<br>
●「日進甲」の【運max】を上方修正。
|TL18 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link19 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1087668163414654976
|EN19 = 19▼ Miscellaneous changes/fixes!<br>
※Winter Event ship girls now compatible with Naval Base Counter Bar and Secretary's & Admiral's Desk!<br>
※Fixed Johnston's position in the sorting algorithm!<br>
※Fixed bug that led to unexpected behaviour in Akashi's Arsenal when playing on Android.
|JP19 = 
19▼その他の細部更新/修正です！<br>
※冬イベ新艦娘「鎮守府カウンタバー」及び「秘書艦と提督の机」対応開始！<br>
※「Johnston」ソート位置が仕様通りになっていない迷子症状を修正！<br>
※Android版の「明石の工廠」が一部仕様通りに挙動しない症状の修正。
|TL19 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link20 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1087668750973714432
|EN20 = 20▼ New Setsubun CGs for Special Type Destroyer Sisters "Amagiri" & "Sagiri"!<br>
President or not, out with the demon, in with the fortune! Right, Sagiri?<br>
......with that said, this season the special type destroyer sisters "Amagiri" & "Sagiri" join the Setsubun CG fun! Please take good care of them!
|JP20 = 20▼特型駆逐艦「天霧」「狭霧」姉妹に艦娘【節分mode】新規実装！<br>
大統領だって鬼は外！福は内だぜッ！なぁ、狭霧？……という訳で特型駆逐艦「天霧」「狭霧」姉妹に、今季より艦娘【節分mode】新規実装です！節分期間の特型駆逐艦も、どうぞよろしくお願い致します！
|TL20 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link21 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1087669486449086464
|EN21 = 21▼ New Setsubun CG for Coastal Defence Ship "Etorofu"!<br>
This season Etorofu-class coastal defence ship "Etorofu" also joins in on the Setsubun CG fun!<br>
We also kinda forgot to announce the voice actress of her sister ship "Fukae", but since the upcoming Comptiq issue that'll be released early next month is going to be a very large KanColle issue, we're going to announce her then!
|JP21 = 21▼海防艦「択捉」にも艦娘【節分mode】新規実装！<br>
択捉型海防艦「択捉」にも今季より艦娘【節分mode】新規実装です！同姉妹艦の「福江」の担当CVですが、なんとなく発表の機会を逸していましたが、来月上旬発売のコンプティークさんが鬼のような「艦これ」特集なので、そこで発表予定です！
|TL21 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link22 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1087670945551048705
|EN22 = 22▼ New Setsubun CG for Asashio-class destroyer "Minegumo"!<br>
What, of course she's a member of the Asashio-class! And she's also getting a Setsubun CG! Please take good care of the Asashio-class and DesDiv 9!
|JP22 = 22▼朝潮型駆逐艦「峯雲」、艦娘【節分mode】新規実装です！<br>
え？もちろん朝潮型です！朝潮型駆逐艦「峯雲」、艦娘【節分mode】新規実装開始です！節分の季節、立春の朝潮型、そして第九駆逐隊もどうぞ、よろしくお願い致します！
|TL22 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link23 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1087671516303581184
|EN23 = 23▼ New Setsubun CG for Agano-class light cruiser "Agano"!<br>
Agano, the nameship of the cutting-edge Agano-class light cruisers. She's been waiting for so long, and now she's finally received her Setsubun CG! Please take good care of her, her sisters, and everyone else!
|JP23 = 23▼阿賀野型軽巡「阿賀野」、遂に艦娘【節分mode】実装開始です！<br>
阿賀野型最新鋭軽巡、その一番艦「阿賀野」。満を持して、艦娘【節分mode】新規実装開始です！節分の最新鋭軽巡姉妹、そして全ての艦娘たちを、どうぞよろしくお願い致します！
|TL23 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

}}

|-|Post-maintenance tweets=
{{MultiTweet
|MultiTweetID = postmaint
|color = #ace
|title = Post-maintenance tweets

|link01 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1087686174083174401
|EN01 = Additional info incoming!<br>
If you equip Nisshin with a large flying boat and her slot size becomes 1, then switch back to regular seaplanes, you can recover her old slot size by resupplying her.
|JP01 = こちら、補足致します！<br>
「日進」で大型飛行艇を運用して搭載機数が「1」になった場合、通常の水上機に運用を再度変更した際は、【補給】(または出撃後の【補給】)によって搭載機数は各スロットの最大値に復活します。
|TL01 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link02 = 
|EN02 = 
|JP02 = 
|TL02 = 

|link03 = 
|EN03 = 
|JP03 = 
|TL03 = 
}}
</tabber>