<tabber>Pre-Update tweets=
{{MultiTweet
|MultiTweetID = preUpdate
|color = #ace
|title = Pre Update

|link01 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1185011108924416000
|JP01 = 提督の皆さん、お疲れさまです！<br>
次回「艦これ」稼働全サーバ群メンテナンス＆アップデートは、来週金曜日を予定しています。今年は秋刀魚が不漁ではありますが…現在ある実装準備も鋭意進めています。本日も美味しい金曜カレーを食べて、曜日感覚と元気を補給して頑張ってまいりましょう！
|EN01 = Greetings, admirals!<br>
The next KanColle server maintenance & update are slated for Friday next week. Sauries are scarce this year, but... we're still  working on bringing them back in some shape or form. Meanwhile we're going to enjoy our Friday curry and replenish some energy as the week is coming to an end.
|TL01 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link02 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1186841344586575872
|JP02 = 提督の皆さん、お疲れさまです！<br>
呉に行かれた提督も大変お疲れさまでした！「艦これ」次回の稼働全サーバ群メンテナンス＆アップデートは、今週金曜日10/25(金)実施を予定しています。今秋は秋刀魚が不漁ではありますが…でも、大丈夫！本日も元気に頑張ってまいりましょう！
|EN02 = Greetings, admirals!<br>
A huge thank you to all the admirals who visited Kure! The next KanColle server maintenance & update are slated for this Friday (25th October). Sauries are scarce this time around, but fret not! We got this!
|TL02 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link03 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1186842717411659776
|JP03 = 「艦これ」稼働全サーバ群は、【10/25(金)】に重メンテナンス＆アップデートを実施予定です(サーバ保守・データの整合性確認＆バックアップ等も実施します)。そして…今年は秋刀魚が不漁ではありますが、大丈夫！鰯が比較的豊漁です！今秋は【鎮守府秋刀魚＆鰯祭り】を期間限定実装予定です！

|link04 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187161289866350594
|JP04 = 「艦これ」稼働全サーバ群は、明日【10/25(金) AM11:00】より、秋のメンテナンス＆アップデートを実施予定です。メンテ完了時刻は、同日【22:00】を予定しています。提督の皆さん、お手数をお掛けします。ご協力、どうぞよろしくお願い致します！
|EN04 = The autumn season's server maintenance & update are slated to begin tomorrow (25th October) at 11:00. The maintenance is planned to end at 22:00. We apologise for the inconvenience and hope for your cooperation.
|TL04 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link05 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187528840886677504
|JP05 = 「艦これ」稼働全サーバ群は、本日この後【11:00】より、秋の重メンテナンス＆アップデートに突入致します。同メンテナンス完了時刻は、【22:00】を予定しています。提督の皆さん、お手数をお掛けして恐縮です。メンテ突入前にブラウザを閉じ、「艦これ」を一旦終了して頂けますと幸いです。
|EN05 = The KanColle servers will go offline for the large autumn season maintenance & update starting today at 11:00. We apologise for the inconvenience. We kindly ask you to close the game before the maintenance begins.
|TL05 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

}}

|-|Update Tweets=
{{MultiTweet
|MultiTweetID = Update
|color = #ace
|title = Update
|TL = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link01 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187549481203421184
|JP01 = メンテナンス状況：稼働各サーバ群は、秋の重メンテナンス＆アップデートに突入しました！<br>
「艦これ」稼働全サーバ群は重メンテナンス＆アップデート作業に突入、同初期シークエンスを開始しました！進捗状況は随時お知らせするように努めます。本日もお互いに頑張ってまいりましょう！
|EN01 = Maintenance status: Servers are now down for the large autumn season maintenance & update!<br>
We have just entered the first phase of our work on the large KanColle server maintenance & update! We'll try to keep you posted on our progress.

|link02 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187588899956117504
|JP02 = メンテナンス状況：稼働各サーバ群は、メンテナンス＆アップデート作業を実施中です。<br>
現在「艦これ」稼働全サーバ群は、重メンテナンス＆アップデート作業を実施中です。作業は中盤のシークエンスに移行しつつあります。本日のメンテナンス作業に伴うアップデートでは…(続きます)。
|EN02 = Maintenance status: Server maintenance & update in progress.<br>
The KanColle server maintenance & update are currently in progress. We're about to reach the halfway point of our work schedule. In the update that we're carrying out during this maintenance... (TBC)

|link03 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187590627254386688
|JP03 = 艦隊型駆逐艦の主力オブ主力として、陽炎型を改良設計して整備された夕雲型駆逐艦。厳しく哀しい戦いの中で、その全艦が戦没した夕雲型駆逐艦最後の一隻。戦いを傷を癒すことなく、戦艦「大和」、軽巡「矢矧」らと共に沖縄救援のために出撃した、ある夕雲型駆逐艦【改二】改装を実装予定です！
|EN03 = The Yūgumo-class destroyers were built as an improved design of the Kagerō-class and intended as the main force among the main force that were the fleet-type destroyers. Amidst a harsh and excruciating war during which all of them sank in the end, the last surviving Yūgumo-class destroyer sortied on a rescue mission to Okinawa together with the battleship "Yamato" and the light cruiser "Yahagi" without tending to her injuries. Said Yūgumo-class destroyer is receiving her second remodel!

|link04 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187646181561618433
|JP04 = メンテナンス状況：稼働各サーバ群は、メンテナンス＆アップデート作業を実施中です。<br>
現在「艦これ」稼働全サーバ群は、秋の重メンテナンス＆アップデート作業を実施中です。作業は後半のシークエンスに移行しました。今年は残念ながら…秋刀魚はかなりの不漁です。でも、大丈夫！(続きます)
|EN04 = Maintenance status: Server maintenance & update in progress.<br>
The KanColle servers are currently undergoing a heavy autumn season maintenance & update. We have now passed the halfway point of our work schedule. Sauries are unfortunately rather scarce this year. But fret not! (TBC)

|link05 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187650099666542592
|JP05 = 今年は残念ながら「秋刀魚」はかなりの不漁です。でも、大丈夫！【鰯(イワシ)】は比較的豊漁です！本メンテナンスに伴う、アップデート完了を以て、期間限定実装【鎮守府秋刀魚＆鰯祭り】開催予定です！
|EN05 = Sauries are unfortunately rather scarce this year. But fret not! There are plenty of sardines in comparison! With that said, the time-limited "Naval Base Saury & Sardine Festival" is going to begin as soon as the maintenance & update are fini

|link06 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187675923513896961
|JP06 = メンテナンス状況：稼働各サーバ群は、メンテナンス＆アップデート作業を実施中です。<br>
現在「艦これ」稼働全サーバ群は、秋の重メンテナンス＆アップデート作業を実施中です。作業は最終シークエンスの手前まで進捗しています。21:30前後から本日のアップデート情報をお知らせする予定です！
|EN06 = Maintenance status: Server maintenance & update in progress.<br>
The KanColle servers are currently undergoing a heavy autumn season maintenance & update. We're nearing the final phase of our work schedule. We're going to post the patch notes of today's update at around 21:30!

}}

|-|Patch Notes=
{{MultiTweet
|MultiTweetID = patch
|color = #ace
|title = Patch notes
|TL = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link01 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187709402268061697
|JP01 = 本日【10/25(金)】実施中の「艦これ」稼働全サーバ群メンテナンスに伴う、<br>
アップデート情報をお知らせしていきます。<br>
01▼夕雲型駆逐艦「朝霜」【改二】改装の実装<br>
夕雲型駆逐艦「朝霜」のさらなる改装【朝霜改二】を実装します。<br>
※同改装には「戦闘詳報」及び「改装設計図」等が必要です。
|EN01 = We're now going to post the patch notes of the currently still ongoing October 25 server maintenance & update.<br>
01▼ Implementation of Yūgumo-class destroyer Asashimo's second remodel<br>
We're implementing Yūgumo-class destroyer Asashimo's further remodel, "Asashimo K2".<br>
※ Said remodel requires an Action Report and a Blueprint among other things.

|link02 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187709745991274497
|JP02 = 02▼改夕雲型駆逐艦【朝霜改二】の運用特性について<br>
最後の甲型駆逐艦、夕雲型のさらなる改修型である精強な艦隊型駆逐艦【朝霜改二】。様々な装備と共に、夕雲型改二各艦と同様に「12.7cm連装砲D型改二」及び「61cm四連装(酸素)魚雷後期型」の運用によって、戦闘力のさらなる向上が可能です。
|EN02 = 02▼ Regarding remodelled Yūgumo-class destroyer Asashimo K2's unique traits<br>
Asashimo K2 is a powerful fleet-type destroyer that was improved further from the last Type-A destroyers that were the Yūgumo-class. As with several other pieces of equipment, it is possible to increase her combat prowess even further by equipping her with the "12.7cm Twin Gun Mount Model D Kai Ni" as well as "61cm Quadruple (Oxygen) Torpedo Mount Late Model", as is the case with all Yūgumo-class K2 ships.

|link03 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187709921464217602
|JP03 = 03▼【朝霜改二】専用ボイス実装！<br>
戦艦「大和」を護る「矢矧」率いる最後の二水戦の一翼として出撃した「朝霜」。同改二改装【朝霜改二】実装と共に、彼女の母港ボイス、出撃ボイス、被弾ボイスに「朝霜改二」専用ボイスを実装します。
|EN03 = 03▼ Implementation of Asashimo K2-exclusive voice lines!<br>
Asashimo sortied as part of the last DesRon 2 that was led by Yahagi in order to protect the battleship Yamato. We're adding K2-exclusive home port, sortie and damage voice lines.

|link04 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187711238458896384
|JP04 = 04▼「朝霜改」「朝霜改二」に【時報ボイス】実装！<br>
厳しい戦況に次々に斃れていく夕雲型。その中で夕雲型最後の一隻として戦い続けた「朝霜」。【朝霜改二】実装と共に、「朝霜改」「朝霜改二」に【時報ボイス】を実装開始します！あたい達のこと…忘れんなよ……なあ！
|EN04 = 04▼ Implementation of hourly voice lines for Asashimo Kai & K2<br>
One after another the Yūgumo-class met an untimely end during the harsh war. Asashimo was the last one among her sisters to sink, yet she kept fighting until then. Together with her K2 we're also adding hourly voice lines for her Kai and K2 remodels!<br>
" Don't you dare forget us... you hear me!?"

|link05 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187712526152167425
|JP05 = 05▼【家具屋さん】お品書きの更新等 1/2<br>
家具屋さんのお品書きが更新され、下記の季節家具等の取り扱いが開始されます。<br>
・鎮守府秋刀魚祭り<br>
・秋刀魚祭りの壁<br>
・秋刀魚祭りの床板<br>
・鹿のオブジェ<br>
・花飾りのステンドグラス<br>
・小さな観葉植物<br>
・戦艦映画ポスター<br>
・月夜海の蓄音機
|EN05 = 05▼ Furniture shop inventory update 1/2<br>
The furniture shop's inventory has been updated and is now featuring the following seasonal items among other things.<br>
・ Naval Base Saury Festival<br>
・ Saury Festival Wall<br>
・ Saury Festival Floorboard<br>
・ Deer Object d'Art<br>
・ Stained Glass with Flower Decoration<br>
・ Small Decorative Plant<br>
・ Battleship Film Poster<br>
・ Moonlit Sea Gramophone

|link06 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187712608775757824
|JP06 = 06▼【家具屋さん】お品書きの更新等 2/2<br>
・秋刀魚の食卓<br>
・提督の作る食卓<br>
・「赤城」模型と桐箪笥<br>
・航空母艦ステンドグラス<br>
・晩秋の高級和窓<br>
・一九式大漁旗　※鎮守府秋刀魚＆鰯祭り <br>
※今秋新作の大漁旗は、本日から開催される期間限定：鎮守府秋刀魚＆鰯祭りで獲得することが可能です！
|EN06 = 06▼ Furniture shop inventory update 2/2<br>
・ Saury Dining Table<br>
・ Admiral's Home-made Dining Table<br>
・ "Akagi" Model & Paulownia Cabinet<br>
・ Aircraft Carrier Stained Glass<br>
・ Japanese High-quality Late Autumn Window<br>
・ 2019 Big-Catch Flag ※ Naval Base Saury & Sardine Festival<br>
※ This autumn's new big-catch flag can be obtained the time-limited naval base saury & sardine festival that's starting today!

|link07 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187713445610680321
|JP07 = 07▼【鎮守府カウンターバー】秋刀魚＆鰯料理modeに更新開始！<br>
私達の小さな＆大事なこだわり…鎮守府カウンターバーの料理が、秋刀魚料理及び鰯料理modeに全バリエーション新規を含む更新開始です！<br>
※同家具はお酒や料理が出る少し大切な家具です。<br>
※同家具は家具屋さんで入手可能です。
|EN07 = 07▼ Saury & sardine food update for the Naval Base Bar Counter!<br>
Our small yet important obsession, the naval base bar counter's food, has received a massive update with saury and sardine food!<br>
※ It's an important piece of furniture that features booze and food.<br>
※ It is available in the furniture shop.

|link08 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187713532315365377
|JP08 = 08▼今秋は鎮守府「秋刀魚＆鰯」祭り！【秋刀魚漁】【鰯漁】解禁！<br>
鎮守府海域、北方海域を中心とした秋刀魚漁の漁場となるいくつか海域では、艦隊を展開し遊弋する敵艦隊を撃破、同漁場の安全を確保、秋刀魚漁を支援することで、新鮮な旬の【秋刀魚】を獲得することが可能です！
…そしてッ！
|EN08 = 08▼ It's saury & sardine season! Let the festival begin!<br>
Sending your fleets to several saury fishing spots, but mainly the sea near the naval base as well as up north, destroying the patrolling enemy fleets, securing those spots and providing fishing support, you'll be able to catch fresh sauries!<br>
And then...!

|link09 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187713623671443456
|JP09 = 09▼今年は「秋刀魚」が不漁…でも大丈夫！私達には【鰯】があります！<br>
今年は秋刀魚は不漁ですが、安心してください！【鰯】は比較的豊漁です！鎮守府近海を中心に、比較的近海で鰯漁も支援しましょう！鰯漁漁場の安全を確保、漁を支援することで、新鮮な美味しい【鰯】も獲得可能です！
|EN09 = 09▼ Sauries are rather scarce this year... but fret not! We still have sardines!<br>
This year sauries are rather scarce, but don't worry! Sardines are plentiful in comparison! You can also provide sardine fishing support relatively close to base! By securing the sardine fishing spots and providing support there, you can also catch fresh and delicious sardines!

|link10 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187713741674012674
|JP10 = 10▼【秋刀魚漁】支援に適した装備<br>
【秋刀魚漁】支援は有効な装備や艦隊編成がいくつか存在します。また、装備の組み合わせや集中運用による効果も期待できます。<br>
・海を照らし魚群を集める強い光源<br>
・魚群探知を支援できる探信装備<br>
・空から秋刀魚漁を観測/支援する航空機材<br>
他が有効です。
|EN10 = 10▼ Suitable saury fishing equipment<br>
There are several effective equipment and fleet setups for saury fishing. Furthermore, their effectiveness varies depending on the equipment combinations and amount.<br>
・ a strong light source that illuminates the sea hoards schools of fish together<br>
・ sonar equipment that can detect schools of fish<br>
・ aircraft that can spot and support saury fishing spots from the sky

|link11 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187713884565585920
|JP11 = 11▼【鰯漁】支援に適した装備等<br>
【鰯漁】支援は、今年は鰯魚群が豊かなために秋刀魚漁支援より比較的楽ですが、より効果的な支援も可能です。<br>
・魚群探知を支援できる探信装備<br>
・空から魚群を観測/縄による漁を支援する低速な水上機群<br>
・漁支援に適した「海防艦」の複数投入<br>
等も有効です！
|EN11 = 11▼ Suitable sardine fishing equipment<br>
This year there are far more sardines than sauries, so catching them should be somewhat easier, but there are ways to provide even more effective fishing support.<br>
・ sonar equipment that can detect schools of fish<br>
・ slow seaplane squads that can spot schools of fish from the sky as well as catch them with fishing nets<br>
・ several costal defence ships that suitable for fishing support

|link12 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187713951372472321
|JP12 = 12▼【秋刀魚漁】【鰯漁】支援のコツ<br>
漁場となる作戦海域であまり集中的に魚を乱獲すると、海域の漁業資源が痛み、水揚げが激減する場合があります。<br>
・集中的な乱獲はしない<br>
・海洋資源を破壊する爆雷漁は避ける<br>
・漁場や海域を少し休ませて漁業資源の保護を考慮する <br>
等の対策が有効です。
|EN12 = 12▼ Tips for saury & sardine fishing<br>
Excessive and continuous fishing of one particular sea area may hurt that area's resources and can lead to drastically reduced amounts of fish caught.<br>
・ refrain from excessively overfishing a single area<br>
・ avoid using depth charges as they destroy the ocean's natural resources<br>
・ consider taking regular breaks from fishing in a particular area, or fishing in general

|link13 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187714031684993025
|JP13 = 13▼鎮守府秋刀魚祭りBGM実装＆【鎮守府ジュークボックス】更新！<br>
一部の作戦海域が、漁場BGMに期間限定更新されます。<br>
また、「鎮守府ジュークボックス」も曲順が漁業支援modeに更新されます。<br>
♪「鎮守府秋刀魚祭り改三」<br>
♪「艦娘音頭」も、引き続き<br>
どうぞよろしくお願い致します！
|EN13 = 13▼ Naval Base Saury Festival BGM & Naval Base Jukebox update!<br>
Certain maps are receiving time-limited fishing BGM.<br>
Furthermore, the naval base jukebox's track list has been updated with fishing music.<br>
♪ "Naval Base Saury Festival K3"<br>
♪ "Kanmusu Ondo"<br>
Have fun!

|link14 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187714113847193600
|JP14 = 14▼【鎮守府秋刀魚＆鰯祭り】任務群の期間限定実装<br>
鎮守府【秋刀魚＆鰯】祭り期間中は、下記の【新任務】が受託可能です！<br>
秋刀魚漁：今年は不漁？でも…上々ね！<br>
秋刀魚漁：今年は気分が高揚します！他<br>
※アイテムや貴重な装備、最終的には【一九式大漁旗】を獲得可能です！
|EN14 = 14▼ Implementation of time-limited "Naval Base Saury & Sardine Festival" missions<br>
For the duration of the saury & sardine festival you can accept the following missions:<br>
- Saury Fishing: Fish are scarce this year? I can't complain though.<br>
- Saury Fishing: I'm getting excited this year!<br>
etc.<br>
※ You'll be able to obtain items and valuable equipment, and in the end the "2019 Big-Catch Flag"!

|link15 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187714168712876034
|JP15 = 15▼今季【鎮守府秋刀魚＆鰯祭り】特別任務群の期間限定実装！<br>
今季鎮守府秋刀魚＆鰯祭り期間中は、下記【特別任務】も受託可能です！<br>
【特別任務】大丈夫、鰯があるじゃない！<br>
【特別任務】今年は鰯が豊漁なのです！<br>
※特別任務群では【試製甲板カタパルト】などを獲得することも可能です！
|EN15 = 15▼ Implementation of special "Naval Base Saury & Sardine Festival" missions!<br>
For the duration of the saury & sardine festival you can accept the following missions:<br>
- Special Mission: Don't worry, we still have sardines!<br>
- Special Mission: Sardines are plentiful this year!<br>
※ These special missions reward you with a "Prototype Deck Catapult" among other things!

|link16 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187714220227325952
|JP16 = 16▼獲得した【秋刀魚】の活用！<br>
獲得した「秋刀魚」は期間内に【調理】することで、資源や資材、保存が効く【缶詰】などにすることが可能です。【鎮守府秋刀魚＆鰯祭り】今季任務群を達成後、期間中に【調理】をお願いします！<br>
●刺身：資源に！<br>
●塩焼：資材に！<br>
●蒲焼：缶詰に！
|EN16 = 16▼ What to do with caught sauries!<br>
You can turn the sauries you caught into resources, materials, or conserve them in cans by "cooking" them during the event. We advise you to cook them after clearing the Naval Base Saury & Sardine Festival missions but before the event ends.<br>
・　Sashimi: Into resources!<br>
・　Shioyaki: Into materials!<br>
・　Kabayaki: Into canned food!

|link17 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187714277857058816
|JP17 = 17▼獲得した【鰯】も調理！<br>
獲得した「鰯」も期間内に【調理】することで、資源や資材、装備などを獲得することが可能です。【鎮守府秋刀魚＆鰯祭り】今季任務群を達成後、期間中に【調理】をお願いします！<br>
●鰯の刺身：基本！<br>
●鰯のつみれ：美味しい！<br>
●鰯のお寿司：通はこれだ！
|EN17 = 17▼ You can also cook the sardines you caught!<br>
You can turn the sardines you caught resources, materials, equipment etc. by "cooking" them during the event. We advise you to cook them after clearing the Naval Base Saury & Sardine Festival missions but before the event ends.<br>
・　Sardine sashimi: A staple!<br>
・　Sardine fish ball: Yummy!<br>
・　Sardine sushi: For the connoisseurs!

|link18 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187714360686198789
|JP18 = 18▼【海防艦】が期間限定邂逅可能に！<br>
北方漁場警備や船団護衛のために建造され、最期まで奮戦を続けた大切な艦種【海防艦】。「占守型」「択捉型」「日振型」各海防艦、そして甲型駆逐艦「磯風」「朝霜」が、【鎮守府秋刀魚＆鰯祭り】期間中は一部作戦海域で期間限定邂逅可能となります！
|EN18 = 18▼ Coastal defence ships are now time-limited drops!<br>
Coastal defence ships were an important ship type and built for fishing disputes up north and convoy escorts, but kept fighting until the bitter end. All coastal defence ships of the Shimushu-, Etorofu- and Hiburi-class as well as the Type-A destroyers Isokaze and Asashimo can now drop on certain maps for the duration of the Naval Base Saury & Sardine Festival!

|link19 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187714487140278273
|JP19 = 19▼艦娘の一部上方微修正 1/3<br>
以下の艦娘の戦闘パラメータを僅かではありますが、上方微修正します。<br>
「川内改二」【火力max】微修正<br>
「神通改二」【火力max】微修正<br>
「那珂改二」【火力max】微修正<br>
「由良改二」【火力max】微修正<br>
「鬼怒改二」【火力max】微修正
|EN19 = 19▼ Ship girl stats adjustments 1/3<br>
The following ship girls' combat stats have been slightly increased:<br>
Sendai K2: Max Firepower +1<br>
Jintsū K2: Max Firepower +1<br>
Naka K2: Max Firepower +1<br>
Yura K2: Max Firepower +3<br>
Kinu K2: Max Firepower +2

|link20 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187714633844441088
|JP20 = 20▼艦娘の一部上方微修正 2/3<br>
70年以上前の本日レイテ沖海戦で撃沈された歴戦の重巡「鳥海」を含む、以下の艦娘の上方微修正を行います。<br>
「鳥海改二」【火力max】微修正<br>
「藤波改」　【対空max】微修正<br>
「初春改二」【火力max】微修正
|EN20 = 20▼ Ship girl stats adjustments 2/3<br>
Including Chōkai, a heavy cruiser with a long service history that was sunk in the Battle of Leyte Gulf today more than 70 years ago, the following ship girls' stats have been slightly increased<br>
Chōkai K2: Max Firepower +1<br>
Fujinami Kai: Max AA +2<br>
Hatsuharu K2: Max Firepower +1

|link21 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187714818632863744
|JP21 = 21▼艦娘の一部上方微修正 3/3<br>
苦しい戦局の中、末期戦まで戦った以下の艦娘の戦闘パラメータを、僅かではありますが上方微修正します。<br>
「潮改二」　　【火力max】【対空max】微修正<br>
「時雨改二」　【火力max】【対潜max】微修正<br>
「五十鈴改二」【火力max】【対空max】微修正
|EN21 = 21▼ Ship girl stats adjustments 3/3<br>
The combat stats of the following ship girls, who fought until the very end of that excruciating war, have been slightly increased:<br>
Ushio K2: Max Firepower +2, Max AA +2<br>
Shigure K2: Max Firepower +1, Max ASW<br>
Isuzu K2: Max Firepower +2, Max AA +

|link22 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187714939286220801
|JP22 = 22▼艦娘【秋刀魚mode】【F作業mode】【秋の味覚mode】【秋冬の私服mode】等実装開始！<br>
秋も深まってきました！今秋も艦娘「秋刀魚」mode、「F作業」mode、「秋の味覚」mode、「秋冬の私服」mode、「オクトーバーフェスト」mode等、続々実装開始！艦娘と一緒に深まる秋を愉しんでっ！
|EN22 = 22▼ Implementation of "Saury", "Operation F", "A Taste of Autumn", "Autumn/Winter Casual Wear" CGs etc.!<br>
Autumn is still going strong, so once again we're adding the ship girls' "Saury", "Operation F", "A Taste of Autumn", "Autumn/Winter Casual Wear", "Oktoberfest" and many other CGs! We hope you enjoy this autumn with your girls!

|link23 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187715168014192640
|JP23 = 23▼艦娘【秋刀魚】【秋の味覚】、そして【鰯】ボイス、実装開始！<br>
艦娘「秋刀魚」「秋の味覚」「鰯」、そして「ハロウィン」ボイスなども実装開始！世の中はハロウィン？でも、鎮守府では【鎮守府秋刀魚＆鰯祭り】！もちっ！…でも、少しだけハロウィンしてみます？
|EN23 = 23▼ Implementation of "Saury", "A Taste of Autumn" and "Sardine" voice lines!<br>
We're also adding "Saury", "A Taste of Autumn", "Sardine" as well as "Halloween" voice lines among other things! The world is celebrating Halloween, but the naval base the Saury & Sardine Festival? Sure thing! But how about a little bit of Halloween anyway?

|link24 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187715586005983235
|JP24 = 24▼艦娘【ハロウィン】mode！何気に密かに実装！<br>
鎮守府では【鎮守府秋刀魚＆鰯祭り！】…でも、少しだけハロウィンしてみるっぽい？従来の艦娘ハロウィンmodeに加え、「夕立/夕立改」及び「夕立改二」に限定【ハロウィン】mode及び同限定ボイスを呉帰りに緊急実装！<br>
秋はがるるぅ…ぽいっ？
|EN24 = 24▼ Surprise implementation of Halloween CGs!<br>
The naval base is busy with the Saury & Sardine Festival, but what about, like, a lil' bit of Halloween? In addition to all previously available Halloween CGs Yūdachi (Kai/K2) is joining in on the fun, with corresponding voice lines!<br>
"Autumn is, like, grrr... right?

}}

|-|Post-maintenance tweets=
{{MultiTweet
|MultiTweetID = postmaint
|color = #ace
|title = Post-maintenance tweets

|link01 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/1187716207060733952
|JP01 = 本日実施「艦これ」稼働全サーバ群、秋の重メンテナンス＆アップデート、作業完了しました！<br>
今秋の「艦これ」と「艦娘」たち……そして「秋刀魚」と美味しい「鰯」！提督の皆さん、今秋もどうぞよろしくお願い致します！
|EN01 = 

}}
</tabber>