This page serves as a landing page for KanColle Players who want to discuss anything about the game.

==Rules==
* '''[[m:Don't be a jerk|Don't be a jerk]]'''
* '''[[wikipedia:Wikipedia:Please do not bite the newcomers|Please do not bite the newcomers]]'''
* '''Respect''' other people.
** Comments or Posts [[Thread:194584|deemed inappropriate by the community]] '''will be removed'''
** Corresponding '''suspensions''' may be done depending on the offense
* If the topic has a wikia article, directly post your comment there
** If it is something that's '''new and informative''' about the game, put it on the '''[[Recent Updates]]''' page instead
** If its about a ship, post your comment on the ship girl's page
** If it's about multiple ships or all ships in general, you may post your comment here
** If it's a '''question about the game''', please try '''ask'''ing '''on''' the '''[[Board:Questions_and_Answers|Wikia Forum: Q&amp;A]]''' or the [[Tutorial: FAQ]] page
** If you're having '''cat errors''', or whatever other errors, post it on '''[[Tutorial: Troubleshooting]]'''
** Check [[Tutorial: Proxy Connection]] if you get error area message. Connection methods are occasionally revised.
** Also check [[Recent Updates]] page's comment section to see is there any particular server getting excessive load(s).
** For other topics, please be mindful of what article to post it to
* Artworks and other media '''should have source and/or credits'''
** You may put a link in either the comment body or on the caption
** If it is your '''own artwork''', please showcase it on '''[[General_Discussion/Art]]'''
* Off-topic Discussions are '''allowed''' but keep it '''minimum'''
** Consider posting it over at '''[[Board:Off_Topic]]'''
** '''One thread per topic''' is allowed for a given time

==Formatting Tips==
===General Editing===
* When inserting photos, you may want to align left.
**There is an alignment option in the insert photo popup
**You may add <code style="color:#00f">|left</code> in the File code
* If you do not want text wrapping your images, you may use <code style="color:#00f"><nowiki>{{clr}}</nowiki></code> for all succeeding text to be on the next line below your image.

===Templates===
* When using VisualEditor, copy the code inside the box, and use '''Ctrl+Shift+V''' for pasting, not just '''Ctrl+V'''
* When using Source Editor, copy-paste the code normally
{| class="article-table" style="width:600px;"
|-
| style="width:150px;" |<pre>{{Taiha}}</pre>
| style="width:150px;" |{{Taiha}}
| style="width:150px;" |<pre>{{Like}}</pre>
| style="width:150px;" |{{Like}}
|-
|<pre>{{LSC}}</pre>
|{{LSC}}
|<pre>{{Maruyu}}</pre>
|{{Maruyu}}
|-
|<pre>{{TTK}}</pre>
|{{TTK}}
|<pre>{{CatBomb}}</pre>
|{{CatBomb}}
|-
|<pre>{{bait}}</pre>
|{{bait}}
|<pre>{{Salt}}</pre>
|{{Salt}}
|}

==Other Community Sections==
'''<span style="font-size:16px;">[[General_Discussion/Art|Artwork]]</span>'''<br />
Dedicated page for your artwork. Give and take constructive feedback!

'''<span style="font-size:16px;">[[Sandbox/HQ|Profile Templates]]</span>'''<br />
Pre-made template codes for your wiki profile!

'''<span style="font-size:16px;">[[Special:Forum|Wikia Forum]]</span>'''<br />
Discuss serious matters with the community!
*[[Board:News_and_Announcements|News and Announcements]]
*[[Board:General_Discussion|General Discussion]]
*[[Board:Questions_and_Answers|Questions and Answers]]
*[[Board:Special_Events|Special Events]]
*[[Board:Off_Topic|Off Topic]]

'''<span style="font-size:16px;">Other Links</span>'''<br />
* [[Thread:152591|How To: Remove comments section on the Wiki]]

'''<span style="font-size:16px;">Join the Chat Box</span>'''<br />
<chat></chat>
[[Category:Community]]