{{EquipmentPage

|en = This is the land-based attack aircraft developed as the successor to the navy's mainstream land-based attack aircraft, the "Type 1 Land-based Attacker ". With its excellent airframe design, it had great potential capabilities. There were problems such as late deployment into service as well as the excessively complicated construction, but it fought through the end. A portion of these were diverted for use as night fighters.
|notes = * [[Thread:487135|August 2016 Ranking Reward]] for Top 5.
* [[Thread:507664|October 2016 Ranking Reward]] for Top 20.
* [[Thread:522831|December 2016 Ranking Reward]] for Top 20.
* [[Thread:625230|November 2017 Ranking Reward]] for Top 20.
* [[Thread:656504|February 2018 Ranking Reward]] for Top 5.
* [[Thread:693289|September 2018 Ranking Reward]] for Top 5.
*[[Thread:732140|August 2019 Ranking Reward]] for Top 5.
* [[Summer 2016 Event]] E-3 Hard reward.
*Exchangable for 20 Setsubun Beans during the [[Setsubun|Setsubun 2019]] Mini-Event.
|trivia = *Tadanao Miki (三木忠直) and Masao Yamana (山名正夫) both designed the Ginga and contributed to develop the Kugisho MXY-7 Ohka.
**After the war, Miki contributed to the development of the Shinkanshen (Bullet Train) after the war.
**Masao is also known for designing the [[Suisei]].
*Takashige Egusa (江草隆繁) was a test pilot for the Ginga. He complained about the bulletproof fuel tank causing bad handling, saying "it is unnecessary".
*The only aircraft other than the [[Ryuusei]] in the IJN's arsenal capable of both dive and torpedo bombing.
**Even though the Ginga was capable of torpedo bombing, since the aircraft was originally designed as a land-based dive bomber, under the [[wikipedia:Japanese military aircraft designation systems#Short system|IJNAS Short Designation System]] it is designated as P1Y1 in comparison to its predecessor the [[Type 1 Land-based Attack Aircraft|Mitsubishi ''Rikkou'' Bomber]] (designated G4M), which was specifically designed as a land-based torpedo bomber.
* Its allied codename, assigned by the Technical Air Intelligence Unit, was "Frances". This is in keeping with the pattern of naming Japanese bombers using female names.
|see also = *[[wikipedia:ja:銀河 (航空機)|銀河 (航空機) (Japanese Wikipedia)]]
*[https://airandspace.si.edu/collection-objects/kugisho-p1y1-ginga-milky-way-frances Kugisho P1Y1 Ginga (Milky Way) FRANCES (National Air and Space Museum)]
}}