==Character==
===Appearance===
===Personality===

==Trivia==
*Named after the city in Montana
*A modified ''Brooklyn'' class CL (sometimes called ''St Louis'' class) she was laid down on the 9th December 1936, launched 27th August '38 and then commissioned 18 September '39
*After various training and excercise cruises she was slated to be dry-docked for a refit, while waiting for this she was temporarily berthed in the slot reserved for ''Pennsylvania'' at Pearl Harbour. With this unfortunate timing she was still present when the Japanese attack occured. Though she was soon recognised as a cruiser she had several torpedoes aimed at her one of which hit her amidship causing significant damage.
*After emergency repairs and several months work back in the US she was sent straight into the Guadalcanal campaign. She helped pick up many survivors from ''Wasp''. She also took part in the Battle of Cape Esperance helping to cause severe damage to several Japanese ships, her radar greatly contributing, and the First Naval Battle of Guadalcanal where she helped sink ''[[Akatsuki]]'' and severely damage ''[[Amatsukaze]]''.
*Following that campaign she took part as escort for several carrier strikes and carried out shore bombardments.
*She met her end at the Battle of Kula Gulf whre the Americans attempted to intercept a troop supply. She used up most of her flashless shells for bombardment so in the darkness she revealed her position with every shot. Firstly one hit then two more torpedoes from either [[Suzukaze]]<span class="nowrap" style="padding-left:0.1em;"></span> or [[Tanikaze]]<span class="nowrap" style="padding-left:0.1em;"></span> struck her and she swiftly sank. While some of her survivors were rescued others had a much longer journey and had to hide out with Allied coastwatchers until rescue could arrive.