==Character==
===Appearance===
===Personality===
*Prefers to be called "Yonna".

==Trivia==
*Laid down in Nov '42 and launched September the next year she wasn't completed until 10th July '44
*Though completed late in the war she still completed several voyages, albeit as a Kaiten suicide carrier which she was converted to in Oct '44.
*Out of five sorties she managed to sink one ship, the oil tank ''USS Mississinewa'', and damaged a small cargo ship - these meager results actually making her one of the most successful Kaiten ships.
*She survived the war and was scuttled in April of '46.
*Some of her crew attempted to mutiny in news of the surrender, but they achieved nothing and soon gave up.
*In the post-marriage voice line, she invites the admiral to enjoy her hand-made ice cream when returning from sortie. This is based on a true story in which the submarine commander offered ice cream to the Kaiten crews prior to a suicidal operation. 
*A raft made of bamboo can be seen at the back of her torpedo case. This reflects an incident happened on December 30/1944 when I-47 accidentally found a drifting bamboo raft on which there were 8 IJA survivors. Originally the commander was about to let go of the survivors after providing them with food and water due to limited spaces on board, but was finally convinced by the Kaiten crews who begged the commander to rescue the army survivors, telling the commander that soon there would be enough spaces for those survivors on the submarine after the suicidal operation. 