{{EquipmentPage

|en = 
This is the carrier-based version of Germany's exemplary dive bomber.<br/>Known as the "Stuka", this famous aircraft boasts excellent dive bombing performance with its distinctive inverse gullwing design. It is known as the "Siren of the Devil" due to the siren-like wind noise produced when it dives.

|notes = 
* October 2013 Ranking Reward.
* Reward from Quests [[Quest#D6|D6]] and [[Quest#D7|D7]].

|collapsed = true

|trivia = 
The symbol of German air power propaganda, the Junkers Ju 87 (''Sturzkampfflugzeug'' or Stuka for short) tore through the early part of WW2, causing devastation and terror across Europe. The concept of dive bombing had only been around for a decade after WW1 when principal designer Hermann Pohlmann and Karl Plauth started experimenting with a Ju A 32, in which lessons learned would be applied to Ju K 47. Hermann believed that a dive bomber had to be simple for maintenance and construction and robust to withstand the heavy g-forces. When the Nazis came to power, further development on dive bombing could be done and at the forefront was the 4th highest scoring ace of WW1, [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ernst_Udet Ernst Udet], who liked the concept very much after test flying a [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/F11C_Goshawk Curtiss Hawk II]. The prototype featured what was to become one of the most distinctive parts of the Stuka, inverted gull wings and a fixed landing gear, which was odd because retractable landing gear was a new innovation but being fixed added to its robustness. Another inclusion was the innovative automatic dive brakes that allowed pilots to pull out of incredibly steep dives, an upwards of an incredible 80 to 90 degree dives at +300mph where 60 degrees was the norm. These brakes also ensured that the pilot suffered less debilitating effects of such intense g-forces and safely pull out of a dive in case the pilot did pass out or become temporarily blinded. Due to its incredible potential, heavy plating was added to withstand the dives after test plane Ju 87 V1 crashed after collapsing under the stress of the dive.

Ready for action by 1936, it made its debut at the Spanish Civil War participating in anti-shipping operations for evaluation of the Stuka's performance. Lessons learned were later applied to training and develop further tactics but the Stuka was not evaluated under any fighter opposition, which would prove fatal later in WW2. When Germany invaded Poland, it was the first time the Jericho Trumpet was utilized on the Ju 87B at the suggestion of Ernst Udet, causing tremendous terror on the ground troops and a very effective psychological weapon. With light opposition, its devastation and dominance was further amplified and quickly became the symbol of German aerial might. When conquered, the Stukas again spearheaded the invasions of Norway, France and the Low Countries through the Blitzkrieg operations where it excelled in anti-ground and anti-armor attacks. It wouldn't be until the Battle of Britain where the weaknesses of the Stuka would be pronounced where fighter opposition was more competent with the Spitfire and Hurricane and ground AA was more focused. Its slow speed, maneuverability and request for heavy fighter cover caused it to be withdrawn from the invasion because it simply could not keep up with the Bf 109. It would also see success in North Africa and the Eastern Front, but not until the United States got involved and the Soviet Union had more air opposition where once again it's weaknesses of slow speed was exposed in a war more favorable for fighter-bombers. Due to a lack of replacement candidates, it would slowly be replaced in favor of the Fw 190F but not completely phased out as it was still useful in night attacks and the Eastern Front until the end of the war.

The Ju 87C was suppose to be able to dive and torpedo bomb in preparation for Graf Zeppelin's completion. It featured a small rubber boat for 2 passengers, folding wings and air bags on the wings to keep it afloat on water and another bag on the fuselage. 120 planes were ordered but cancelled over the complications of carrier conversion. In KanColle, it has the Kai designation to signify Japanese modification for carrier use.
* Ernst loved dive bombing so much that he wanted every aircraft to be able to dive bomb, even the medium bombers.
* The fairy can be seen holding a siren and wear devil horns in reference of its nickname "Siren of the Devil". The equipment also shows how the actual Jericho Trumpet looks like on the landing gear and positioned in its famous steep dive.
* The most famous pilot of the Stuka was [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hans-Ulrich_Rudel Hans-Ulrich Rudel], who flew 2500 missions exclusively on the Eastern Front, destroying more than 800 vehicles, 500 of them being tanks and also being the most decorated German serviceman of the war.

|see also = 
* [[wikipedia:Junkers Ju 87#Ju_87C|Junkers Ju 87C (Wikipedia)]]
* [[wikipedia:ja:Ju 87 (航空機)|Ju 87 (航空機) (Japanese Wikipedia)]]
* [[wikipedia:de:Junkers Ju 87|Junkers Ju 87 (German Wikipedia)]]
* [https://boxartden.com/reference/gallery/index.php/Modeling-References/Aircraft-Profiles/Germany/World-War-Two/Junkers-Ju87A-B-Stuka-76 Junkers Ju87 pictures, designs and history]

}}