{{Equipment

|en =
This is a domestic jet fighter-bomber developed based on the design drawing of turbojet fighter planes which were brought by submarine dispatch operations and put into service abroad. The Kikka Kai is equipped with bombs and two 30mm cannons on the nose to serve in its fighter-bomber role.

|notes =
*Quest [[Quests#F46|F46]] reward; completion requires two [[New Technology Aircraft Blueprint]]s and a [[Ne Type Engine]].
{{clear}}
{{:Partials/Jets}}

|trivia =
One of Japan's secret weapons, the Kikka was a jet-powered aircraft that was made after Japanese military advisors witnessed the German [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Messerschmitt_Me_262 Me 262] aviation trials of 1944, thinking that such a fast plane would be the perfect counter to the B-29 wreaking havoc across Japan. Germany agreed to send blueprints and a Me 262 through submarine transport after the request was put forth but were captured after German surrender. The only leads now were pictures and a sketch of a BMW 003 jet engine from a previous expedition and using the failed Ne-10 engine from a previous attempt at jet propulsion as a base. Going only by memory, Nakajima engineers started recreating the Me 262 air frame and jet engine but with the further limitation of being easy enough to be mass produced by largely unskilled labor. Although difficult, the new engine was completed and named Ne-20 in mid-1945 as a testament to Japanese ingenuity and cleverness. The prototype was tested on August 7th with no major problems but its second test ended in a crash due to the rocket assist takeoff not angled properly. Development stopped 7 days later with Japanese surrender.

Compared to the Me 262, it was significantly smaller, carried a smaller bomb load, less cannons, slower and less jet engine thrust but had folding wings to hide in caves and tunnels. Despite this, it was still a formidable interceptor and fighter-bomber with a good potential to catch the US bombing raids by surprise as the project was completely unknown to the USN until after the war ended. It is theorized that the Kikka would have been used as a Kamikaze aircraft because of it having no official classification but the high cost of producing a jet engine would have been very inefficient and unlikely since the Ohka rocket was in production at the same time while being much cheaper and use of obsolete planes costed nothing.
* The Kikka is often identified as the Nakajima J9N1, or occasionally J9Y, which according to a researcher at the National Air and Space Museum is incorrect (the discussion is registered in this [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk:Nakajima_Kikka#J9Y talk page]).
* It was also called Koukoku Nigou Heiki (皇国二号兵器 "Imperial Weapon No.2"). The Kikka Kai was a modified version of the design to be launched from a 200 m long catapult, officially known as "Nakajima Kikka-kai Prototype Turbojet Special Attacker"

* The 74th Naval Air Group was supposed to be given these aircraft.
* Even though [[Taihou]] is an Armored Aircraft Carrier and had a flight deck of 257 m long, the Shoukaku Kai Ni A-class are provided with a [[Prototype Flight Deck Catapult]], which might allow them to operate the Kikka Kai and other jet aircraft in-game.

|see also =
*[https://ja.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E6%A9%98%E8%8A%B1_(%E8%88%AA%E7%A9%BA%E6%A9%9F) 橘花 (航空機)] (Wikipedia - Japanese page)
}}