===Kongou-class Special Night Cut-In===
The Kongou-class at Kai Ni C remodels are capable of perform a special night attack which involves them and the Kongou-class in the 2nd position of the fleet.
====Activation Requirements====
*{{ShipLink|Kongou/Kai Ni C}} or {{ShipLink|Hiei/Kai Ni C}} must be the flagship of the fleet.
* Depending on who is the flagship, the 2nd Ship must be the following:
**{{ShipLink|Kongou/Kai Ni C}}: {{ShipLink|Hiei/Kai Ni C}}, {{ShipLink|Haruna/Kai Ni}}, or {{ShipLink|Warspite}}.
**{{ShipLink|Hiei/Kai Ni C}}: {{ShipLink|Kongou/Kai Ni C}} or {{ShipLink|Kirishima/Kai Ni}}.
*The flagship and 2nd ship must not be at <span style="color:orange;">''chuuha''</span> or <span style="color:red;">''taiha''</span> state.
*The fleet must be in '''Line Ahead Formation''' or '''Cruising Formation 4'''.
*The fleet must have 6 ships in it (none retreated)
*No submarines (SS/SSV) allowed in fleet (Escort for Combined Fleet)
*The battle must be a night battle. (Either day-to-night or starts at night)

====Cut-In Behavior====
*Upon activation, 2 singular attacks against randomly selected enemies will be performed. Each ship participating will fire in succession.
{|class="wikitable" style="width:100%; text-align: center; vertical-align: middle;"
|-
! style="width: 25%;" |
! style="width: 25%;" | 1st Attack (1st Ship)
! style="width: 25%;" | 2nd Attack (2nd Ship)
|-
! Base Multiplier
| colspan="3"|x1.9
|-
! Green-T Engagement
| colspan="3"|x1.25
|-
! Red-T Engagement
| colspan="3"|x0.75
|}

*All the above modifiers stack multiplicatively.
**The multiplier is treated as '''pre-cap'''.
*Only triggers in Night Battle
*This attack may only trigger once per '''sortie''' (not once per battle).
**If the cut-in is not performed during battle, it can still be used in following battles.
*An additional 30% ammo will be consumed by both ships for this battle. (6% for day battle, 3% for night battle, 9% if both)
*The trigger rate of the attack is dependant on the LOS stat of Radars equipped and whether a searchlight is present.