{{Equipment

|en =
The "Kyoufuu" is a seaplane that was specialized for dogfights and built by a renowned manufacturer whose pedigree of seaplanes extends even to the present day. The plane was highly anticipated as a successor to the [[Type 2 Seaplane Fighter Kai|Type 2 Seaplane Fighter]] for which it was supposed to be a stopgap due to troubles during development. While its performance couldn't live up to the expectations, the "[[Shiden Model 21 Shiden Kai|Shiden Kai]]", which was developed with this plane as the base, saw a lot of action by, for example, providing air defense for the mainland. And now it makes an appearance as "Kyoufuu Kai", with a matured fuselage and all-around improvements!

|notes =
*[[Thread:543538|February 2017 Ranking Reward]] for all tiers.
*[[Thread:605681|September 2017 Ranking Reward]] for Top 5, 20, and 100.
*Quest [[Quests#B95|B95]] offers this as a choice between two rewards, the other being the [[New Kanhon Design Anti-torpedo Bulge (Medium)]].
{{clear}}
{{:Partials/Seaplane Fighter}}

|trivia =
Very early in WW2, the Kyoufuu was proposed because Japan's conquest and defense of the Pacific islands would eventually strain their carrier group and not enough land bases were available in key areas or were just starting construction. It was a sound idea at the time since there were many more seaplane carriers than fleet carriers available for flexibility and could be deployed anywhere in the Pacific. While Kawanishi was specialized in building and designing seaplanes and flying boats, they were more than qualified in developing the Kyoufuu using their experience on the [[Shiun|Shiun]] to create their first seaplane fighter since they were the only wartime company not being overloaded with orders. It was projected to have good performance and maneuverability on par with the Zero and this made Kawanishi realize they could go one step further and design a land-based plane using Kyoufuu as a basis, creating the [[Shiden Model 11|Shiden]]. By 1943, the IJN received their first batch of seaplanes, too late for it to see its intended operational use with the loss of air superiority and carriers. A superb seaplane designed as a support fighter for light opposition, it was hopelessly used as an interceptor fighter against the new [[F6F-3|F6F]] [[F6F-5|Hellcat]] and [[F4U-1D|F4U Corsair]] fighters and powerless to stop the B-29 Superfortress. Production ended in favor of the Shiden.
* The Kyoufuu was the only seaplane specifically designed to be a fighter in WW2.

|see also =
*[https://ja.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E5%BC%B7%E9%A2%A8_(%E8%88%AA%E7%A9%BA%E6%A9%9F) 強風 (航空機) - Wikipedia] (Japanese Site)
*[https://airandspace.si.edu/collection-objects/kawanishi-n1k1-kyofu-mighty-wind-rex Kawanishi N1K1 Kyofu (Mighty Wind) REX] (National Air and Space Museum)
*[http://www.boxartden.com/gallery/index.php/Profiles/Aircraft-Profiles/Japan/Kawanishi-Kyofu-Shinden-213 Kyoufuu pictures, designs and history]
}}