Armored Aircraft Carriers are aircraft carriers that adopted the armored flight decks and armor belt. There are only four carriers in this class: [[Taihou]], [[Shoukaku|Shoukaku Kai Ni A]], [[Zuikaku|Zuikaku Kai Ni A]] and [[Saratoga|Saratoga Mk.II Mod.2]].


*Unlike Standard Aircraft Carriers, the Armored Aircraft Carriers '''can still launch their aircrafts when having sustained {{color|orange|moderate damage (中破)}}.'''
*{{color|lime|Green}}: Outstanding
*{{color|gold|Yellow}}: Great
* All Armored Aircraft Carriers have 4 slots.
* Since the Luck Stat is difficult to modernize, it is listed as Base(Max).

{{EliteShipsKai
|Taihou
|Taihou/Kai
|-
|Shoukaku/Kai Ni A
|Shoukaku/Kai Ni_notes = Second remodel<br />Requires [[Blueprint]] and [[Prototype Flight Deck Catapult]]<br />Medium range
|Shoukaku/Kai Ni_notes_highlight = good
|Zuikaku/Kai Ni A
|Zuikaku/Kai Ni_notes = Second remodel<br />Requires [[Blueprint]] and [[Prototype Flight Deck Catapult]]<br />Medium range
|Zuikaku/Kai Ni_notes_highlight = good
|Taihou_notes = Buildable via [[Construction#Large Ship Construction|LSC]]
|Taihou/Kai_notes = Buildable via [[Construction#Large Ship Construction|LSC]]
|Taihou_notes_highlight = 
|Taihou/Kai_notes_highlight = 
|Shoukaku/Kai Ni A_notes = Medium range
|Shoukaku/Kai Ni A_notes_highlight = outstanding
|Zuikaku/Kai Ni A_notes = Medium range
|Zuikaku/Kai Ni A_notes_highlight = outstanding
|remodel_level_good = 30
|remodel_level_outstanding = 20
|remodel_level_operator = <
|firepower_good = 55
|firepower_outstanding = 60
|torpedo_good = 86
|torpedo_outstanding = 90
|aa_good = 80
|aa_outstanding = 85
|asw_good = 80
|asw_outstanding = 90
|los_good = 100
|los_outstanding = 110
|hp_good = 74
|hp_outstanding = 78
|hp = 60
|armor_good = 74
|armor_outstanding = 80
|evasion_good = 75
|evasion_outstanding = 80
|aircraft_good = 80
|aircraft = 70
|aircraft_outstanding = 90
|aircraft_slot_good = 29
|luck_good = 29
|luck_outstanding = 45
|luck_max_good = 80
|fuel_good = 70
|fuel_outstanding = 65
|fuel_operator = <
|ammo_good = 70
|ammo_outstanding = 65
|ammo_operator = <
|reference_type = 18
|-
|Saratoga/Mk.II Mod.2
}}

* [[Taihou]] is the only Aircraft Carrier that starts out as an Armored Aircraft Carrier by default, and thus can launch planes at {{color|orange|中破 (moderate damage)}}, though her repair costs are higher. She also has high armor and plane count.
* [[Shoukaku#Third_Upgrade_.28Reversible.29|Shoukaku Kai Ni A]] is the second Armored Aircraft Carrier implemented in game, and is an optional upgrade from [[Shoukaku#Second_Upgrade|Shoukaku Kai Ni]]. She has the highest Firepower, and the second highest Anti-Air, Armor, Health and Evasion of the non-LSC or Event only obtainable CVBs. However she loses her evenly spread plane count after the remodel.
*[[Zuikaku#Third_Upgrade_.28Reversible.29|Zuikaku Kai Ni A]] is the third Armored Aircraft Carrier implemented in game, and is an optional upgrade from [[Zuikaku#Second_Upgrade|Zuikaku Kai Ni]]. She has the highest stats out of the non-LSC or Event only obtainable Armored Aircraft Carriers (aside from Firepower) but her remodel level is the highest as well. Her plane count is also spread less evenly.
** Both [[Shoukaku Kai Ni A]] and [[Zuikaku Kai Ni A]] can be remodeled again to return their to the [[Shoukaku#Second Upgrade|Shoukaku Kai Ni]] / [[Zuikaku#Second Upgrade|Zuikaku Kai Ni]] version, though this costs resources and reduces modernization like any other remodel.
* [[Saratoga_Mk.II_Mod.2#Third_Upgrade_.28Reversible.29|Saratoga/Mk.II Mod.2]] is the only foreign Armored Aircraft Carrier in the game. She can boast that both her Anti-Air, Health, Armor and plane count are the best of the ship type. However, she is also the only one that can only be obtained through LSC or event drop.
==See Also==
{{shiplist}}