{{For|a sortable table|/Sortable}}

* {{color|lime|Green}}: Outstanding
* {{color|gold|Yellow}}: Above average
*Since the Luck Stat is difficult to modernize, it is listed as Base(Max).

{{EliteShipsKai
|Chitose/Kai
|Chiyoda/Kai
|Chitose/A
|Chiyoda/A
|-
|Akitsushima/Kai
|-
|Mizuho/Kai
|-
|Commandant Teste/Kai
|-
|Kamoi/Kai
|-
|Nisshin/Kai
|Nisshin/A
|Chitose/A_notes = Second remodel
|Chiyoda/A_notes = Second remodel
|Akitsushima/Kai_notes = Can carry [[Type 2 Large Flying Boat]], [[PBY-5A Catalina]] and SCAMP but not various other equipments
|Nisshin/A_notes = Second remodel
|remodel_level_good = 10
|remodel_level_outstanding = 10
|remodel_level_operator = <
|firepower_good = 44
|firepower_outstanding = 60
|torpedo_good = 0
|torpedo_outstanding = 30
|torpedo = 0
|aa_good = 43
|aa_outstanding = 85
|asw_good = 80
|asw_outstanding = 90
|los_good = 75
|los_outstanding = 90
|hp_good = 74
|hp_outstanding = 78
|hp = 40
|armor_good = 41
|armor_outstanding = 47
|evasion_good = 59
|evasion_outstanding = 80
|aircraft_good = 30
|aircraft_outstanding = 35
|aircraft = 10
|aircraft_slot_good = 11
|speed_good = 9
|luck_good = 29
|luck_outstanding = 45
|luck_max_good = 80
|fuel_good = 36
|fuel_outstanding = 30
|fuel = 60
|fuel_operator = <
|ammo_good = 35
|ammo_outstanding = 15
|ammo_operator = <
|reference_type = 16}}
*Chitose-class seaplane tenders come with two [[Type A Ko-hyoteki]] as their default equipment at their level 12 remodel.
*Seaplane Tenders can equip depth charges to boost their ASW. They are, however, unable to attack submarines unless equipped with a [[User_blog:Eles99/Equipment_List_by_Type#Seaplane_Bomber|seaplane bomber]]. They can take down SS with the right equipment but the effect is fairly low.
*Chitose-class, Mizuho-class and Nisshin-class seaplane tenders can be equipped with one or more [[Type A Ko-hyoteki]] midget subs to launch a preemptive torpedo strike. They can also do [[Combat#.C2.A0Artillery_Spotting_.28Post-Cap_Modifier.29|artillery spotting]] if equipped with main guns and seaplane.
*Chitose-class seaplane tenders can be remodeled into [[EliteCVL|light aircraft carriers]] at level 15 and lose all the specialties of seaplane tenders, but in turn, gain all the specialties of light aircraft carriers. You can find the stats of their CVL class at [[EliteCVL|this page]] to aid in your decision.
*[[Akitsushima]] comes with a [[Type 2 Large-sized Flying Boat]] as default equipment for her level 35 remodel.
*[[Akitsushima]] only has one plane per slot and she alongside [[Nisshin]] are the only ship that can equip the [[Type 2 Large-sized Flying Boat]] and [[PBY-5A Catalina]].

*[[Akitsu Maru]], [[Akitsushima]], [[Chitose]], [[Chiyoda]], [[Mizuho]] and [[Nisshin]] can equip [[Daihatsu-class Landing Craft]] which increase resources drop via expedition up to 5% per Landing Craft, up to 4 of these can be equipped with the maximum of 20% more resource gain per successful expedition.
*The only Seaplane Tenders that can equip [[Skilled Carrier-based Aircraft Maintenance Personnel]] are [[Akitsushima]], [[Commandant Teste]] and [[Nisshin]] .
*It is advisable to keep '''both''' of the Chitose sisters in Seaplane Tender form until at least you have cleared expedition 36. Expedition 36 is needed to unlock expedition 37, 38, and 39 as expedition 37 and 38 have a very high resources drop per hour.
*AV (or CVL) can be used for expeditions that require CV. Unlike CVL, Chitose-class, Mizuho and Nisshin can equip [[Drum Canister]]s and [[Daihatsu-class Landing Craft]]s.

==See Also==
{{shiplist}}
[[Category:Seaplane Tenders]]