* {{color|lime|Green}}: Outstanding
* {{color|gold|Yellow}}: Above Average
* Since the Luck Stat is difficult to modernize, it is listed as Base(Max).

{{EliteShipsKai
|Fusou/Kai
|Yamashiro/Kai
|Fusou/Kai Ni
|Yamashiro/Kai Ni
|-
|Ise/Kai
|Hyuuga/Kai
|Ise/Kai Ni
|Hyuuga/Kai Ni
|#
|!bases
|#
|Ise/
|Hyuuga/
|-
|Fusou/
|Yamashiro/
|-
|Fusou/Kai Ni_notes = Second remodel<br/>Requires [[Blueprint]]
|Yamashiro/Kai Ni_notes = Second remodel<br/>Requires [[Blueprint]]
|Ise/Kai Ni_notes = Requires [[Blueprint]] '''x2'''<br/>Requires [[Action Report]]<br/>Requires [[Prototype Flight Deck Catapult]]<br/>5 equipment slots.
|Hyuuga/Kai Ni_notes = Requires [[Blueprint]] '''x2'''<br/>Requires [[Action Report]]<br/>Requires [[Prototype Flight Deck Catapult]]<br/>Requires [[New Model Aerial Armament Material]]<br>5 equipment slots.
|remodel_level_good = 30
|remodel_level_outstanding = 20
|remodel_level_operator = <
|firepower_good = 100
|firepower_outstanding = 110
|torpedo_good = 0
|torpedo_outstanding = 0
|aa_good = 89
|aa_outstanding = 99
|asw_good = 0
|asw_outstanding = 50
|los_good = 49
|los_outstanding = 54
|hp_good = 89
|hp_outstanding = 94
|armor_good = 93
|armor_outstanding = 99
|evasion_good = 71
|evasion_outstanding = 74
|aircraft_good = 20
|aircraft_outstanding = 40
|aircraft_slot_good = 12
|speed_good = 9
|luck_good = 19
|luck_outstanding = 30
|luck_max_good = 80
|fuel_good = 95
|fuel_outstanding = 90
|fuel_operator = <
|ammo_good = 125
|ammo_outstanding = 120
|ammo_operator = <
|reference_type = 10
|custom_row_bases_content = '''BBV Base ships'''<br />The following ships are not BBVs but are the base models of the BBVs above for comparison.<br />Highlights are relative to the BBVs above. }}
General Notes:
*Aviation Battleships are battleships remodelled into partial aircraft carriers. They are also known as'' hybrid carriers''. Aviation battleships can launch [[List of Seaplanes by stats|Seaplane Bombers]] which allow them to participate in aerial combat phase and in attacking submarines.
**The ASW ability is not always advantageous as BBVs are forced to attack submarines, if able.
*Unlike Aviation Cruisers, battleships remodelled into Aviation Battleships have '''reduced max firepower'''. Aviation Battleships have the lowest firepower stat among battleships. Fusou and Yamashiro recover the lost Firepower with their Kai Ni.
*Aviation Battleships have the lowest ammo consumption among battleships.
*Ise-Class aviation battleships have the highest evasion among battleships.
*Ise-Class battleships can remodel into aviation battleships at a very low level, lv10.
*Every aviation battleship comes with a [[Zuiun]] as their default equipment.


==See Also==
[[List of battleships by upgraded maximum stats]]

{{shiplist}}
[[Category:Battleships]]
[[Category:Ships]]