{{For|a sortable table|/Sortable}}

*{{color|lime|Green}}: Outstanding
*{{color|gold|Yellow}}: Above Average
* All Standard Aircraft Carriers have 4 slots.
* Since the Luck Stat is difficult to modernize, it is listed as Base(Max).

{{EliteShipsKai
|Akagi/Kai
|Akagi/Kai Ni
|Akagi/Kai Ni E
|-
|Kaga/Kai
|Kaga/Kai Ni
|Kaga/Kai Ni E
|Kaga/Kai Ni Go
|-
|Souryuu/Kai
|Souryuu/Kai Ni
|-
|Hiryuu/Kai
|Hiryuu/Kai Ni
|-
|Shoukaku/Kai
|Zuikaku/Kai
|Shoukaku/Kai Ni
|Zuikaku/Kai Ni
|-
|Unryuu/Kai
|Amagi/Kai
|Katsuragi/Kai
|-
|Graf Zeppelin/Kai
|-
|Aquila/Kai
|-
|Saratoga/Kai
|Saratoga/Mk.II
|-
|Intrepid/Kai
|-
|Ark Royal/Kai
|-
|Hornet/Kai
|#
|!subclasses
|#
|Shoukaku/Kai Ni A
|Zuikaku/Kai Ni A
|-
|Taihou
|Taihou/Kai
|-
|Saratoga/Mk.II Mod.2
|-
|Akagi/Kai Ni E_notes = Able to perform night launches without extra night battle personnel
|Souryuu/Kai Ni_notes = Second remodel
|Hiryuu/Kai Ni_notes = Second remodel
|Shoukaku/Kai Ni_notes = Second remodel<br>Requires [[Blueprint]] and [[Prototype Flight Deck Catapult]]
|Zuikaku/Kai Ni_notes = Second remodel<br>Requires [[Blueprint]] and [[Prototype Flight Deck Catapult]]
|Shoukaku/Kai Ni_notes_highlight = good
|Zuikaku/Kai Ni_notes_highlight = good
|Unryuu/Kai_notes = Requires [[Blueprint]]
|Amagi/Kai_notes = Requires [[Blueprint]]
|Katsuragi/Kai_notes = Requires [[Blueprint]]
|Graf Zeppelin/Kai_notes = Can participate in shelling during night battle
|Saratoga/Mk.II_notes = Second remodel, able to perform night launches without extra night battle personnel<br>Requires both [[Blueprint|blueprint]] and [[Prototype Flight Deck Catapult]]
|Ark Royal/Kai_notes = Can participate in shelling during night battle
|-
|Shoukaku/Kai Ni A_notes = Third (reversible) remodel
|Zuikaku/Kai Ni A_notes = Third (reversible) remodel
|Shoukaku/Kai Ni A_notes_highlight = outstanding
|Zuikaku/Kai Ni A_notes_highlight = outstanding
|Taihou/Kai_notes = Buildable via [[Construction#Large Ship Construction|LSC]]
|Taihou/Kai_notes_highlight = outstanding
|Saratoga/Mk.II Mod.2_notes = Third (reversible) remodel
|Saratoga/Mk.II Mod.2_notes_highlight = outstanding
|remodel_level_good = 30
|remodel_level_outstanding = 20
|remodel_level_operator = <
|firepower_good = 55
|firepower_outstanding = 60
|torpedo_good = 86
|torpedo_outstanding = 90
|aa_good = 80
|aa_outstanding = 85
|asw_good = 0
|asw_outstanding = 50
|los_good = 100
|los_outstanding = 110
|hp_good = 74
|hp_outstanding = 78
|hp = 60
|armor_good = 74
|armor_outstanding = 80
|evasion_good = 75
|evasion_outstanding = 80
|range = true
|range_good = 1
|aircraft_good = 
|aircraft = 70
|aircraft_outstanding = 
|aircraft_slot_good = 29
|luck_good = 29
|luck_outstanding = 45
|luck_max_good = 80
|fuel_good = 70
|fuel_outstanding = 65
|fuel_= 80
|fuel_operator = <
|ammo_good = 70
|ammo_outstanding = 65
|ammo_= 80
|ammo_operator = <
|reference_type = 11
|custom_row_subclasses_content = '''Standard Carrier Subclasses'''<br />CVB: Armored Carrier<br />Armored Carriers ''are'' normally counted as Standard Carriers for Expeditions and map branching.<br />Therefore highlights are with respect to the whole table including Armored Carriers.<br>'''''Armored Carriers can launch planes at moderate damage.'''''}}

General Notes:
*[[Akagi]] is rewarded upon the completion of [[Quests#B10|quest B10]].
*[[Kaga]] has the second highest plane count and the biggest single slot.
*[[Hiryuu#Second Upgrade|Hiryuu Kai Ni]] and [[Souryuu#Second Upgrade|Souryuu Kai Ni]] come with extra-rare equipment and have excellent offensive stats.
*[[Zuikaku]] and [[Shoukaku]] are well-rounded CVs with more evenly spread plane counts per slot.
**[[Shoukaku]] is required to obtain the rare [[Tenzan Model 12 (Murata Squadron)]] while both [[Shoukaku#Second Upgrade|Shoukaku Kai Ni]] and [[Zuikaku#Second Upgrade|Zuikaku Kai Ni]] are required to obtain the rare [[Type 0 Fighter Model 53 (Iwamoto Squadron)]].
*The [[:Category:Unryuu Class|Unryuu-class]] has the second lowest resource usage of all Standard Aircraft Carriers <span style="font-weight:normal;">(next to </span>[[Aquila]]<span style="font-weight:normal;">).</span> [[Unryuu]], [[Amagi]], and [[Katsuragi]] come with rare planes upon their remodels, which require blueprints.
**[[Unryuu]] also is required for quests that grant very rare equipment.
*[[Graf Zeppelin]] comes with the [[Fw 190T Kai]] upon remodel.
*[[Taihou]] is the only Aircraft Carrier that starts out as an Armored Aircraft Carrier, which can launch planes at {{color|orange|中破 (moderate damage)}}.  She also has high firepower and high plane counts.
*[[Shoukaku#Third Upgrade (Reversible)|Shoukaku Kai Ni A]] and [[Zuikaku#Third Upgrade (Reversible)|Zuikaku Kai Ni A]] are the second and third Armored Aircraft Carrier implemented in game respectively and are optional upgrades from their counterparts (Shoukaku Kai Ni and Zuikaku Kai Ni). However, they lose their evenly spread plane count.
**Both excel in health, armor, evasion, AA and firepower.  Notably, they are the only carriers in the game able to operate [[List_of_Jet-powered_Fighter-Bombers_by_stats|jet-powered aircraft]].
**Both Shoukaku Kai Ni A and Zuikaku Kai Ni A can be remodeled again to return to their former counterparts (Shoukaku Kai Ni and Zuikaku Kai Ni), though this costs resources and reduces modernization like any other remodel.
*[[Saratoga]] and her Mk.II and Mk.II Mod.2 versions have high armor and health, but have some of the lowest evasion values of any Standard Aircraft Carrier.
**Saratoga Mk.II has the ability to launch night-operation capable planes without additional equipment.  She also has very high firepower.
**Saratoga Mk.II Mod.2 is an Armored Aircraft Carrier with high plane capacity, but is the most expensive carrier to operate in the game.
*[[Intrepid]] has the highest plane count.

==See Also==
{{shiplist}}
* [https://www.reddit.com/r/kancolle/wiki/intermediate#wiki_notable_ships_by_class Notable ships by class - Reddit intermediate players' guide]
[[Category:Standard Aircraft Carriers]]