* This table will not use color legend to mark stat of different ships as each of them have different functions and there's little point to compare them against each other.
{{EliteShipsKai
|Katori/Kai
|Kashima/Kai
|Akitsu Maru/Kai
|Shinshuu Maru/Kai
|Jingei/Kai
|Taigei
|Akashi/Kai
|Hayasui/Kai
|Kamoi/Kai Bo
|reference_type = -1}}
* Akitsu Maru
** Her base form cannot carry aircraft.
** Her base form has a [[Daihatsu-class Landing Craft]] as her default equipment.
** Her Kai has an uncraftable [[Type 3 Spotter/Liaison (ASW)]] & [[Ka-type Observation Autogyro]].
* Akashi
** She has an uncraftable [[Ship Repair Facility]] as her default equipment in base & Kai forms.
** She has [[List of battleships by upgraded maximum stats|battleship-tier]] remodel cost, repair cost, and repair time.
* Taigei
** She has the lowest ammo consumption among aircraft-carrying kanmusu.
* Hayasui
** Her base form cannot carry aircraft except for seaplanes.
** Her base form and Kai form has an uncraftable [[Underway Replenishment]] item.



'''Roles of support ships'''
*'''Amphibious Warfare'''
** Amphibious assault ships can only carry certain guns and ship-based aircraft.
** [[Akitsu Maru|Akitsu Maru]] is currently the only amphibious assault ship
*** LHA is one amphibious warfare type and the agreed stand-in as there is [[Glossary#Class classification|no equivalent]].
**** Historically, Akitsu Maru was a [[wikipedia:Landing_craft_carrier|landing craft carrier]]; in hopes of becoming an [[wikipedia:Escort_aircraft_carrier|escort aircraft carrier]], her remodel widened the flight deck increasing the ship's aircraft carrying capacity.
*** This role is reflected in Akitsu Maru being required for some installation type bosses.

* '''Repair'''
** Repair ships (AR) can repair other ships in the same fleet.
** [[Akashi]] is currently the only Repair Ship.
*** For details, see [[Akashi#Anchorage Repair (泊地修理)|Anchorage Repair (泊地修理)]] .

* '''Replenishment'''
** Submarine tenders can supply and support submarines.
** [[Taigei|​Taigei]] is currently the only submarine tender (AS).
*** She does not yet have any special abilities, but she is required for [[Expeditions|Expedition 39]] and [[Expeditions|Expedition D2]] (Level 55+) and enables superior pathing in [[World 6|6-1]].
** Fleet Oilers/Replenishment Oiler can conduct [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Underway_replenishment underway replenishment] on the high seas.
** [[Hayasui]] and [[Kamoi]] are currently the Fleet Oiler (AO) present. While Hayasui can carry torpedo bombers, Kamoi Ka Bo can carry Large Seaplanes as well as lower fuel needed to replenish herself.

* '''Training'''
** Training ships are designed to assist sailors in ocean-going life and in ship operations.
** [[Katori]] and [[Kashima]] are currently the only Training Cruisers (CT).
*** (CT) is the agreed stand-in as there is [[Glossary#Class classification|no equivalent]].
**** Historically, [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Talk:Katori/@comment-Hyper_Shinchan-20150208233050?permalink=175847#comm-175847 training cruisers were part of the ''kantei'' category, ''gunkan'' subdivision. They were not part of the ''tokumutei'' (special service, i.e., auxiliaries)].
**** After about a year of training, she was equipped and operated as a regular light cruiser.
*** They do not count as [[:Category:Light Cruisers|light cruisers]] for most fleet composition requirements.
*** They are equipped like [[:Category:Light Cruisers|light cruisers]].
*** They provide an [[Experience_and_Rank#Training_Cruiser_Bonus|experience bonus in PvP]].
*** They are required as the flagship for [[Expeditions|Expedition 32]].


==See Also==

{{shiplist}}
[[Category:Auxiliary Ship]]