{{For|a sortable table|/Sortable}}

* {{color|lime|Green}}: Outstanding
* {{color|gold|Yellow}}: Above average
* Since the luck stat is difficult to modernize, it is listed as Base(Max).
{{EliteShipsKai
|Furutaka/Kai
|Kako/Kai
|Furutaka/Kai Ni
|Kako/Kai Ni
|-
|Aoba/Kai
|Kinugasa/Kai
|Kinugasa/Kai Ni
|#
|Myoukou/Kai
|Nachi/Kai
|Ashigara/Kai
|Haguro/Kai
|Myoukou/Kai Ni
|Nachi/Kai Ni
|Ashigara/Kai Ni
|Haguro/Kai Ni
|#
|Takao/Kai
|Atago/Kai
|Maya/Kai
|Choukai/Kai
|Choukai/Kai Ni
|Maya/Kai Ni
|#
|Mogami/
|Mikuma/
|Suzuya/
|Kumano/
|-
|Tone/Kai
|Chikuma/Kai
|-
|Prinz Eugen/Kai
|-
|Zara/Kai
|Pola/Kai
|Zara/Due
|-
|Houston/Kai
|#
|!subclasses
|#
|Mogami/Kai
|Mikuma/Kai
|Suzuya/Kai
|Kumano/Kai
|Suzuya/Kai Ni
|Kumano/Kai Ni
|-
|Tone/Kai Ni
|Chikuma/Kai Ni
|Furutaka/Kai Ni_notes = Second remodel
|Kako/Kai Ni_notes = Second remodel
|Kinugasa/Kai Ni_notes = Second remodel
|Myoukou/Kai Ni_notes = Second remodel
|Nachi/Kai Ni_notes = Second remodel
|Ashigara/Kai Ni_notes = Second remodel
|Haguro/Kai Ni_notes = Second remodel
|Maya/Kai Ni_notes = Second remodel
|Choukai/Kai Ni_notes = Second remodel (requires [[Glossary#Medal|Blueprint]])
|Choukai/Kai Ni_notes_highlight =
|Tone/Kai_notes = Remodels into Aviation Cruiser
|Chikuma/Kai_notes = Remodels into Aviation Cruiser
|Tone/Kai Ni_notes_highlight =
|Chikuma/Kai Ni_notes_highlight =
|Mogami/_notes = Remodels into Aviation Cruiser
|Mikuma/_notes = Remodels into Aviation Cruiser
|Suzuya/_notes = Remodels into Aviation Cruiser
|Kumano/_notes = Remodels into Aviation Cruiser
|Zara/Kai_notes = Can equip seaplane bombers <br>Long range
|Pola/Kai_notes = Can equip seaplane bombers <br>Long range
|Suzuya/Kai Ni_notes = Second remodel (requires [[Glossary#Medal|Blueprint]]), can be remodeled into Light Aircraft Carrier
|Kumano/Kai Ni_notes = Second remodel (requires [[Glossary#Medal|Blueprint]]), can be remodeled into Light Aircraft Carrier
|Tone/Kai Ni_notes = Second remodel (requires [[Glossary#Medal|Blueprint]])
|Chikuma/Kai Ni_notes = Second remodel (requires [[Glossary#Medal|Blueprint]])
|remodel_level_good = 20
|remodel_level_outstanding = 15
|remodel_level_operator = <
|firepower_good = 78
|firepower_outstanding = 83
|torpedo_good = 76
|torpedo_outstanding = 84
|night_battle = true
|night_battle_good = 158
|night_battle_outstanding = 166
|aa_good = 78
|aa_outstanding = 84
|los_good = 55
|los_outstanding = 70
|hp_good = 56
|hp_outstanding = 60
|armor_good = 76
|armor_outstanding = 78
|evasion_good = 79
|evasion_outstanding = 83
|aircraft_good = 
|aircraft_outstanding = 
|aircraft_slot_good = 7
|luck_good = 17
|luck_outstanding = 25
|luck_max_good = 80
|fuel_good = 45
|fuel_outstanding = 40
|fuel_operator = <
|ammo_good = 70
|ammo_outstanding = 60
|ammo_operator = <
|reference_type = 5
|custom_row_subclasses_content = '''Heavy Cruiser Subclasses'''<br />CAV: Aviation Cruiser<br />(they are here for comparison, see [[List of Aviation Cruisers by upgraded maximum stats|Aviation Cruisers]])<br />Highlights here are relative to the Heavy Cruisers above.}}
General Notes:
* All remodelled CAs have 4 equipment slots.
* [[:Category:Myoukou_Class|Myoukou-class]] second remodels come with solid stats and rare equipment.
** [[Myoukou Kai Ni]] has the highest torpedo stats among all the heavy cruisers and the second highest luck stat.
** [[Haguro Kai Ni]] has the 3rd highest base firepower among all the heavy cruisers.
* [[:Category:Tone Class|Tone-class]] Heavy Cruisers will change into to [[EliteCAV|Aviation Cruisers]] (CAV) after their second remodel with blueprints.
** Aviation Cruisers '''can't''' be used in quests or branching rules that explicitly require Heavy Cruisers. They function the same in combat when their special aviation planes are not equipped.
* [[Maya]] has a low remodel level (18) and one of the highest AA stats in game. At lower levels, she will be the strongest Heavy Cruiser for most.
* [[Maya Kai Ni]] has the fourth highest AA in game and has good stats overall for a Heavy Cruisers. However, she will lack damage output when compared to other heavy cruisers when using an AA Cut-in setup. It's a player's choice whether to use her as AA Cruiser or normal heavy cruiser.
** [[25mm Triple Autocannon Mount (Concentrated Deployment)]] and [[Bofors 40mm Quadruple Autocannon Mount]] enable special Anti-air Cut-in types when equipped on [[Maya|Maya Kai Ni]].
* [[Choukai Kai Ni]] has the second highest base firepower and the second highest torpedo stat out of all the Heavy Cruisers and comes with the rare equipment: [[Skilled Lookouts]], [[Type 22 Surface Radar Kai 4]]. However, she requires a blueprint to remodel.
* [[:Category:Aoba Class|Aoba-class]] and [[:Category:Furutaka Class|Furutaka-class]] have low fuel and ammo consumption so consider using them in expeditions that require Heavy Cruisers.
* [[Prinz Eugen Kai]] has the highest survivability and luck stats among all the Heavy Cruisers and comes with valuable rare equipment: [[SKC34 20.3cm Twin Gun Mount]], [[FuMO25 Radar]], and [[Ar196 Kai]]
* [[:Category:Zara Class|Zara-class]] can equip and launch Seaplane Bombers but still count as Heavy Cruisers.
** Considering their low plane slot counts, avoid equipping Seaplane Bombers when dealing with enemy fleets with high AA. Bombers can be wiped out easily, causing loss of Artillery Spotting.
** [[Zara |Zara Due]] has the highest base firepower, highest armor stats and second highest AA among heavy cruisers which making her the strongest heavy cruiser during day battle. However, she maintains her low torpedo stats which makes her underperform in the night battle.
* [[Myoukou]], [[Nachi]] and [[Haguro]] are required to complete the monthly quest [[Quests#Bm1|Bm1]].

==See Also==
{{shiplist}}
* [https://www.reddit.com/r/kancolle/wiki/intermediate#wiki_notable_ships_by_class Notable ships by class - Reddit intermediate players' guide]
[[Category:Heavy Cruisers]]