===Nagato-class Kai Ni Special Cut-In===
Upon remodeling to Kai Ni, {{ShipLink|Nagato Kai Ni|text=Nagato}} and {{ShipLink|Mutsu Kai Ni|text=Mutsu}} obtain a new special attack which involves themselves and the second battleship in the fleet.
====Activation Requirements====
*Nagato Kai Ni or Mutsu Kai Ni must be the flagship of the fleet (in Combined Fleet, Main Fleet flagship).
*The flagship must not be at ''chuuha'' or ''taiha'' state.
*The 2nd ship must not be in ''taiha'' state.
*The fleet must be in '''Echelon Formation''' (in Combined Fleet, '''Cruising Formation 2 (Forward)''').
*The second ship of the fleet must be a [[BB|Battleship]].
*The fleet Nagato Kai Ni or Mutsu Kai Ni is flagship in must have 6 ships in it (none retreated)
*No submarines (SS/SSV) allowed in fleet (Main for Combined Fleet)
====Cut-In Behavior====
*Upon activation, 3 singular attacks against randomly selected enemies will be performed. The flagship will perform the first two shots, while the second ship will perform the third attack.
{|class="wikitable" style="width:100%; text-align: center; vertical-align: middle;"
|-
! style="width: 25%;" colspan="2" |
! style="width: 25%;" | 1st Attack (1st Ship)
! style="width: 25%;" | 2nd Attack (1st Ship)
! style="width: 25%;  | 3rd Attack (2nd Ship)
|-
! colspan="2"| Base Multiplier
| x1.4 || x1.4 || x1.2
|-
! rowspan="3"| 2nd Ship: 
!'''{{ShipLink|Nagato Kai|Mutsu Kai|text=Nagato-class Kai|link_class=Nagato}}'''
| x1.15 || x1.15 || x1.35
|-
!'''{{ShipLink|Nagato Kai Ni|Mutsu Kai Ni|text=Nagato-class Kai Ni|link_class=Nagato}}'''
| x1.2 || x1.2 || x1.4
|-
!'''{{ShipLink|Nelson Kai}}'''
| x1.1 || x1.1 || x1.25
|-
!rowspan="2"|'''AP Shell'''
!Base
|colspan="3"| x1.35
|-
!+'''LOS Radar'''
|colspan="3"| x1.15
|-
!colspan="2"|Total Multiplier
|colspan="3"|'''x2.6082'''
|}
*All the above modifiers stack multiplicatively.
**The multiplier is treated as '''post-cap''' in day battle, and as '''pre-cap''' in night battle.
*Can trigger at both day (first or second shelling rounds) and night battle.
*This attack may only trigger once per '''sortie''' (not once per battle).
**If the cut-in is not performed during battle, it can still be used in following battles.
*An additional 50% ammo will be consumed for this battle. (10% for day battle, 5% for night battle, 15% if both).