==Description==
<div class="floatright">{{EquipmentCardKai|{{PAGENAME}}}}</div>
* Initially introduced with the [[Summer 2017 Event]].
新型航空機材を開発、戦力化するために必要な技術図面です。<br>※任務や装備改修等で使用することで、今後新型機の開発が可能になります。

''A technical drawing that is required for the development and utilisation of new aircraft material. <br>''
''※ Development of new aircraft models will become possible in the future by using this material in quests, equipment upgrading, etc.''
{{clear}}

==Useage==
===In Kanmusu Remodels===
* Remodeling to {{ShipLink|Hyuuga/Kai Ni}} requires '''one''' copy of this item.
* Remodeling to {{ShipLink|Akagi/Kai Ni}} requires '''two''' copies of this item.

===In [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]]===
<!--{{#categorytree:Equipment that consume {{{1|{{PAGENAME}}}}} during improvement|mode=pages|depth=0}}-->
The following equipment conversions through [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]] require this item:
{|class="wikitable" style="width:100%; text-align: center; vertical-align: middle;"
|-
|style="width:35%" | Base Equipment
|style="width:35%" | Converted Equipment
|style="width:10%" | Copies Required
|style="width:20%" | Notes
|-
|{{EquipmentLink|Type 1 Fighter Hayabusa Model II}}
|{{EquipmentLink|Type 1 Fighter Hayabusa Model III A}}
|1
|
|-
|{{EquipmentLink|Spitfire Mk.I}}
|{{EquipmentLink|Spitfire Mk.V}}
|1
|
|-
|{{EquipmentLink|Type 3 Fighter Hien}}
|{{EquipmentLink|Type 3 Fighter Hien Model 1D}}
|1
|
|-
|{{EquipmentLink|Re.2001 OR Kai}}
|{{EquipmentLink|Re.2001 CB Kai}}
|1
|
|-
|{{EquipmentLink|Ka Type Observation Autogyro}}
|{{EquipmentLink|O Type Observation Autogyro Kai}}
|1
|
|-
|{{EquipmentLink|O Type Observation Autogyro Kai Ni}}
|{{EquipmentLink|S-51J}}
|3
|
|-
|{{EquipmentLink|S-51J}}
|{{EquipmentLink|S-51J Kai}}
|1
|
|-
|{{EquipmentLink|Type 97 Torpedo Bomber}}
|{{EquipmentLink|Type 97 Torpedo Bomber (931 Air Group)}}
|1
|
|-
|{{EquipmentLink|Type 97 Torpedo Bomber (931 Air Group)}}
|{{EquipmentLink|Prototype Type 97 Torpedo Bomber Kai No. 3 Model E (w/ Type 6 Airborne Radar Kai)}}
|1
|
|-
|}

===In [[Quests]]===
{{Quest2|Arsenal|filterMatch={{PAGENAME}}|filterGroup=detail_en}}
{{clear}}

==Acquisition==
===From [[Events]]===
Events may reward this item for clearing certain maps on certain difficulties. Previously, this item was rewarded for completing: 
*[[Summer 2017 Event]] E-3 on Hard.
*[[Summer 2017 Event]] E-5 on Medium/Hard.
*[[Summer 2017 Event]] E-6 on Easy/Medium/Hard.
*[[Winter 2018 Event]] E-3 on Easy/Medium/Hard (Hard difficulty received 2 copies of this item).
*[[Spring 2019 Event]] E-1 on Hard.
*[[Spring 2019 Event]] E-2 on Easy/Medium/Hard.
*[[Spring 2019 Event]] E-3 on Medium/Hard (received 2 copies of this item).
*[[Spring 2019 Event]] E-4 on Medium/Hard (received 2 copies of this item).

===From [[Quests]]===
{{Quest2|Composition|Sortie|Exercise|Arsenal|filterMatch={{PAGENAME}}|filterGroup=reward_other}}
{{clear}}

==See Also==
* [[User:Minhfongboy/Other_Quests|Related quests for obtaining the item/equipment by Minhfongboy]]
[[Category:Special Items]]