==Info==
===[[Summer 2014 Event]] Forms===
<div style="display: inline-block;">
====Basic====
{{EnemyShipInfoKai|Northern Princess/|los=auto|los_max=auto|evasion=auto|evasion_max=auto|asw=auto|asw_max=auto}}
</div>

<div style="display: inline-block;">
====Basic II====
{{EnemyShipInfoKai|Northern Princess/II|los=auto|los_max=auto|evasion=auto|evasion_max=auto|asw=auto|asw_max=auto}}
</div>

===[[World 3: 北方海域#3-5|World 3: 北方海域, 3-5]] Forms===
<div style="display: inline-block;">
====Basic III====
{{EnemyShipInfoKai|Northern Princess/III|los=auto|los_max=auto|evasion=auto|evasion_max=auto|asw=auto|asw_max=auto}}
</div>

<div style="display: inline-block;">
====Basic IV====
{{EnemyShipInfoKai|Northern Princess/IV|los=auto|los_max=auto|evasion=auto|evasion_max=auto|asw=auto|asw_max=auto}}
</div>

<div style="display: inline-block;">
====Basic V====
{{EnemyShipInfoKai|Northern Princess/V|los=auto|los_max=auto|evasion=auto|evasion_max=auto|asw=auto|asw_max=auto}}
</div>

<div style="display: inline-block;">
====Basic VI====
{{EnemyShipInfoKai|Northern Princess/VI|los=auto|los_max=auto|evasion=auto|evasion_max=auto|asw=auto|asw_max=auto}}
</div>

{{EnemyShipCategoriesKai|Northern Princess/}}

==Quotes==
{{Abyssquote
|開幕前 =コナイデ…ッテ…イッテル…ノ…… (Normal)
カエレ……ッ！ <br/>(2nd Form)
|EN1 = Don't come closer... I'm... telling you... (Normal)
Go back...!<br/> (2nd Form)
|Note1 = 
|砲撃 = シズンデェ！ (Normal)
チョウシニ…ノルナッ！ (2nd Form)


カエレ……ッ！ <br/>(in 3-5)
|EN0 = Sink! (Normal)
Don't get... too elated! (2nd Form)


Go back...!  <br/>(in 3-5)
|Note0 = <span style="font-size:12px">''A less literal translation of the second form line would be 'Don't think you've won!'''</span>
|被弾 = 	ゼロ…オイテケ…… (Normal)
レップウ…オイテケ…… (2nd Form)
|EN2 = Give me... the Zero... (Normal)
Give me... the Reppuu... (2nd Form)
|Note2 = [[#Trivia|A reference to the Akutan Zero]].
|昼戦終了時 = イツカ…タノシイウミデ……イツカ……
|EN3 = One day... In a more fun sea... One day...
|Note3 = 

|Clip1 = {{Audio|file=Northern Hime Intro1.ogg}}<br/>{{Audio|file=Northern Hime Intro2.ogg}}
|Clip0 = {{Audio|file=Northern Hime Attack1.ogg}}<br/>{{Audio|file=Northern Hime Attack2.ogg}}<br><br>{{Audio|file=Northern Hime Intro2.ogg}}
|Clip2 = {{Audio|file=Northern Hime Damaged1.ogg}}<br/>{{Audio|file=Northern Hime Damaged2.ogg}}
|Clip3 = {{Audio|file=Northern Hime Destroyed.ogg}}}}
{{clear}}


==Character==
* [[Glossary#List of Vessels by Artist|'''Artist''']]: Akira (アキラ)
* The youngest by appearance in the Shinkaisei-kan's fleet of "Himes", she is often depicted as the child character of said fleet. Due to similar appearances, Seaport Hime is often seen as the parent-like figure, and Airfield Hime as her elder sister. She is also shown together with Midway Hime and Aircraft Carrier Hime, whose first appearances are in the same Summer Event. She is also associated with [[Ryuujou]], as the Akutan Zero (see below) originally belonged to her.

* '''[[Glossary#List of Vessels by Japanese Voice Actresses|Seiyuu]]''': [http://myanimelist.net/people/8555/Hisako_Kanemoto Kanemoto Hisako] (金元寿子)

== Appearance ==
* She is depicted with long white hair, red eyes, two small triangular horns, a white sleeveless dress, white mittens, black side-tie panties, bare feet and an ahoge.
{{clear}}
==Notes==
* Introduced in the [[Summer 2014 Event]].
* Returned via the September 12th, 2014 Update.
** [[World 3: 北方海域#3-5|World 3: 北方海域, 3-5]] in a pre-boss node.
** First voiced enemy in a non-event map.
** First installation-type in a non-event map.
* Weak against [[Type 3 Shell]] & [[WG42 (Wurfgerät 42)|WG42]] as with all installation-type bosses.
* Installation-type damage text differs from seafaring Abyssals:
** Slightly damaged (小破) →　Confused (混乱)
** Moderately damaged (中破) →　Damaged (損害)
** Heavily damaged (大破) → Broken (損壊)
** Sunken (撃沈) →　Destroyed (破壊)
* Known as "Dutch Harbor" & "Hoppou-chan" (北方 = 'Hoppou' = Northern).
* [[Music#Game Music List|Her 3-5 battle theme]] is ''Protection of the Warrior Spirit''.
** "Warrior Spirit" (士魂 ''shikon'') is a reference to the Imperial Japanese Army's [[Toku Daihatsu Landing Craft + 11th Tank Regiment|11th Armored Regiment]] that was stationed on Shumshu and Paramushir, Kuril Islands (Chishima Archipelago) at the end of the war. It was also known as 「士魂」部隊 (''shikon butai'', lit. ''Warrior Spirit Unit'') because 士 can be taken apart into 十一 i.e. "11".<ref>https://ja.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E7%AC%AC11%E6%88%A6%E8%BB%8A%E5%A4%A7%E9%9A%8A</ref>
*** The JGSDF 11th Tank Battalion inherited the title of the IJA 11th Armor Regiment.
{{clear}}

==Trivia==
* The plane she is carrying on her second form is the [[wikipedia:Akutan_Zero|Akutan Zero]], an [[Type 21 Zero Fighter|A6M Zero fighter]] that crash-landed on Akutan Island and was captured by the United States during the Aleutian Islands Campaign. The capture allowed them to study it in detail and learn how to fight it.
* Her sudden overwhelming popularity led the developers to turn her into a mainstay for 3-5.
* Her catchphrase <em>kaere!</em> (カエレ！) is officially translated as "Go back!", but a popular alternate translation has it as "Go home!".
* E2 Stage boss of Kantai Collection's Aleutian Islands/Midway Islands Summer 2014 Event.
{{clear}}
==References==
<references/>
==See Also==
* [[{{PAGENAMEE}}/Gallery|View {{PAGENAME}} CG]]
* [[wikipedia:Dutch_Harbor|Wikipedia entry on Dutch Harbor]]
{{Enemyshiplist}}
[[Category:Bosses]]
[[Category:Enemy Vessel]]
[[Category:Abyssal Land Bases]]