# '''New Remodel'''
#* [[Furutaka|Furutaka Kai Ni]] ('''Level 65''', {{Ammo}}480 {{Steel}}380, Blueprint '''NOT''' required)
# '''Jukebox Update'''
#* New song 「連合艦隊の出撃」(the song from autumn event) can be requested and set as base BGM. 
#* The song 「冬の抜錨」 can no longer be requested. However, some of the new furniture will play this BGM.
#* The request cost for 「明石の工廠」「秋月の空」 has been changed to 1000 coins. 
# '''[[Furniture]]'''
#* '''New release'''
#** 「白い冬の壁紙」 White Winter Wallpaper ('''1200 coins''')
#** 「冬のモダンアート壁紙」 Winter's Modern Art Wallpaper (Different color) ('''750 coins''')
#** 「白いカーテンの小窓」White small curtain window ('''330 coins''')
#** 「白と青のツリー」 White and blue tree (With BGM) ('''5000 coins + Furniture Fairy''')
#** 「冬の飾り付け」 Winter's Decoration (With BGM [Same as W&B Tree]) ('''1200 coins''')
#** 「雪原の床」 Snow field's bed (Special Furniture) ('''3300 coins + Furniture Fairy''')
#** 「ジュークボックス改」 Jukebox Kai (Special furniture) ('''8000 coins + Furniture Fairy''') (''It does the same thing, but its on the right'')
#* '''Back on sale'''
#** 「高級和風壁紙」High-grade Japanese style wallpaper - '''(700 coins)'''
#** 「和のシンプル壁紙」Japanese style simple wall paper - '''(300 coins)'''
#** 「青カーテン＆窓」Window with blue curtain - '''(100 coins)'''
#** 「晩秋の高級和窓」Late autumn high-grade Japanese style window''' - (1980 coins)'''
#** 「艦娘による冬の窓」Winter window decorated by kanmusus - '''(1300 coins)'''
#** 「障子デラックス」 Deluxe shoji '''- (300 coins + Furniture Fairy)'''
#** 「鎮守府のツリー」 Christmas tree in Chinju-hu '''(Free)'''
#** 「駆逐艦娘のツリー」 DD kanmusus' Christmas tree '''- (3000 coins + Furniture Fairy)'''
#** 「七面鳥のご馳走」 Dinner of turkey '''- (3000 coins + Furniture Fairy)'''
#** 「早く出しすぎた炬燵」 Prematurely evacuated Kotatsu (''The pot is there now!'') '''- (3500 coins + Furniture Fairy)'''
#** 「やかんストーブ」 Stove with kettle '''- (2000 coins + Furniture Fairy)'''
#** 「Ｚ旗の暖炉」 Fireplace with Z flag '''- (22000 coins)'''
# '''New Quest'''
#* 「第六戦隊」南西海域へ出撃せよ！(The Sixth Cruiser Division sorties to 南西諸島海域(World 2))
#* 海上護衛強化月間 (Escort missions enhancement month)
#* 「空母機動部隊」西へ！(CV Kidō Butai goes west!)
#* There are prerequisite quests that needed to be completed in order to receive those quests.
# '''About [[Akashi]]'''
#* Akashi is no longer in 1-5 and 2-5's drop list.
#* However, if you do NOT have any Akashi, then you can still get her from 2-5's drop.
# '''Voice and other Updates'''
#* [[Furutaka|Furutaka Kai]] new resupply/idle/married port voices
#* [[Furutaka|Furutaka Kai Ni]] new port/battle etc. voices
#* [[Zuihou]] new port/battle etc. voices
#* [[Hamakaze]] new port/battle etc. voices
#* [[Ooyodo]] new port voices
#* [[Harusame|Harusame Kai]] now has new CGs for her normal and damaged state.
#* [[Prinz Eugen]] and [[Junyou]]'s gallery description text fixed.
#* [[41cm Twin Gun Mount]] can be modded in [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]] (But some help is needed from certain Kanmusu).
#* [[Searchlight]] now can be equipped by slow battleships (implemented today).