{{Under Construction
|Desc = based on Logbook/ElectronicObserver battle rank detection [https://github.com/andanteyk/ElectronicObserver/blob/51c42cd68982d139a68ce01d1b5224d6d5065df2/ElectronicObserver/Window/FormBattle.cs#L1150 algorithm], it is known to work well, but is incomplete (mainly in sinking conditions). For complementary info, see [[Template:VictoryConditions]] and [http://wikiwiki.jp/kancolle/?%BE%A1%CD%F8%BE%F2%B7%EF wikiwiki article] (merging required).
|Page Adopted =
}}
==Victory Conditions==
{{For|victory conditions for Air Raid Battles (空襲戦)|Events/Mechanics}}
The rank of battles and [[PvP]] is evaluated as follows (in order, from top to bottom):
* Perfect S (完全勝利, Total Victory)
** All enemy ships sunk and no damage taken.
* S (勝利, Victory)
** All enemy ships sunk and no allied ships sunk.
* A (勝利, Victory)
** Required number of enemy ships sunk and no allied ships sunk. The required number is defined by enemy ships sunk >= 60% of enemy ships rounded: at least 1 out of 2, 2 out of 3, 2 out of 4, 3 out of 5, and 4 out of 6.
* B (戦術的勝利, Tactical Victory)
** The allied damage gauge is higher than 250% of the enemy damage gauge: allied damage gauge > 2.5 * enemy damage gauge.
*** The '''damage gauge''' is defined as an integer percentage: floor(100 * total damage dealt / initial opponent HP) or floor(100 * (initial opponent HP - final opponent HP) / initial opponent HP).
** Otherwise, if no allied ships sunk:
*** Enemy flagship sunk.
** Or if one or more allied ships sunk:
*** All enemy ships sunk.
*** Or enemy flagship sunk and number of allied ships sunk < number of enemy ships sunk.
* <span style="color:red;">C (戦術的敗北, Tactical Defeat)</span>
** The allied damage gauge is higher than 90% of the enemy damage gauge: allied damage gauge > 0.9 * enemy damage gauge.
** Or, if one or more allied ships sunk, enemy flagship sunk and number of allied ships sunk lower than number of enemy ships sunk. ''(incomplete)''
* <span style="color:red;">E (敗北, Defeat)</span>
** All allied ships sunk except the flagship in a fleet of 2 or more ships. ''(incomplete)''
* <span style="color:red;">D (敗北, Defeat)</span>
** Otherwise.

===Notes===
* S, A, and B ranks are ''victory'' ranks, C, D, and E are ''defeat'' ranks.
* B rank is the minimal rank required to clear a map without boss gauge, to score a victory in [[quests]], or to obtain a drop from a node.
* A rank or above is typically necessary for obtaining rare drops, while S rank usually gives better drops rates and can be required for some very rare drops.
* It is possible to clear maps with boss gauges (e.g. [[4-4]], [[5-3]], or [[event]] maps) with a C rank if the enemy flagship is sunk.