# New remodels
#* [[Sendai| Sendai Kai2]] at lv60.
#* [[Ayanami| Ayanami Kai2]] at lv70.
# New equipment
#* [[Star Shell]], unbuildable, [[Ayanami| Ayanami Kai2]] and [[Sendai| Sendai Kai2]] stock equipment.
#** Increases your fleet cut-in rate, decreases enemy cut-in rate, can fail.
#* [[Type 98 Recon Seaplane (Night Scout)]], [[Sendai| Sendai Kai2]] stock equipment.
#** Increases your fleet critical hit rate during night combat.
# Voice addition
#* [[Sendai| Sendai Kai]] received new supply, sortie, marriage lines.
#* [[Sendai| Sendai Kai2]] received additional supply and idle lines.
#* [[Ayanami| Ayanami Kai]] received new supply, sortie, marriage lines.
#* [[Ayanami| Ayanami Kai2]] received hourly quotes.
# UI addition
#* The equipment log book was extended to 150 slots.
# [[Bismarck|Bismarck Zwei]] related fixes
#* Firepower, Anti-air and Luck maximum stat cap increased.
#* Evasion and LOS minimum and maximum stat cap increased.
# [[53cm Submarine Bow Torpedo Mount (8 tubes)]] related fixes
#* This equipment is now restricted to Submarine and Submarine Aircraft Carriers.
#* This equipment can now be used to trigger a cut-in attack.
# Bug fixes
#* "Select all" button in the Supply tab is easier to click now.
#* Fixed a bug that made Married ships more difficult to "lock/unlock".
#* Fixed a bug that enabled ships equipped with 2x[[12.7cm Twin High-Angle Mount (Late Model)]] to Double Attack subs.
#* Fixed various bugs in the Furniture shop.
#* Fixed a bug that caused a page switch in the Remodelling tab.