==Seasonal Content==
{{SeasonalGallery|slideshow=true|Kisaragi/Setsubun}}
New [[Seasonal/Setsubun 2018|Setsubun CG]] for {{ShipLink|Kisaragi}}.
{{clear}}

==Ranking Rewards==
{{Update/RankingRewards

|new_equipment = Saiun (4th Recon Squad)
|new_equipment_2 = 46cm Triple Gun Mount Kai
|new_equipment_3 = FM-2
|new_equipment_4 = 12cm 30-tube Rocket Launcher Kai Ni

|top5_1 = Saiun (4th Recon Squad)
|top5_1_x = 1
|top5_2 = 46cm Triple Gun Mount Kai
|top5_2_x = 1
|top5_3 = FM-2
|top5_3_x = 1
|top5_4 = 12cm 30-tube Rocket Launcher Kai Ni
|top5_4_x = 1

|top20_1 = 46cm Triple Gun Mount Kai
|top20_1_x = 1
|top20_2 = FM-2
|top20_2_x = 1
|top20_3 = 12cm 30-tube Rocket Launcher Kai Ni
|top20_3_x = 1

|top100_1 = Prototype 41cm Triple Gun Mount
|top100_1_x = 1
|top100_2 = FM-2
|top100_2_x = 1
|top100_3 = 12cm 30-tube Rocket Launcher Kai Ni
|top100_3_x = 1

|top500_1 = FM-2
|top500_1_x = 1
|top500_2 = 12cm 30-tube Rocket Launcher Kai Ni
|top500_2_x = 1

|notes = 
*Some of the Equipment released today are Pre-Released Contents. They will be released via next update and during the Winter 2018 Event.
*The Pre-released Equipment 「12cm 30-tube Rocket Launcher Kai Ni」 are Remodeled New Model Rocket Launchers based from Warfare. <br>This Equipment is utilized by Aviation Battleship Ise Kai & Hyuuga Kai by combining it with other Anti-Air Equipment in order to have a high Anti-Air Performance.
*Today's Pre-released Equipment 「46cm Triple Gun Mount Kai」 is a Remodeled Battleship Gun Mount based for Warfare.<br> They will show their true performance when utilizied by Yamato-class Battleships. <br>Also for the Second Remodel of the Yamato-class Battleship Number #2 Ship scheduled for this Winter Release, a Different Main Gun Mount is scheduled to be its Main Equipment.

|tweet1 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/956687742296969216
|tweet1_jp = 明日【1/27(土)】夕方以降に、月次作戦【十二月作戦】結果情報をゲーム画面下【情報】にてお知らせする予定です。また、月次作戦トップランカー提督に贈る武勲褒賞を、同発表以降に順次配信してまいります。※明日配信開始の武勲褒賞群は、来月以降実装予定の新装備の先行実装を含む構成です。
|tweet1_en = Tomorrow on the Evening of January 27th Saturday, the results of the Monthly December Operation will be displayed on the Information section under the Game Screen.
Also the applicable Monthly Top Ranker Admirals will be receiving their Rewards by order after the release of the Results.
※The Rewards which will be distributed tomorrow are Pre-released New Equipment Contents scheduled to be implemented next month.
|tweet1_tl = [[User:Shinhwalee|Shinhwalee]]

|tweet2 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/957068708614033408
|tweet2_jp = 本日【1/27(土)】夕方以降に、月次作戦【十二月作戦】結果情報をゲーム画面下【情報】にてお知らせする予定です。同月次作戦トップランカー提督に贈る武勲褒賞も同発表以降に順次配信開始予定です。また、同配信前後より「如月」【節分mode】の追加実装、各稼働サーバ群に投入開始予定です！
|tweet2_en = Today January 27th, Saturday Evening, the Results of the December Monthly Ranking Operation will be displayed on the Information section under the Game Screen.
The Rewards for the Monthly Operation Top Ranker Admirals will also be distributed out correspondingly. 
Also during the distribution, an additional implemention for Kisaragi's Setsubun Mode will be released for all Servers!
|tweet2_tl = [[User:Shinhwalee|Shinhwalee]]

}}