# '''New Voices'''
#* [[Kitakami]] and [[Ooi]] now have new voices. The CL version of those two ladies now have new idle voice, new supply voice and a new line after wedding in CL form. Also, they fixed some voices when they are in CL form. There's new voices for the CL(t) version of them, too.
#*  Both of them now have hourly notifications.
# '''New Remodel'''
#* New Kai Ni ship: [[Hatsuharu]]
#*  No blueprint is needed. The level for Kai Ni is 65. The equipment after Kai Ni is: [[12.7cm Twin Mount Type-B Kai 2]], [[Type 13 Air RADAR]] and [[25mm Triple Autocannon Mount]]
#*  There's also plans to add new voices in the future.
# '''New mechanics for AP shells'''
#* After this update,when you have AP shells and Large-Caliber cannons (i.e. [[41cm Twin Gun Mount|41cm]], [[46cm Triple Gun Mount|46cm]] etc,) on the same ship, there will be a buff applied to both Hit and Firepower when attacking [Heavily armored enemy ships] and [Bosses](such as [[Anchorage Demon]] and [[Airfield Princess]] etc.) also there will be balance to all the equipment you have on your ship. (The balance is not disclosed)
#* Also, the buff ONLY applies during the Shelling rounds(1st and 2nd).
#* The buff ONLY applies when you have a Large-Caliber cannon
#* There's buff applied to other equipment too.
# '''New [[Quests]]'''
#* One time quest - 【主力戦艦部隊「第二戦隊」を編成せよ！】(Literally as to form a main BB fleet called 'Second Fleet') (4BBs from Nagato Class and Fusou Class)
#* One time quest -【「第二戦隊」抜錨！】(A sortie quest, need 2 S victories from 4-2 Boss)
#* Monthly quest - 【「水上打撃部隊」南方へ！】 (Info unknown, maybe something to do w/ 6-1)
# '''New Equipments'''
#* ''Type 1 AP Shell ''(This can be obtained from the new quest,「第二戦隊」抜錨！ )
#* Large-Caliber cannon ''46cm Twin Gun Mount Prototype ''
#* Seaplane ''Shiun ''(Both ''Shiun ''and ''46cm Twin Gun Mount Prototype'' are the ranking rewards. However, there will be quests in the future that provide a chance to get them.)
# '''New mechanics for equipment lock'''
#* Now you can lock equipment
#* The equipment can't be scrapped when locked
#* Ships that have locked equipment can't be scrapped either.
#* The 機種転換 quest can't be finished when the equipment is locked.
#* The locked equipment will disappear when the ship is destroyed. (Just....don't. Please.)
# '''Misc'''
#* Now you can have up to 210 ships and 940 equipment.