=={{#if:{{{thread|}}}|[[Partials/Events/Early Fall 2018 Event/Content|Content]]|[[Thread:678509|Early Fall 2018 Event]]}}==
{{#if:{{{thread|}}}||''For a full debriefing on the game update (including developer tweets), you may wish to refer to [[Partials/Events/Early Fall 2018 Event|this link]].''}}

==Event Information==
===General Information===
* The Event will be "Slightly Big" Medium-Scale of 5 Maps (including Multiple Phases)
* Main Operation will take place in Southwestern to Western Seas.
* Extra Operation will be based in Europe, and will travel further up North.
*The Yuugumo-class Destroyer 'Kishinami' will be a DROP in the latter half of the Main Operations.
*CVL Shin'you will be a Largely remodeled 'IF' Aircraft Carrier and will have Kai Ni included.
*The Extra Operation will have '''3 New Ship Girls'''
*The Light Cruiser Gotland will be similar to a CAV, and will be remodeled into an '''Anti-Air Cruiser''', and has Kai Ni Remodel planned for future release.
*E-4 will have a New Ship Girl who will also be showing up as a New Abyssal Boss who is actually the Elder Sister of an already existing Ship.
*Extra Operations will have many Rare Ships available as Drop, including {{ShipLink|Bismarck}}, {{ShipLink|Graf Zeppelin}}, {{ShipLink|Prinz Eugen}}, {{ShipLink|Littorio|Roma|Pola|Zara|Libeccio|Aquila|Luigi Torelli|text=Italian Ship Girls}}, and {{ShipLink|Ark Royal}}.
*E-5 will have the new Big 7 Nelson-class Battleship: Nelson.
**As Nelson is the 1st Battleship to be implemented post Phase 2, a Future Mechanic is planned for her which the Development Code is "Nelson Touch". 
***However if timing is not right, it may not be implemented...


===Main Operations===
====E-1 : Southwestern Ocean Operational Theaters : Bali Island Front Seas====

*E-1 will be an Anti-Submarine Warfare Operations Map.
*A highly trained Torpedo Squadron (CL and DDs) is required
*There will be Resource Points where if you bring Daihatsu and/or Drum Canisters, you can obtain Extra Resources. (Time to farm some resources Admirals!)
*The Boss will be New Submarine Hime in Vacation Mode.
**Bring your {{Sonar}} SONAR + {{DepthCharge}} Depth Charge.

====E-2: Southern Ocean Operational Theaters : Northern Strait of Malacca====
*The Map will first be composed of a Transport Operation via a Frontline Fleet.
*The Key is to balance out Surface Battle Equipment and Transport Operation Equipment ({{EquipmentLink|Drum Canister (Transport Use)}} and/or {{EquipmentLink|Daihatsu Landing Craft}}) in the Fleet
*After the completion of the Transport Operation, you will be able to clear through the Boss.
**Seems to be 1st Phase: TP Operation then 2nd Phase: Boss Kill
*The Boss is {{ShipLink|Supply Depot Princess}} in Vacation Mode. 
**Bring your {{GreenAmmo}} Type 3 Shell / {{WG42}} WG42 / {{LandingCraft}} Daihatsu Tanks

====E-3: Southern Ocean Operational Theaters Southwestern Ceylon Island Seas====
*This Operation requires Combined Fleet for a Decisive Battle of the Main Operations!
*You must first defeat the Harbour Summer Hime in the Western Area of Ceylon Island.
**Bring your {{GreenAmmo}} Type 3 Shell / {{WG42}} WG42 / {{LandingCraft}} Daihatsu Tanks
*You will then find the Main Enemy Fleet of the Main Operations, which you must obliterate.
**1st Phase Boss: Harbour Summer Hime
**2nd Phase Boss: ????

===New Ships===
*Total of Five '''(5)''' "Various" New Ships will be implemented in the Event.
** Nelson (BB) 
** ???? 
** Gotland (CL) | Drop in Extra Operations
** Kishinami (DD) | Drop
** Shinyou (CVL) | E-3 Reward