The Zero (零, ''rei''), or Zero-type (零式, ''rei-shiki'') may refer any of the following variants of the Mitsubishi A6M fighter plane designated as the ''Navy Type 0 Carrier Fighter,'' codenamed "Zeke" by the Allies:
* [[Type 21 Zero Fighter|Type 0 Fighter Model 21]] - A6M2 Type 0 Model 21, the original production Zero fighter. Stock equipment of early Standard Carriers such as [[Akagi]].
** [[Type 0 Fighter Model 21 (Skilled)]] - Type 0 Model 21 Fighter Squadron piloted by Skilled Air Crews. Stock equipment for [[Souryuu]] Kai Ni and [[Hiryuu]] Kai Ni.
** [[Zero Fighter Model 21 (w/ Iwamoto Flight)]] - Type 0 Model 21 Fighter Squadron which includes a Flight led by Ace Fighter Pilot Tetsuzo Iwamoto.
* [[Type 0 Fighter Model 32]] - A6M3 Type 0 Model 32, The first major variant of the original Zero Fighter, boasting a more powerful engine and shorter, clipped wings.
** [[Type 0 Fighter Model 32 (Skilled)]] - Type 0 Model 32 Fighter Squadron piloted by Skilled Air Crews.
* [[Type 52 Zero Fighter|Type 0 Fighter Model 52]] - A6M5 Type 0 Model 52, the most widely produced variant by Mitsubishi and Nakajima. Stock equipment for most Light and Standard Carriers in their Kai form.
** [[Type 0 Fighter Model 52 (Skilled)]] - Type 0 Model 52 Fighter Squadron piloted by Skilled Air Crews.
** [[Zero Fighter Model 52A (w/ Iwamoto Flight)]] - A6M5a Type 0 Model 52A - a variant of the Model 52 armed with belt-fed rather drum-fed autocannons and redesigned wings. This squadron includes a Flight led by Ace Fighter Pilot Tetsuzo Iwamoto.
** [[Zero Fighter Type 52 Type C (601 Air Group)|Zero Fighter Model 52C (601st Air Group)]] - A6M5c Type 0 Model 52C - a variant of the Model 52 with different armament, engine and armoring. Piloted by the Elite Pilots of the 601st Naval Air Group. Stock equipment of [[Unryuu]] Kai, [[Amagi]] Kai and [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Katsuragi Katsuragi] Kai.
** [[Zero Fighter Model 52C (w/ Iwai Flight)]] - Zero Model 52C Squadron which includes a Flight led by Ace Fighter Pilot Tsutomu Iwai.
* [[Type 0 Fighter Model 53 (Iwamoto Squadron)]] - A6M6c Type 0 Model 53 - A derivative of the Model 52C fighter equip with a newer engine and self-sealing wing fuel tanks. This squadron is lead by Ace Fighter Pilot Tetsuzo Iwamoto.
* [[Type 62 Zero Fighter-bomber|Type 0 Fighter Model 62 (Fighter-Bomber)]] - A6M7 Type 0 Model 62, a late model designed for kamikaze and attack-bombing roles. Stock equipment of [[Taihou]] and [[Ryuujou]] Kai Ni.
** [[Zero Fighter Model 62 (Fighter-bomber / Iwai Squadron)]] - A Zero Fighter-Bomber Squadron led by Ace Fighter Pilot Tsutomu Iwai.

It may also refer to the:
* [[Type 0 Recon Seaplane|Type 0 Reconnaissance Seaplane]] - Aichi E13A (Allied reporting name "Jake")
* [[Type 0 Observation Seaplane]] - Mitsubishi F1M (Allied reporting name "Pete")
==See Also==
[[wikipedia:Mitsubishi A6M|Mitsubishi A6M]]
{{Equipmentlist}}