==Victory Conditions==
{{For|victory conditions for Air Raid Battles (空襲戦)|Events/Mechanics}}
{{For|alternative formulation of victory conditions|Partials/Victory Conditions}}

;Perfect S (完全勝利, Total Victory)
*All enemy ships sunk and no damage taken.
;S (勝利, Victory)
*All enemy ships sunk and no allied ships sunk.
;A (勝利, Victory)
*Required number of enemy ships sunk (see below) and no allied ships sunk.
;B (戦術的勝利, Tactical Victory)
* Sinking the enemy flagship guarantees at least a B as long as no allied ships are sunk.
*Enemy flagship sunk, friendly ship sunk and number of friendly ships sunk < number of enemy ships sunk.
*Damage gauge at least 2.5 times higher enemy damage gauge.
* This rate is the minimum requirement to clear maps without boss gauge.
;C (戦術的敗北, Tactical Defeat)
*Didn't clear any of the conditions for A or B, but enemy took over a certain amount of damage.
*Damage gauge higher than enemy gauge, but not reaching 2.5 times as much.
*Friendly ship sunk, damage gauge higher than enemy, but not 2.5 times as much.
*Friendly ship sunk, enemy flagship sunk and number of friendly ships sunk lower than number of enemy ships sunk. It is possible to clear maps with boss gauges (eg. 4-4, 5-3, event maps) with a C if the enemy flagship is sunk.
;D (敗北, Defeat)
*Enemy took less than a certain amount of damage.
**Both sides taking 0 damage is also D.
**If your fleet consist only 1 ship and it is reaching Heavy Damage without meeting any winning requirements, it will instantly judged as D as well.
*Damage gauge lower than enemy gauge.
*Friendly ship sunk, not all enemy ships sunk, and gauge lower than enemy gauge.
;E (敗北, Defeat)<ref>[http://googl.com/#q=艦これ_e_敗北 艦これ e 敗北 - Google search]</ref>
*Over a certain number of friendly ships sunk. (see below)
*Friendly ship sunk while not meeting any victory conditions.
*No damage done to enemy, while taking over a certain amount (Never happens in a fleet of 1).

==='''Notes'''===
*The Minimum Sunk Requirement:
** 4 ships out of a fleet of 6
** 3 ships out of a fleet of 5
** 2 ships out of a fleet of 4
** 2 ships out of a fleet of 3
** 1 ship out of a fleet of 2
*Victory status affects the chance of getting drops and rare drops on the specified node.
**B rank or above is necessary to obtain drops.
**A rank or above is typically necessary for obtaining rare drops.
**S rank has a higher chance of obtaining rare drops than A rank, and is required for some very rare drops.
***Getting Perfect S does not give you an increased drop rate, compared to a regular S rank.