=={{#if:{{{thread|}}}|[[Partials/Updates/2018_May_{{Ordinal|15}}/Content|Content]]|[[Thread:661798|{{Ordinal|15}} May]]}}==
{{#if:{{{thread|}}}||''For a full debriefing on the game update (including developer tweets), you may wish to refer to 
[[Partials/Updates/2018_May_{{Ordinal|15}}|this link]].''}}

===[[Spring 2018 Mini Event]]===
*The food collection mini event has begun!
**You will be required to accumulate a certain amount of "Food" Items and clear through the Limited-time Spring Mini-Event Quests.
***This Mini-Event is similar to the past [[Mackerel|Saury]] and [[Seasonal/Hishimochi 2015|Hishimochi]] Mini-Events. 
**By clearing through the Quests, you will be able to obtain satisfactory Equipment as reward.
**A special KanColle 5th Anniversary BGM will be available throughout certain Normal Maps.
*Several [[List of coastal defense ships by upgraded maximum stats|coastal defense ships]] are available to obtain as Drops for a Limited-time. 

===New Coastal Defense Ship Fukae===
{{SeasonalGallery|slideshow=true|Fukae}}
*A new Coastal Defense ship {{ShipLink|Fukae}} has been implemented!
**She will be obtainable as a limited-time drop during the [[Spring 2018 Mini Event]]. 
{{clear}}

===Shiranui Kai Ni Remodel===
{{SeasonalGallery|slideshow=true|Shiranui/Kai Ni}}
*Kai Ni Upgrade: {{ShipLink|Shiranui/Kai Ni}}
**Requires lvl 72
**'''Requires a [[Medal|Blueprint]]'''
**Stock equipment:
***{{EquipmentLink|12.7cm Twin Gun Mount Model C Kai 2}} ★+5
***{{EquipmentLink|25mm Triple Autocannon Mount}} ★+5
***{{EquipmentLink|Type 3 Active Sonar}}
**Can equip:
***[[Anti-torpedo Bulge (Medium)|Medium anti-torpedo bulges]]
***[[Fleet Command Facility]] and [[Striking Force Fleet Command Facility]]
{{clear}}

===Akashi's Improvement Arsenal Update===
*{{EquipmentLink|61cm Triple (Oxygen) Torpedo Mount Late Model}} can be now improved through [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]] with a certain's Shipgirl as support.
*{{EquipmentLink|61cm Quadruple (Oxygen) Torpedo Mount Late Model}} can be improved as well with a certain's Shipgirl as support.
{{{!}} class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed wikitable" style="text-align: center; width:100%;"
! colspan="1" {{!}}{{new}}<!--&{{updated}}-->Akashi's Improvement Arsenal: Equipment Tables
{{!}}-
{{!}}{{ImprovementTableKai
|!new
|#
|61cm Triple (Oxygen) Torpedo Mount Late Model
|61cm Quadruple (Oxygen) Torpedo Mount Late Model
|custom_row_new_content = <h3>New Equipment</h3>
}}
<!--{{!}}-
{{!}}{{ImprovementTableKai
|!updated
|#
|
|custom_row_updated_content = <h3>Updated Equipment</h3>
}}-->
{{!}}}
{{clear}}

===Misc===
{{SeasonalGallery|slideshow=true|Commandant Teste/Zuiun}}

*{{ShipLink|Commandant Teste}} has received a New 'Zuiun Mode' CG.
*The possible maximum ship/equipment slots values have been increased to 370 Ship Slots and 1580 Equipment Slots.
*The Limited-time expanded areas of possibly obtaining {{ShipLink|Uzuki}} as Drop will return to normal. 
*The previously released 5th Anniversary Limited-time Quest from the [[Thread:660728|April 23rd Update]] will stay available until '''Mid June'''.