__NOTOC__
<div style="float:right">{{Edit|Partials/Updates/2017 March 17th}}</div>
{{clear}}
{| class="wikitable"
!Time until maintenance starts:
!Time until maintenance ends:
|-
| align="center" |
{{Timer
|time = March 17 2017 11:00:00 +0900
|style = font-weight:bold;
|endClass = Maintstarts
|endText = '''Maintenance has begun.'''}}
| align="center" |
{{Timer
|time = March 17 2017 18:00:00 +0900
|style = font-weight:bold;
|endClass = Maintends
|endText = '''Maintenance has ended.'''}}
|-
! scope="row" | Maintenance start date and time:
| align="center" | March 17 2017 11:00
|-
! scope="row" | Expected maintenance end date and time:
| align="center" | March 17 2017 18:00
|-
! scope="row" | Actual maintenance end date and time:
| align="center" | March 17 2017 18:00
|}

{{:Partials/Updates/2017_March_17th/Content|thread=true}}

== Developer tweets ==
<tabber>Pre-Update tweets=
{{MultiTweet
|MultiTweetID = preUpdate
|color = #ace
|title = Pre Update

|link01 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/838549654706892800
|JP01 = 「艦これ」稼働全サーバ群共通メンテナンスは、次回は【3/17(金)】に実施させて頂く予定です。現在実装中の艦娘「ホワイトデー」ボイスは、同メンテナンスに伴うアップデートまでの期間限定実装です。
|EN01 = The next KanColle Maintenance & Updates is scheduled for Friday, March 17th. White Day Seasonal Voicelines will only be available until this date.
|TL01 = [[User:Shinhwalee|Shinhwalee]]

|link02 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/840375435020009472
|JP02 = 次回の「艦これ」稼働全サーバ群共通メンテナンス＆アップデートは、来週【3/17(金)】に実施予定です。同メンテナンス突入を以て、現在実装中の艦娘「ホワイトデー」期間限定実装ボイスは実装終了です。家具屋さんのお品書きも、春本番に向けて更新される予定です
|EN02 = The next KanColle Maintenance & Update will take place next week March 17TH, Friday. White Day Seasonal Voicelines will only be available until this date. Spring seasonal furniture is also expected to be implemented during this update.
|TL02 = [[User:Shinhwalee|Shinhwalee]]

|link03 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/840739194896973825
|JP03 = 次回「艦これ」稼働全サーバ群共通メンテナンス＆メンテナンスは、【3/17(金)】に実施予定です。次回メンテナンスに伴うアップデートでは、艦隊編成を記録＆展開できる「編成記録枠」の最大拡張枠数が、最大【10編成】に拡張される予定です。
|EN03 = The next KanColle Maintenance & Update will take place next week March 17th, Friday. From this update, the maximum slots available for the Fleet Organization Save Frames will be increased to 10. 
|TL03 = [[User:Shinhwalee|Shinhwalee]]


|link04 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/841448974347202560
|JP04 = 本日はホワイトデーです。現在「艦これ」では、艦娘「ホワイトデー」ボイスを期間限定実装中です。「艦娘へのクッキー」(※本アイテムは、攻略には特に必要ありません)も取り扱い中です。同ボイスや関連家具、クッキー販売は【3/17(金)】のメンテナンスまでの期間限定実装です。
|EN04 = Today is White Day. Currently KanColle is available with Ship Girls with White Day Seasonal Voicelines, along with 'Cookie for Ship Girl' item (This item isn't specially needed for any gameplay). The Seasonal Voicelines and related furniture will only be available until the next maintenance scheduled for March 17th, Friday.
|TL04 = [[User:Shinhwalee|Shinhwalee]]

|link05 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/841810825761382400
|JP05 = 次回「艦これ」稼働全サーバ群共通メンテナンス＆メンテナンスは、【3/17(金)】に実施予定です。同開始は【11:00】、全サーバ群作業完了は【18:00】を予定しています。提督の皆さん、お手間をお掛けして恐縮です。ご協力、どうぞよろしくお願い致します。
|EN05 = The next KanColle Maintenance & Update will take place March 17th, Friday. The maintenance is scheduled to start at 11:00 and is expected to end at 18:00. Admirals, we are sorry for the inconvenience and thank you for your cooperation.
|TL05 = [[User:Shinhwalee|Shinhwalee]]

|link06 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/842174242384879616
|JP06 = 次回の「艦これ」稼働全サーバ群共通メンテナンス＆アップデートは、明日【3/17(金) 11:00】より実施予定です。作業完了は【18:00】を予定しています。提督の皆さん、お手間をお掛けして恐縮です。ご留意＆ご協力、どうぞよろしくお願い致します！
|EN06 = The next KanColle Maintenance & Update will take place tomorrow on March 17th, Friday. The maintenance is scheduled to start at 11:00 and is expected to end at 18:00. Admirals, we are sorry for the inconvenience. Thank you for your cooperation!
|TL06 = [[User:Shinhwalee|Shinhwalee]]

|link07 = 
|JP07 = 
|EN07 = 
|TL07 = 

|link08 = 
|JP08 = 
|EN08 = 
|TL08 = 

|link09 = 
|JP09 = 
|EN09 = 
|TL09 = 

|link10 = 
|JP10 = 
|EN10 = 
|TL10 =

|link11 = 
|JP11 = 
|EN11 = 
|TL11 = 
}}

|-|Update Tweets=
{{MultiTweet
|MultiTweetID = Update
|color = #ace
|title = Update

|link01 = 
|JP01 = 
|EN01 = 
|TL01 = 

|link02 = 
|JP02 = 
|EN02 = 
|TL02 = 

|link03 = 
|JP03 = 
|EN03 = 
|TL03 = 

|link04 = 
|JP04 = 
|EN04 = 
|TL04 = 
}}

|-|Patch Notes=
{{MultiTweet
|MultiTweetID = patch
|color = #ace
|title = Patch notes

|link01 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/842648287010152449
|JP01 = 本日実施中の「艦これ」稼働全サーバ群メンテナンスに伴う、アップデート情報をお知らせしていきます。

01▼【編成記録拡張枠】の拡張
艦隊編成を記録/展開できる「編成記録枠」の最大拡張枠数が、最大【10編成】に拡張されます。同機能をお使いの提督方は、活用をご検討ください！
|EN01 = 01 The Fleet Setup Saving Frame system where you can save and extract your fleet compositions has its maximum slots increased to 10
|TL01 = [[User:Shinhwalee|Shinhwalee]]

|link02 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/842649565287260160
|JP02 = 02▼【編成記録拡張枠】UIの改良
艦隊編成を記録/展開できる【編成記録】のUIを調整し、艦隊【編成記録】時の「記録」と「削除」配置を大きく離して配置しました。また、誤動作を防止するため、艦隊【編成展開】時の「削除」をオミットし、「展開」のみの配置に更新します。
|EN02 = 02 The Fleet Setup Saving Frame UI Update: The Saving and Delete button has been batched far apart. Also in case of misclicks, the delete button has been omitted while the Open button's batch will be updated
|TL02 = [[User:Shinhwalee|Shinhwalee]]

|link03 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/842651199849426944
|JP03 = 03▼【大型艦建造】で水上機母艦「瑞穂」が建造可能に
水上機母艦「瑞穂」が【大型艦建造】で建造可能になります。
※航空運用艦系統建造レシピにて、建造可能です。
※大型艦建造は、慌てず急がず、資源や資材に余裕がある時に！
|EN03 = 03 Seaplane Tender Mizuho is now available via LSC. She comes from CV-oriented recipes.
|TL03 = [[User:Shinhwalee|Shinhwalee]]

|link04 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/842652167324413953
|JP04 = 04▼【新任務】の実装
計四種類の【新任務】が、新たに追加実装されます。
●南西諸島方面の敵艦隊を撃破せよ！  
●洋上航空戦力を拡充せよ！
●精鋭「水戦」隊の新編成
●精鋭「水戦」隊の増勢  
※各任務の受諾には、トリガーとなる受諾条件の達成が必要です。
|EN04 = 04 Four New Quests
- Destroy the enemies by the Nansei Islands!
- Expand the Offshore Aviation Forces!
- Elite Seaplane Forces Setup
- Increase of the Elite Seaplane Forces
All quests require certain pre-requisite quests for triggering
|TL04 = [[User:Shinhwalee|Shinhwalee]]

|link05 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/842652982084747265
|JP05 = 05▼「九六式陸攻」が【開発】可能に
「開発」が更新され、航空運用艦が旗艦時に特殊な開発レシピによって、陸上攻撃機「九六式陸攻」の開発が可能になりました。
※開発にはやや特殊な資源投入が必要です。
※基地航空隊に配備可能な戦力です。直ちに開発に邁進する必要はありません。
|EN05 = 05 Type 96 Land-based Attack Aircraft is now available in Development. Requires a CV flagship and certain recipe.
|TL05 = [[User:Shinhwalee|Shinhwalee]]

|link06 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/842653303376822272
|JP06 = 06▼「12.7cm連装高角砲」の【開発】効率が向上
「開発」が更新され、艦隊の標準的な艦隊防空装備である「12.7cm連装高角砲」の開発効率が若干向上しました。
※本装備「12.7cm連装高角砲」は、本日より装備改修も可能となります。
|EN06 = 06 the 12.7cm twin high-angle gun mount's development rate has increased. The 12.7cm Twin High-Angle Gun Mount will be available for Improvement starting from today.
|TL06 = [[User:Shinhwalee|Shinhwalee]]

|link07 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/842653669363400705
|JP07 = 07▼【改修工廠(明石の工廠)】装備改修シフトの一部更新
改修工廠(明石の工廠)が更新され、「摩耶改二」及び「瑞穂」「Zara due」の実装済装備改修シフトが一部変更されました。
※各装備改修は、秘書艦及び曜日により実施可能メニューが変化します。
|EN07 = 07 Akashi's Improvement Arsenal Ship Shift Update: The Akashi's Improvement Arsenal has been updated where Mizuho, Maya Kai Ni, and Zara Due related equipment have had their shifts changed.
|TL07 = [[User:Shinhwalee|Shinhwalee]]

|link08 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/842654038885773312
|JP08 = 08▼【改修工廠(明石の工廠)】新改修メニュー追加実装 1/6
改修工廠(明石の工廠)が拡張され、ある艦娘がサポートすることで
「12.7cm連装高角砲」
の装備改修が可能になります。
※同改修maxからの装備更新は「8cm高角砲」。装備更新時にはご注意下さい。
|EN08 = 08 Akashi's Improvement Arsenal Update 1/6 : The 12.7cm Twin High-Angle Gun Mount is now available for Improvement. Improvement from MAX will upgraded it into the 8cm High-Angle Gun. Please be advised.
|TL08 = [[User:Shinhwalee|Shinhwalee]]

|link09 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/842654315244220416
|JP09 = 09▼【改修工廠(明石の工廠)】新改修メニュー追加実装 2/6
改修工廠(明石の工廠)が拡張され、ある艦娘がサポートすることで
「8cm高角砲」
の装備改修が可能になります。
※同改修による防空力向上は、若干ですが「12.7cm連装高角砲」より優秀です。
|EN09 = 09 Akashi's Improvement Arsenal Update 2/6: The 8cm High-Angle Gun is now available for Improvement. Its Anti-Air efficiency is slightly increased from the Improvement, but it is higher than the 12.7cm High-Angle Gun Mount.
|TL09 = [[User:Shinhwalee|Shinhwalee]]

|link10 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/842654784406470656
|JP10 = 10▼【改修工廠(明石の工廠)】新改修メニュー追加実装 3/6
ある艦娘がサポートで、
「二式水戦改」
の装備改修が可能になります。
※任務により、エース部隊「二式水戦改(熟練)」を編成することも可能です。
※通常部隊は、同上位機種への装備更新も今後可能となる予定です。
|EN10 = 10 Akashi's Improvement Arsenal Update 3/6: The Type 2 Seaplane Fighter Kai is now available for Improvement. From a Quest, it is possible to organize a Type 2 Seaplane Fighter Kai (Skilled). Regular Type 2 Seaplane Fighters will be available to be improved into a superior equipment in the future.
|TL10 =[[User:Shinhwalee|Shinhwalee]]

|link11 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/842655061624815616
|JP11 = 11▼【改修工廠(明石の工廠)】新改修メニュー追加実装 4/6
改修工廠(明石の工廠)が拡張され、ある艦娘がサポートすることで
エース水戦部隊、「二式水戦改(熟練)」
の装備改修が可能になります。
※「二式水戦改(熟練)」は、熟練搭乗員を必要とする任務で獲得可能です。
|EN11 = 11 Akashi's Improvement Arsenal Update 4/6: The Type 2 Seaplane Fighter Kai (Skilled) is now available for Improvement. The Type 2 Seaplane Fighter Kai (Skilled) is obtainainble from a Quest which requires a Skilled Crew Member.
|TL11 = [[User:Shinhwalee|Shinhwalee]]

|link12 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/842655409286520832
|JP12 = 12▼【改修工廠(明石の工廠)】新改修メニュー追加実装 5/6
改修工廠(明石の工廠)が拡張され、ある艦娘がサポートすることで
「Ro.44水上戦闘機」
の装備改修が可能になります。
※同上位改修機「Ro.44水上戦闘機 bis」への装備更新も可能です。
|EN12 = 12 Akashi's Improvement Arsenal Update 5/6: The Ro.44 Seaplane Fighter is now available for Improvement. Improving it from the maximum will upgraded it into the Ro.44 Seaplane Fighter Bis
|TL12 = [[User:Shinhwalee|Shinhwalee]]

|link13 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/842655785616265216
|JP13 = 13▼【改修工廠(明石の工廠)】新改修メニュー追加実装 6/6
改修工廠(明石の工廠)が拡張され、ある艦娘のサポートすることで
「Ro.44水上戦闘機 bis」
装備改修が可能になります。
※同機は、「Ro.44水上戦闘機」から装備更新で獲得可能です。
|EN13 = 13 Akashi's Improvement Arsenal Update 6/6: The Ro.44 Seaplane Fighter bis is now available for Improvement. This equipment is available to obtain by upgrading a regular Ro.44 Seaplane Fighter.
|TL13 = [[User:Shinhwalee|Shinhwalee]]

|link14 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/842655909440450560
|JP14 = 14▼航空戦演出ユニットの新設
とても細かく恐縮ですが、「パスタの国の水上機専用」の航空戦演出ユニットを追加実装します。複葉機装備を愛する提督に届け、この更新！
|EN14 = 14 Italian Aircrafts will get their own icons during Aerial Battle phase.
|TL14 = [[User:Shinhwalee|Shinhwalee]]

|link15 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/842656326048083968
|JP15 = 15▼「水戦」装備アイコンの新設
これも細かくて恐縮ですが、これまで水上偵察機と共通だった、水上機戦闘機の装備アイコンを「水戦」装備アイコンとして独立させました。
|EN15 = 15 Seaplane Fighters will now get their own Equipment Category and will be separated away from regular Seaplane icons.
|TL15 = [[User:Shinhwalee|Shinhwalee]]

|link16 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/842656982813233152
|JP16 = 16▼改装「阿賀野型」上方微修正 及び 改装「大淀型」火力上方修正
「阿賀野改」の最大火力等、及び「能代改」「矢矧改」「酒匂改」の最大火力を上方微修正します。また、「大淀改」の最大火力を、上方修正します。
|EN16 = 16 All Agano-class Kai & Ooyodo Kai will be having their Firepower stat increase: Kai'd Agano-class including Noshiro, Yahagi and Sakawa will have their Firepower stats raised. Also Ooyodo Kai will also have her Firepower stat raised.
|TL16 = [[User:Shinhwalee|Shinhwalee]]

|link17 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/842657307754340353
|JP17 = 17▼改二改装「川内型」上方微修正
「川内改二」の最大雷装等、「神通改二」の最大火力、及び「那珂改二」の最大対空を上方微修正します。
|EN17 = 17 Sendai-class Kai Ni stat increase: Sendai Kai Ni will have her Torpedo stats raised, Jintsuu Kai Ni will have her Firepower stat raised, while Naka Kai Ni will have her Anti-Air stat increased.
|TL17 = [[User:Shinhwalee|Shinhwalee]]

|link18 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/842657560083677184
|JP18 = 18▼艦娘「桃の節句」mode及び「ホワイトデー」ボイスの実装終了
艦娘「桃の節句」modeの期間限定実装を終了します。同modeグラは、艦娘図鑑にそれぞれ格納されます。また、艦娘「ホワイトデー」ボイス期間限定実装及び「艦娘へのクッキー」期間限定販売も終了します。
|EN18 = 18 Removal of Hinamatsuri mode and White Day voice lines
The limited-time Hinamatsuri mode has been removed. The artworks have been added to the ship index. Furthermore, the ship girls' White Day voice lines have been removed as well as and the Ship Girl Cookies sale ended.
|TL18 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link19 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/842657809548288000
|JP19 = 19▼【家具屋さん】お品書きの更新
「家具屋さん」のお品書きが更新され、下記の復活季節家具が実装されます。
・桜の床
・春色の床
・春仕様の壁紙
・戦艦映画ポスター
・提督の麻雀卓(春modeで…ほんのりコラボ仕様)
|EN19 = 19 Furniture shop inventory update
The furniture shop's inventory has been updated. The following seasonal items are returning:
- Cherry Blossom Floor
- Spring Colour Floor
- Spring-themed Wallpaper
- Battleship Film Poster
- Admiral's Mah-Jongh Table (with a little collaboration extra for spring)
|TL19 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link20 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/842657927349526528
|JP20 = 20▼【季節の移り変わり対応家具】の季節更新
「提督の麻雀卓」の他に「温泉檜風呂」及び「温泉岩風呂」が春modeに移行します。また、「鎮守府カウンターバー」は通常modeに移行しつつ、一部はほんのりほんのりコラボ仕様に。
|EN20 = 20 Update to furniture items that change according to the season
Apart from "Admiral's Mah-Jongh Table", the "Cypress Wood Hot Spring Batch" and the regular "Hot Spring Bath" switched to their spring mode. Furthermore, the "Naval Base Counter Bar" switched back to its normal mode, with little additions due to our current collaboration.
|TL20 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link21 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/842658074707939328
|JP21 = 21▼表示系の更新
下記表示系を更新します。
・装備「九六式艦戦」のグラフィック更新
・出撃/出撃任務アイコンを「零式艦戦21型」仕様に更新
|EN21 = 21 Artwork Updates
The changes are as follows:
- Artwork of the equipment "Type 96 Fighter" has been updated
- Sortie / sortie quest icon has been changed to display "Type 0 Fighter Model 21"
|TL21 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link22 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/842658529483743232
|JP22 = More
22▼【遠征】確認画面UIの更新
・「遠征」艦隊の各艦娘の「レベル表示機能」を追加
・「遠征」艦隊保有ドラム缶(輸送用)を一定数までアイコン表示を追加
・同大発系装備や特型内火艇など装備状況を一定数までアイコン表示を追加
・他同画面の表示系を一部更新
|EN22 = 22 Expedition Fleet Confimation Screen UI Update
- Now displays level of each ship girl in the expedition fleet
- Added icons to show amount of equipped Drum Canisters up to a certain number
- Added icons to show amount of equipped Daihatsu type equipment, Special Type 2 Amphibious Tank, etc. up to a certain number
- Other miscellaneous changes
|TL22 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link23 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/842659879743442946
|JP23 = ※ごめんなさい、沢山ありすぎて、ひとつ抜けてしまいました！
23▼【出撃】確認画面UIの更新
・出撃艦隊の各艦娘のレベル表示機能を追加
・出撃(含む遠征)不可の補足情報表示をアラート吹き出し型に更新
・他「基地航空隊」出撃確認表示など同画面の表示系を一部更新
|EN23 = 23 Sortie Fleet Confirmation Screen UI Update
- Now displays level of each ship in the sortieing fleet
- Supplementary information when fleet is unable to sortie (or go on expedition) is now displayed in a markup balloon
- Other miscellaneous changes to "Land-based Air Group" sortie confirmation screen etc.
|TL23 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link24 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/842659175461089281
|JP24 = 24▼昼間砲撃戦における【最大火力発揮上限】を一部開放
「昼間砲撃戦」における【最大火力】を発揮できる上限火力を彼我共に一部開放、同上限を上方修正します。「昼間砲撃戦」において、従来より約20%増しの最大火力まで効果を発揮可能となります。
|EN24 = 24 Firepower Cap in Day Battle Shelling phase increased
The firepower cap in the day battle shelling phase has been increased. For both sides it has been increased by ca. 20% of its original value.
|TL24 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link25 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/842660305784135681
|JP25 = 25▼「榛名」に艦娘【お買物】mode期間限定実装
戦艦「榛名」に、期間限定艦娘「お買物」modeが実装されます。
提督の皆さん、今春は艦娘と一緒のお買物も、どうぞよろしくお願い致します！

お待たせしました！
こちらで、本日、最後です！全サーバ群、開放開始致します！
|EN25 = 25 Haruna "Shopping" mode
Haruna has received her limited-time "Shopping" mode.
|TL25 = [[User:Admiral Mikado|Admiral Mikado]]

|link26 = 
|JP26 = 
|EN26 = 
|TL26 = 

|link27 = 
|JP27 = 
|EN27 = 
|TL27 = 

|link28 = 
|JP28 = 
|EN28 = 
|TL28 = 

|link29 = 
|JP29 = 
|EN29 = 
|TL29 = 

|link30 = 
|JP30 = 
|EN30 = 
|TL30 = 
}}

|-|Post-maintenance tweets=
{{MultiTweet
|MultiTweetID = postmaint
|color = #ace
|title = Post-maintenance tweets

|link01 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/842660958883405825
|JP01 = 5分だけ予定より早いですが、本日実施「艦これ」稼働全サーバ群共通メンテナンス＆アップデートを作業完了、全サーバ群の開放を開始しました！
メンテナンス完了直後は接続が集中します。少し時間をおいて、「艦これ」に再接続して頂けますと幸いです。提督の皆さん、お待たせ致しました！
|EN01 = Update Over
|TL01 = 

|link02 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/842713852202500096
|JP02 = 【通常海域で「基地航空隊」を運用中の提督の皆さんへ】
一部の環境下において、メンテナンス完了後に「基地航空隊」の表示が正しく表示されない特殊な症状が確認され、順次対応を開始しています。
※再接続で同症状は改善します。
※配備機が見えない場合でも、本日中に復旧見込みです。
|EN02 = LBAS bugged
|TL02 = 

|link03 = 
|JP03 = 
|EN03 = 
|TL03 = 

|link04 = 
|JP04 = 
|EN04 = 
|TL04 = 

|link05 = 
|JP05 = 
|EN05 = 
|TL05 = 

|link06 = 
|JP06 = 
|EN06 = 
|TL06 = 

|link07 = 
|JP07 = 
|EN07 = 
|TL07 = 

|link08 = 
|JP08 = 
|EN08 = 
|TL08 = 

|link09 = 
|JP09 = 
|EN09 = 
|TL09 = 

|link10 = 
|JP10 = 
|EN10 = 
|TL10 =
|link11 = 
|JP11 = 
|EN11 = 
|TL11 = 

|link12 = 
|JP12 = 
|EN12 = 
|TL12 = 

|link13 = 
|JP13 = 
|EN13 = 
|TL13 = 

|link14 = 
|JP14 = 
|EN14 = 
|TL14 = 

|link15 = 
|JP15 = 
|EN15 = 
|TL15 = 

|link16 = 
|JP16 = 
|EN16 = 
|TL16 = 

|link17 = 
|JP17 = 
|EN17 = 
|TL17 = 

|link18 = 
|JP18 = 
|EN18 = 
|TL18 = 

|link19 = 
|JP19 = 
|EN19 = 
|TL19 = 

|link20 = 
|JP20 = 
|EN20 = 
|TL20 = 

|link21 = 
|JP21 = 
|EN21 = 
|TL21 = 

|link22 = 
|JP22 = 
|EN22 = 
|TL22 = 

|link23 = 
|JP23 = 
|EN23 = 
|TL23 = 

|link24 = 
|JP24 = 
|EN24 = 
|TL24 = 

|link25 = 
|JP25 = 
|EN25 = 
|TL25 = 

|link26 = 
|JP26 = 
|EN26 = 
|TL26 = 

|link27 = 
|JP27 = 
|EN27 = 
|TL27 = 

|link28 = 
|JP28 = 
|EN28 = 
|TL28 = 

|link29 = 
|JP29 = 
|EN29 = 
|TL29 = 

|link30 = 
|JP30 = 
|EN30 = 
|TL30 = 
}}
</tabber>
<!--
== Twitter avatars == 
{| class="wikitable"
| style="width:120px;" | 
| style="width:120px;" | 
| style="width:120px;" | 
| style="width:120px;" | 
|}

== External links ==
-->