==Characteristic of Jets==
*Can only be used on:
**Standard Carriers with an armored flight deck and catapult, such as {{ShipLink|Shoukaku Kai Ni A}} and {{ShipLink|Zuikaku Kai Ni A}} (but not {{ShipLink|Saratoga Mk.II Mod.2}} or {{ShipLink|Taihou}})
**'Go' remodels of Standard Carriers (i.e. {{ShipLink|Kaga Kai Ni Go}})
**[[Land Base Aerial Support]].
*When used on Carriers, an additional [[Jet Assault]] phase will commence before every aerial combat phase. When used in Land Base Aerial Support, an additional Jet Assault phase will commence before every Land Base Aerial Support sortie.
*Unlike regular aircraft, jets '''consume steel in every battle''' whenever Jet Assault phase takes place, even if no planes are lost.
**Steel consumption cost per battle is 0.2 × no. of plane when battle start × LBAS deployment cost (rounded off to integer).
**The steel reduction takes place during the sortie, so there is no visual indication within the game to remind players that such reduction has taken place. The expense in steel can only be seen when comparing pre-sortie steel levels with post-sortie levels.
**Steel is only consumed when Jet Assault is initiated. In situations where the Jet Assault phase does not activate, such as anti-submarine-only battle, air raid battle and night battle nodes, steel will not be consumed.
*Jet-powered fighter-bombers are treated as dive bombers, therefore aircraft carriers equipped with jet bombers cannot attack Installations during the shelling phase. However, they can still target Installations during the [[Aerial Combat]] phase.
*Jet-powered fighter-bombers do not count towards triggering aircraft carrier cut-in (CVCI).