{{Equipment

|en =
A large caliber main gun to be used on new model battleships developed for the Yamato Kai class, and its expanded version, the Super Yamato class' main armament. The firepower realized by the 51cm guns surpassed the rest, overwhelming the firepower of other battleships' main guns. As the gun surpasses the weight and size of even the 46cm guns, only limited battleships are able to equip this gun.

|notes =
*[[Winter 2015 Event]] E-2 Hard reward.
*[[Spring 2015 Event]] E-1 Hard reward.
*[[Thread:287304|June 2015 Ranking Reward]] for Top 5 and 20.
*[[Thread:313022|July 2015 Ranking Reward]] for Top 5 and 20.
*[[Thread:340685|September 2015 Ranking Reward]] for Top 5, 20, and 100.
*[[Thread:365841|October 2015 Ranking Reward]] for Top 5.
*[[Thread:380141|November 2015 Ranking Reward]] for Top 5, 20, and 100.
*[[Thread:389990|January 2016 Ranking Reward]] for Top 5 and 20.
*[[Thread:453763|May 2016 Ranking Reward]] for Top 5 and 20.
*[[Thread:458455|June 2016 Ranking Reward]] for Top 5 and 20.
*[[Thread:518634|November 2016 Ranking Reward]] for Top 5 and 20.

Can only be equipped to Yamato and Nagato-class. The latter has to be remodeled. In other words, '''SLOW''' BBs that have equal or greater displacement than Nagato-class.

|trivia =
This is the first equipment ever introduced that cannot be used by an entire class of ships, and is limited to a select few battleships instead.

|see also =
[http://www.navweaps.com/Weapons/WNJAP_20-45.htm 51 cm/45 (20.1") "A" Type 98 (?)]
}}