{{Equipment

|en = ?
<!--
The name of the state-of-the-art machine that was developed to be the successor of the "Zero" carrier-based fighter, is "Reppuu".<br/>Despite difficulties in engine selection, preoccupied design teams and factories, it was completed as the new type of ship-based fighter.<br/>Together with the new "Ryuusei" torpedo-bomber, please organize a next-generation air task-force to control the sky!
-->

|notes = 
* Development requires at least {{Fuel}} 20, {{Ammo}} 20, {{Steel}} 10, {{Bauxite}} 90, with Bauxite as primary resource for a drop rate of 2%. No reports exist of successful development with Ammo as primary resource. Isolated reports exist of successful development with Fuel/Steel as primary resource, but the probability is only approximately 0.1%.

|collapsed = true

|trivia = 
The '''Mitsubishi A7M2 ''Reppuu''''' (''Strong Gale'', Allied reporting name "Sam") was a naval fighter plane developed as a successor to the infamous Type Zero carrier-based fighter.

The result of the 17-shi carrier-based fighter specification, the Zero's successor (then referred to as ''Navy Experimental Type 17 Type A'') was expected to be able to climb to 6,000 m in less than 6 minutes and then fly above that altitude at 639 km/h, all while carrying two 20 mm cannons and two 13 mm machine guns ''and'' retaining the A6M3 Zero Model 32's impressive maneuverability.

Engine selection was a primary problem - meeting the specifications required a 2,000 hp powerplant, of which all available options - the Nakajima ''NK9'' and the more powerful Mitsubishi ''MK9'' - were still in development.
With a larger engine capable of the required output, wing-loading became an issue - the Navy had requested no more than 150 kg/m², which the MK9 was expected to fulfill. Due to MK9 production delays however, the Navy instructed Mitsubishi's design team to use the Nakajima NK9.

The ''Specification 17'' carrier fighter's development was further delayed due to production facilities prioritizing production of the A6M-series fighters and Mitsubishi's G4M bomber as well as fixing issues with A6M variants and Mitsubishi's J2M ''Raiden''. The A7M1 ''Reppuu'' prototype finally flew in May 1944, demonstrating excellent handling and maneuverability but could not attain its lofty 640 km/h target due to the underpowered NK9 engine. The Navy ordered development stopped due to the failure, but Mitsubishi obtained permission to test the aircraft with the MK9 engine.

The A7M2 prototype flew in October 1944, achieving a top speed of 628 km/h while surpassing the Zero in many performance metrics, leading the Navy to officially adopt the type.

Saburo Sakai declared it the finest fighter he had ever seen, while engineers claimed it could fight at altitudes up to 12 km.

The A7M2 ''Reppuu'' was expected to replace the A6M ''Zero'' as the standard fighter of Japanese air-forces, but production was disrupted due to earthquakes, Allied bombing raids and the loss of schematics and manufacturing jigs. The A7M ''Reppuu'' subsequently never flew in combat.

The [[Reppuu Kai|A7M3-J ''Reppuu-kai'']] was proposed as an interceptor with an increased maximum speed of 648 km/h using a forced-induction version of the Mitsubishi MK9 and an armament consisting of six 30 mm cannons. A working prototype was never produced.

|see also = 
* [[wikipedia:ja:烈風|烈風 (Japanese Wikipedia)]]

}}