{{Equipment

|en = 
Developed as the "14-Shi Local Defense Fighter", this is the anti-bomber specialized interceptor "Raiden". In contrast to "A-class fighters" such as the Zero and other carrier-based fighters, this aircraft was developed and operated as a "B-class" Interceptor Fighter. It's not suited for dogfights, but it possesses great climbing performance and high firepower.

|notes = 
* [[Spring 2016 Event]] E-5 Normal/Hard reward.
* [[Thread:477990|July 2016 Ranking Reward]] for Top 100.
* [[Fall 2016 Event]] E-1 Hard reward.
* Quest [[Quests#F81|F81]] offers this as a choice between three rewards
* <font color="red">Quest [[Quests#Bs28|Bs28]] offers this as a choice between three rewards. Only available during the <abbr title="From 1 January 2018 to 17 January 2018.">2018 New Year's update</abbr>.</font>

|trivia = 
Designed with an emphasis in climbing rate, speed and firepower compared to the usual maneuverability and range requirements, the J2M Raiden was designed in 1938 but shelved in favor for focusing production on the [[Type 0 Fighter Model 21|Zero]]. Never having thought Japan would need interceptors, the Raiden design was brought back to combat the high flying, heavy firepower B-29 Superfortress. Introduced in 1942, it was used mainly for homeland defense with good success in shredding through B-29s but not as good in traditional dogfights due to its low cockpit visibility and stiff handling. Unfortunately for Raiden, low aircraft numbers and the switch to nighttime bombing near the end of the war made its superb strengths very limited.
* Production was very low due to the continuing problems with the Kasei engine, unskilled labor and Mitsubishi focusing in building Zero fighters. Production completely collapsed by mid-1945 with the continuing Allied strategic bombing.
* It was the IJN's favorite anti-bomber plane for those who had the chance to pilot it.
* It was one of the fastest climbing planes of the war, reaching max altitude in about 10 minutes.
* The fairy appears to be holding a [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tant%C5%8D Tantou], a stabbing self-defense dagger, fitting for the Raiden's characteristics.
|see also = 
* [[wikipedia:ja:雷電 (航空機)|雷電 (航空機) (Japanese Wikipedia)]]

}}