{{Equipment

|en =
A high capability fighter which was in development during the late period of fighting in the country of pasta.<br>While it did not see mass production for deployment, it possessed great potential, and was expected to have great combat capability. This plane is the carrier-based version of it.

|notes =
*[[Summer 2016 Event]] E-4 Medium/Hard reward.

|trivia =
The best Italian plane and one of the best Axis WW2 fighters to fly, the Reggiane Re.2005 was the accumulation of everything learned from the previous fighters of its line using the [[Re.2001 OR Kai|Re.2001]] as the basis. Using the famed Daimler-Benz DB 605 engine, it was a completely new aircraft rather than a revamp of the previous one. Despite very few Re.2005s given out and produced, they were still used in the homeland defense of Naples, Rome and Sicily until Armistice took effect, which then the remaining handful of surviving planes were taken by Germany for the defense of the falling Berlin. It would be Reggiane's last fighter to fly.
* The plane was very expensive, too advanced and complex for Italian mass production, so the Fiat G.55 was chosen over it. There were plans to outsource Re.2005 production to other companies and Sweden but Armistice had taken effect before it could happen. The plane was so good, the Luftwaffe considered taking over production after Italy's fall.
* It is considered one of the most beautiful aircraft of the war with its large tail and long, smooth nose being defining features.
* It was speculated should Aquila have been completed, the Re.2005 would have been one of the candidates for carrier conversion along with Re.2001 and Fiat G.55. In KanColle, it is given the "Kai" what-if carrier conversion.
* The fairy wields a composite bow in representation of its full Italian name, ''Re.2005 Sagittario'', which translates to archer or Sagittarius, who also wields a similar bow.

|see also =
*[https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reggiane_Re.2005 Reggiane Re.2005] (Italian link)
*[https://web.archive.org/web/20091223110408/http://fire.prohosting.com/hud607/uncommon/aircraft/re2005/index.html Reggiane short history]
}}