==Introduction==
This page is a collection of knowledge or rumors,which couldn't find their place in the wiki yet.<br>
Feel free to add information which is missing in the wiki but might prove helpful or informative.<br>
When adding 'difficult to test' claims,giving a source doesn't hurt.<br>
Its up to you whether you believe the claims or not. You can't sue wikia or the contributors for the claims the page makes (joking.jpg).<br>
Use common sense, if it doesn't help, come to chat and discuss the matter. Its nice to talk about other things than falukorvs and ... other things.<br>
Discussing things here is also valid. Actually its preferred to lead discussion here,so they wont get lost in the comment section of other pages. 
<br><br>
==Almost Certain Knowledge==
Add Assertion which are easy to prove , wide known or proven by sources.
*Plane count doesn't affect ELOS calculation.<br> Zero Plane count slots contribute the same ELOS which a 1;2;3 Plane slot would.<br>
*The flagship of an escort fleet in a combined fleet cannot sink, even when advancing after being taiha'd.<br> This theory is constantly been tried and tested with no positive results thus far of escort fleet flagship being sunk.<br>
*Constructing ships with more than two construction yards increases the chance of getting one more desirable results.<br> The developers did also mentioned it at one stage in their tweets. '''However''' the increased chances are negligible at best really, so even if you have bought two extra construction yards it does not necessarily mean your chances are of anything significantly improved to those who didn't spend money on construction yards.<br>
*Echelon seems to be ideal for Nightbattle combat,as it has higher evasion rate than Line Ahead. [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/User_blog:Homuhomu123/How_Formation_Affects_Night_Battle_Performances_%28by_Kuubowokyuu%29]<br>
*For AACI there is an order in which each ships rolls whether it performs the AACI or not. If the roll fails,the next ship in order starts rolling until there was a successful roll or all ships failed the roll. The order depends on API calls,which are influenced by equipment setup. [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/User_blog:Homuhomu123/Trigger_Rates_%26_Effectiveness_of_Anti-Air_Cut-In_%28AACI%29]<br>
*A summary of the overweight mechanics on Battleships.[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Sandbox/Accuracy_Evasion_Tables][http://ch.nicovideo.jp/biikame/blomaga/ar850895]<br>
*Akashi's level influences the successrate of improving equipment. Higher level improves the chances of success. No particular values have been found yet.<br>
*Battles against submarine nodes in event maps dont consume ammo,only the 2 fuel bar ticks.<br>
*Support Shelling is affected by daybattle firecap.<br>
*Thumb rule for improved equipment: stat boost = ⌊k√★⌋ (⌊k∑√★⌋ for more than one equipment of the same type for a given stat), stat and k depend on the equipment: [http://wikiwiki.jp/kancolle/?%B2%FE%BD%A4%B9%A9%BE%B3][http://ch.nicovideo.jp/biikame/blomaga/ar776809]
**Firepower for small and medium guns (including "yellow" guns), AP shells, AA directors, searchlights: k = 1
**Firepower for large guns: k = 1.5 in day battle, 1 in night battle
**Firepower for depth charges and sonars: k = 0.75
**Torpedo for torpedoes: k = 1.2 in day battle, 1 in night battle
**Torpedo for machine guns: k = 1
**ASW for depth charges and sonars: k = 1
**Accuracy for guns, AA directors, AP shells (not torpedoes): k = 2
*The Battle outcome is decided the moment you select your Formation.Same goes for Nightbattle,which is predetermined the moment you click 'Night Attack' button. So if you have to refresh because you slept and didnt notice the ship in taiha,refresh <u>before</u> formation selection. It should be noted,that if you are using 3 or less ships,there wont be a formation selection and you are going directly into the battle.

==Rumors==
Baseless claims which are being whispered in forums, communities, or local circle of friends.<br>
Refrain from adding recipes which 'guarantees' Equipment X or Ship Y. This is mainly about mechanics.<br>
Its valid proving a rumor wrong by adding a source which states the contrary.
*Hayasui replenish 25% ammo/fuel. Only triggers once the average fuel/ammo count of the fleet drops below a certain value. [sources needed]<br>
*maxed modded AA guns are actually quite decent.  [sources]<br>
*<s>There is a drumoverload mechanic.</s> No there isn't [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gaogWotIcToI_3ULPdOzWTZNsik9IVMSpQVeFMUyrKQ/]{Sheet 1}.<br>
*<s>Refreshing your game is totally safe.</s> No it isn't, the devs can easily see when you refresh the game even if you tried to mimic that you have connection issues.<br>
*Values for Skilled Lookout. [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Skilled_Lookouts#comm-321539]<br>
*Akashi's repair mechanic seems to skip repair ticks even when not performing any interrupting actions [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Akashi#Anchorage_Repair_.28.E6.B3.8A.E5.9C.B0.E4.BF.AE.E7.90.86.29].<br>This is only the case,if ships which have a drydock repair time over 20 minutes per hp, are being repaired by Akashi. The ship which needs more than 20 minutes repair time for each HP, will be repaired by 1 HP after the <u>first</u> 20 minutes, afterwards the repair time is the same as in Drydock. To achieve the same repair time, Akashi is gonna alternate between a usual repair tick and a '0 HP' repair tick for <u>every</u> ship. This might mislead the player to think, that he performed an interrupting action for Akashi's repair.
*There is a theory that the internal mechanism/coding determining the execution of support expeditions has not been modified ever since its original implementation in August 2013, which implies that all new mechanics that have been introduced since then do not apply to support expeditions, including but not limited to:
** [[Improvement|equipment improvement]] 
** gun overweight penalty
** artillery spotting
** and [[Aircraft Proficiency]]. 
:The theory also asserts that the support expeditions are intended to execute just as their normal day battle counterparts would in August 2013, with specific limitations for aerial and torpedo supports (aerial supports do not affect air power/control, nor do they shoot down enemy planes; torpedo supports are unable to make full use of each ship's torpedo stat). 
: For example, in the case of a shelling support each ship in the expedition would take aim at a random surviving enemy ship. That is the enemy ships that have already been 'sunk' by previous expedition ships would thus no longer be available for targeting by the next ship in line; the shelling order would be determined by range, as per the first shelling phase in a normal day battle. It is unclear whether this theory is asserted to be equally valid for all types of support expeditions (torpedo and aerial in addition to shelling), or most valid for just shelling support expeditions.<br>As of September 2015, evidence supporting this theory includes: 
:*Conclusive evidence that [[Improvement]] does not affect support expeditions. 
:*Solid evidence that overweight penalty does not affect support expeditions. [http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm27095718][https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UmFm33JfsBwc2JUtPybmbTDQ0ZFK0T0LUr-9jDjm4zo/edit#gid=666720600]<br>
* Aerial supports do indeed execute in the same way that a normal day battle opening air strike would, but with a couple of differences in the damage calculations: [http://kancollecalc.web.fc2.com/damage_formula.html#5-1-1]
** The standard attack power of each plane slot is given a base value of 3, instead of the normal 25, i.e. (Bombing stat * sqrt(Slot size) + 3) * Plane type modifier
** Critical hits are more likely in aerial supports than in a normal day battle opening air strike.
*AD Hime seems to be able to perform AACI. As the Tsu-Class,there is no API response from the AACI. But players noticed that a set amount of planes in each slot are being shot down, rather than a percentage which would be the case by Fleet AA.
*<s>Kaga is the best CV for plane crafting.</s> In Development and Construction the Ship itself doesn't influence the result. Instead the combination of shiptype and crafting recipe decides the crafting pool. Exceptions are German Ships as Z1, Z3, Prinz Eugen, I-8, Bismarck(?) and U-511(?) which are needed to construct Z1,Z3 and Bismarck. 
*<s>The use of '''any''' Kancolle viewers '''warrants''' a ban.</s>This is a widely debated topic and is primarily intended to scare those whom:
** are new to the game and therefore to the kancolle community.
** does not know much about Japanese language itself.
** and/or does not have technical background in:
*** computers
*** secure computing
*** networking
*** and/or network security
: Modern viewers with the exception of KanColle Tool '''does not''' have the ability to transmit any packets/data without user's permission to the game server. Causes of what warrants a gamer to be banned generally includes:
:* the '''repeated use''' of F5 key which is best known to refresh the game when certain game scenarios prove to be dire for the gamer themselves.
:* the '''use''' of (macro) software which automates certain tasks is to be used in conjunction with the game in a bid to simplify the gaming experience.
:* and/or the use of tools/methods in which it '''tampers''' game data or otherwise alter the behaviour the game was supposed to behave.
: Provided that you only:
:* use the viewer alone and no other software/macro/etc in conjunction with your kancolle gaming session. Even the use of
:* use a reputable viewer that is well known within communities and that you are able to directly contact with the current developer/maintainer of that viewer should any issues arise (and '''especially''' after reading the much needed accompanying documentation(s)).
:* have sourced your viewer from reputable sources and not whatever alternative sites which may provide copies of the software for you to download.
:* intend to play kancolle normally and have well understood your rights and obligations to the use of viewers and/or any other methods you may employ for your kancolle session. Knowing full well the '''repeated use of F5 key alone is enough to warrant a ban''' and that is the '''direct result of your own stupidity and not of the viewer themselves'''.
: There is '''virtually zero''' chance of you getting banned.
<br>

==Archive==
Assumption which were a relic of the past
*<s>Ships sink in orange.</s> No they don't. <br>They also don't sink if they enter Nightbattle when they were taiha'ed in Daybattle of the same battle.<br>
*last boss regen was Fall 2013
*<s>It is possible to persuade the compass of your intended travel direction/path</s>. Other than "active routing" which was first introduced in [[Spring 2015 Event]] and appears on certain maps whereby the compass does '''NOT''' appear to be visible. The routes are pre-determined by RNG as is with battle outcomes for specific nodes.
[[Category:Old sandboxes]]