{{EquipmentPage

|en = 
This is a searchlight used to illuminate ships at night battle.<br/>While this can assist other friendly ships in attacking the enemy at night battle, the enemy may focus their fire on the user.<br/>(Can be equipped on Destroyers, Light, Heavy, and Aviation Cruisers, Seaplane Tenders or other related ships)

|notes = 
* Reward for quests [[Quests#A53|A53]], [[Quests#B73|B73]], and [[Quests#B82|B82]].
* <font color="red">Quest [[Thread:489353#SB02|SB02]] offers this as a choice between three rewards. Only available during the <abbr title="From 21 October to 4 November 2016">2016 Mackerel Event</abbr>.</font>
* <font color="red">Quest [[Thread:600045#SB01|SB01]] offers this as a choice between three rewards. Only available during the <abbr title="From 29 September to 18 October 2017">2017 Mackerel Event</abbr>.</font>
* <font color="red">Quest [[Spring 2018 Mini-Event#Su01|Su01]] offers this as a choice between two rewards. Only available during the <abbr title="From 15 May to 13 June 2018">Spring 2018 Mini-Event</abbr>.</font>
* Provides the following effects during night battle while a ship equipped with this has more than 1 HP:
:#Night battle attack accuracy for your fleet increases.
:#Cut-in rates for your fleet increases.
:#Cut-in rates of enemy fleets decreases.
:#Ships equipped with searchlights are aimed at more often.
:#Ships equipped with searchlights are hit more often.

|trivia = 

|see also = 
* [[wikipedia:ja:サーチライト|サーチライト (Japanese Wikipedia)]]

}}