{{Equipment

|en =
The Shiun was conceived as a high-performance seaplane intended to scout the enemy where air superiority is lost or unachievable. A next generation seaplane powered by the Mitsubishi Kasei engine with a pair of contra-rotating propellers and floats that could be jettisoned for higher speed performance, tests were inconclusive with these features. Nonetheless these aircraft saw service aboard the light cruiser, Ooyodo.

|notes =
*September 2014 Ranking Reward for all tiers.
*October 2014 Ranking Reward for all tiers.
*December 2014 Ranking Reward for Top 5, 20, and 100.
*March 2015 Ranking Reward for Top 5, 20, and 100.
*April 2015 Ranking Reward for all tiers.
*[[Thread:340685|September 2015 Ranking Reward]] for all tiers.
*[[Thread:412901|Februrary 2016 Ranking Reward]] for all tiers.
*[[Thread:458455|June 2016 Ranking Reward]] for all tiers.
*[[Thread:491318|September 2016 Ranking Reward]] for all tiers.
*[[Thread:600913|August 2017 Ranking Reward]] for all tiers.
*Could be chosen as reward for the limited time New Year 2017 Quest 3 (BSB19).
*Could be chosen as reward for the limited time New Year 2019 Quest 4 (SB36).
*Can be chosen as reward for Quest D29.

|trivia =
*Allied reporting name Norm.
*Intended as a high speed recon plane that could drop its main float and retract the wing floats for emergency speed, however these systems were giving insufficient testing and performed poorly in operation.
*Only 15 were completed before cancellation in 1944, with about a third of those built shot down.

|see also =
}}