{{Equipment

|en =
Skilled lookouts can be deployed on surface warships. Using their skilled naked eyes, they can largely contribute in scouting the enemy depending on the situation and before the advent of enemy radars, can spot for targets especially during night battles.

|notes =
* Can be equipped in [[Reinforcement Expansion]] slots.
*January 2015 Ranking Reward for Top 5, 20, and 100. 
*Was obtainable via a [[Hishimochi]] 2015 mini-event quest.
*[[Fall 2015 Event]] E-1 Hard reward.

Increases [[Combat/Night Battle|cut-in base rate]] by '''5''' for '''the ship it's equipped on''' during night battle; unlike [[Star Shell|Star Shells]] or [[Searchlight|Searchlights]] '''it does not affect other ships in your fleet'''.

The visual effect of the equipment can be seen [http://youtu.be/fFsMyZ3LtrQ?t=30s here]. You see a sparkle at the corner of the ship's image right before the cut-in animation. 

|trivia =
A crow's nest is a structure in the upper part of the main mast of a ship or a structure that is used as a lookout point. This position ensured the best view for lookouts to spot approaching hazards, other ships or land. It was the best device for this purpose until the invention of radar.

The IJN took great pains to maximize the capabilities of their lookouts, who were carefully selected for their superior night vision, supplied with enormous pedestal-mounted binoculars and trained to cover their eyes whenever their ships' guns were about to fire (as signaled by a
double buzzer). Japanese ships always fired in salvo rather than continuous fire at night to ensure that lookouts could protect their night vision and the Japanese put considerable effort into developing flashless powder that both protected their lookouts' night vision and made the flashes harder for an enemy to detect and get a fix on.

|see also =
}}