{{Equipment

|en =
"Spitfire," an iconic fighter from the country of black tea. A mass-produced version of the famous aircraft that splendidly defended the homeland and its skies in the Battle of Britain. Various performance improvements were made, and even led to the birth of the carrier-borne fighter "Seafire". 

|notes =
* [[Summer 2017 Event]] E-4 Hard and E-5 Medium reward.
* Can be upgraded from a [[Spitfire Mk.I]] through [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]].

|trivia =
The pride of the British people and main fighter of the Royal Air Force, the Spitfire Mk.I made its mark managing to defend its homeland against the Luftwaffe's Bf 109E during the Battle of Britain. Developed as a stopgap for the Mk.III, British engineers had no time to develop a prototype, so they used the Spitfire Mk.I airframe and installed the new Merlin 45 engine, creating the Mk.V. It was shipped to 8 different countries of the British Commonwealth and saw action on all fronts of the war but modifications had to be made like adding protection to the engine from the sands of North Africa and extra fuel tanks for extended range on the seas of the Pacific.

While there was mostly no trouble going up against the [[Bf 109T Kai|Bf 109]] and [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Macchi_C.202 Macchi C.202] in Africa, it was a more tricky affair when flying against newer [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Focke-Wulf_Fw_190 FW 190s] which outperformed it in most regards, and also against the Zero or Hayabusa as their flying characteristics were very different from what they have seen in Europe. Furthermore the Spitfire did not cope so well in the warm Pacific/African climates and thus suffered breakdowns without modifications. It's limited range meant it was not such a suitable craft for naval use, leading to development of the Seafire. However that said the Mk V's arrival in Burma made a notable difference, with the Japanese Army Air Force (normally used to fighting outdated Hurricanes) being surprised by the appearance of a craft that could catch their recon planes and challenge the Hayabusa, leading to increasing losses for the Japanese. With the later arrival of the Mk VIII to Burma air superiority was all but assured.
* Although it was the most numerous, the Mk.V was mainly an aircraft that was shipped overseas while the mainland continued to use the Mk.I and II.
* With the entrance into the Pacific War, the seaplane fighter conversion idea was brought back just in case they were needed in the open ocean. Some were also sent to Egypt where they flew but saw no action.
* Although not directly stated on the equipment card, the plane is actually the Mk.Vb tropical version. It was the first Spitfire version to be tropicalized.
* The [[Seafire Mk.III Kai|Seafire]], carrier version of the Spitfire, was derived from the Mk.V.

|see also =
*[https://boxartden.com/reference/gallery/index.php/Modeling-References/Aircraft-Profiles/Britain/WW2/Supermarine-Spitfire-V-Series Spitfire pictures, designs, and history]
}}