{{Equipment

|en =
"Spitfire," an iconic fighter from the country of black tea. A mass-produced, late improved model  of the famous aircraft that splendidly defended the homeland and its skies in the Battle of Britain, now with elite pilots. The engine has been changed out, giving it even more power, as it continues to evolve.

|notes =
*[[Summer 2017 Event]] E-5 Hard reward.

|trivia =
The pride of the British people and the main fighter of the Royal Air Force, the Mk.IX was born out of the urgent need to once again upgrade their planes to combat the new Fw 190 or face certain defeat in the current Mk.V. With no time to wait for the Spitfire Mk.VIII or develop a prototype once again, British engineers used the Spitfire Mk.Vc airframe and installed the new Merlin 61 engine, creating the Mk.IX. Introduced in late 1942, it was shipped to squadrons in North Africa and Italy who desperately needed the new planes, fiercely fighting off the Fw 190 in every major engagement on equal footing. As time went on, more improvements and variants would be developed on the Mk.IX to strengthen its power. By the end of the war, it ended up being the definitive and 2nd most numerous Spitfire variant of WW2.
* After the war, the Spitfire was retired by Britain but sold the aircraft to foreign nations. Egyptian and Israeli air forces in particular both flew ex-WW2 Spitfire Mk.IXs in conflicts against each other.
* Once again reviving the seaplane fighter idea, the work was continued from the previous attempt on the Mk.V. It was a stable plane and nothing major was wrong with it, but the reduced effectiveness from the oversized floats meant that it would have to face Zero fighters on a handicap, so it was finally abandoned and converted back.
* Because of the surplus and high survival rate of planes left over at the end of the war, many authentic Spitfires were used to film war movies like [https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0056197/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1 The Longest Day] and [https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0064072/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1 The Battle of Britain].
* Although not directly stated on the card, the plane is the F (fighter) variant of the Mk.IX.

|see also =
*[https://boxartden.com/reference/gallery/index.php/Modeling-References/Aircraft-Profiles/Britain/WW2/Supermarine-Spitfire-Mk-IX-Variants Spitfire pictures, designs, and history]
}}