{{Equipment

|en = 
"Spitfire," an iconic fighter from the country of black tea. This is an early model.<br />It fought in the Battle of Britain and defended the sky magnificently. Various models of improved performance were born afterwards.

|notes = 
*[[Summer 2017 Event]] E-2 Hard, E-4 Medium and E-5 Easy reward.

|trivia = 
The pride of the British people and main fighter of the Royal Air Force, the Spitfire Mk.I made its mark defending its homeland against the Luftwaffe's Bf 109E during the [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Britain Battle of Britain]. Being the last hope for the Allies, the Spitfire and Hawker Hurricane worked together to fend off the dominant Bf 109 and bombers that had recently swept away the French, Belgium and Polish air forces. It was the only aircraft that was on equal footing to the Bf 109 while the Hurricanes were more than enough to handle the bombers. It was so loved by its pilots that multiple versions, improvements and models were made on the Spitfire throughout WWII and after.
* The Spitfire was perceived by the public to be the main fighter of the Royal Air Force during the Battle of Britain, though it was the Hawker Hurricane that was more numerous during the battle and the main fighter of the RAF. It was only after the battle that the Spitfire replaced the Hurricane as the main fighter.
* Its distinctive elliptical wings became iconic that it was said a common housewife would be able to recognize the aircraft when flying over.
* The invasion of Norway prompted British engineers to consider a seaplane fighter version of the Spitfire in case there was a situation where no airfields would be available. One was converted and was theorized to work but was not flown, so it was converted back to its original form.
* An early Spirfire model had a major flaw where pulling G-Negative manoeuvre could lead to engine starvation as the early Merlin engine did not have fuel injection the fuel will flood the carburettor, causing engine to stall and shut down for the moment. During the Battle of Britain, German pilot started to exploit Spitfire weaknesses by pulling its nose on intense dogfight. To minimise the flaw, Beatrice "Tilly" Shilling designed the brass flow restrictor for the carburettor which designated as R.A.E restrictor, or popularly dubbed as 'Miss Shilling Orifice'. The brass restrictor could be installed to a engine without removing the carburettor itself.
** The Spitfire VIII and IX is the only Spitfire model which used a later Merlin engine with fully-sealed carburettor system installed. 

|see also = 
* [https://boxartden.com/reference/gallery/index.php/Modeling-References/Aircraft-Profiles/Britain/WW2/Supermarine-Spitfire-I-II Spitfire pictures, designs and history]

}}