{{EquipmentPage

|en = 
Installed on a submarine for scouting and surface reconnaissance purposes.<br/>Equipped to the upper part of the bridge, a number of excellent waterproof telescopes, surface and air radars concentrated with a more useful high radar (E27) will try to detect threats at an early stage.

|notes = 
* It '''does not''' reduce maelstrom effects.
* [[Thread:664766|April 2018 Ranking Reward]] for Top 20.

{{Clear}}

==Characteristics of New Submarine Torpedo Mounts==
{{:Partials/New Submarine Torpedo Cut-In|intro=radar}}

|trivia = 
The Navy E-27 Receiver ('''海軍「仮称電波探知機(逆探)」E-27受信機''') was a Electronic Support Measure (ESM) Radar Warning Receiver (RWR) based on the Metox RWR brought back to Japan during the [[wikipedia:ja:遣独潜水艦作戦|Submarine Dispatch Operations to Germany]] ('''遣独潜水艦作戦''').
* Various Japanese submarines were equipped with German RWR's:
** On 6 August 1942, I-30 was fitted with Metox when she was moved to one of the U-boat pens in the Keroman Submarine Base, Lorient, France.
** On 20 August 1943, Metox was installed on [[I-8]] by the tripulation of U-161.
** On 5 December 1943, I-29 was equipped with the Metox installed on I-8. Later on 14 February 1944, the tripulation of U-518 installs the newer Naxos and Wanze RWR's on her bridge.
** On 22 June 1943, I-52 was equipped with Naxos by the tripulation of U-530 before being sunk on the night of 24 June.
* On July 1943, [[Yamashiro]] was used to test a prototype version of the E-27 Receiver. The tests were met with success, thus 800 units were produced by Spring of the following year and 2,500 units by the end of the war.
** Prior to Yamashiro's tests, on 1 June 1943, [[Yukikaze]] was equipped with an RWR prior to the Battle of Kolombangara.
* The E-27 was equipped on the I-400-class and Ha-101-class submarines, among other vessels.

|see also = 
* [[wikipedia:Radar warning receiver|Radar warning receiver (Wikipedia)]]
* [[wikipedia:Radiolocation|Radiolocation (Wikipedia)]]
* [[wikipedia:ja:電波探知機|電波探知機 (Japanese Wikipedia)]]
* [http://www.yokohamaradiomuseum.com/radar.html 海軍電波探信儀関連機材 - Yokohama Radio Museum] (Japanese link)
* [http://www1.odn.ne.jp/~yaswara/antennan/gyaku.html 電波探知機（逆探） - 海軍レーダー徒然草] (Japanese link)

}}