__NOTOC__
Post here in the comments if you have an idea but can't implement it yourself (due to lack of skills or time, or perhaps other reasons), or you wish to make a change and start a discussion here first to avoid confusion and prevent edit wars from ensuing (especially when you are removing content from pages or other acts that might potentially upset other contributors). You can also post any comments about this wiki, or report any issues you find, including but not limited to vandalism, broken pages, or any changes that need admin rights.

To report [[Kancolle_Wiki:Policy|misbehavior]] you can also use [[Thread:546050|this thread]].

Be sure to check our [https://discord.gg/kancolle-wikia Discord] as well, #wikia-support channel can be used for Wikia related questions.
<!--
==Dedicated Discussions==

* '''[[Thread:546050|[Report] User Misbehavior and Deletion Requests]]''' - Seen someone misbehaving on the wikia? Were they flaming and offensive, using harsh words or bad language? Were they vandalizing articles? Any violation to the policy or general internet ethics? Report them here so that the staff can review and apply appropriate actions.

* '''[[Thread:206743|[Discussion] Rules and Policies]]''' - This is the official discussion thread for the wiki's Rules & Policies. This is a dedicated page where we can discuss parts of the policy, without flooding the Suggestion page, and having the "Quote" feature that will be very useful on these types of discussion.

* '''[[Thread:206780|Lua implementation]]''' (continued '''[[Thread:409079|here]]''') - ''[[Kancolle_Wiki:Lua|Project Lua Migration]]'', where ship and equipment information and templates are done in [[Help:Lua|Lua]] instead of traditional wikitext.
** Use [[Thread:409079]] for feature requests and general discussion about Lua-based templates.
** Use [[Thread:412632]] for reporting bugs with Lua-based templates.

* '''[[Thread:227413|Translation Consistency Proposal]]''' - discussion about the consistency of JP -> EN translations over the wiki and aims to set standards to be followed.

* '''[[Thread:222641|KanColle Official LN Summary/Translation Effort]]''' - an effort to bring summaries and translations of KanColle official light novels into the wiki
-->
==Feedback Guide==
To give highlight to your feedback and the general idea of your motion, you can use these template to take a side regarding the suggestion you are commenting to.

* '''Please use this template only once per topic'''. If you are replying a second time, just comment directly without the template.

===Support===
{{Support|I like it, also we could make blah blah...}}
<pre>
{{Support|YOUR_MESSAGE_HERE}}
</pre>

===Oppose===
{{Oppose|I don't think we should blah blah...}}
<pre>
{{Oppose|YOUR_MESSAGE_HERE}}
</pre>

===Neutral===
Just make a traditional comment without the templates.

{{CommentWarning
|background = #DEF
|border = #ACE
|title = Posting a Feedback Reminder
|message = Please click on the '''reply button''' on the threads you're giving feedback to. Do not post it on this textbox since it will create a new thread and we do not know what topic it is for. Thank you.
}}