__NOTOC__
The following information was derived from [http://discord.me/kancolle Kancolle subreddit discord chat] via their #event-mo as well as #event-eo channels.
Information are correct as of 00:47, August 18, 2016 (UTC):

{{Event/DetailToggle}}
=== <u>E-1</u> ===
<div class="mw-collapsible mw-expanded">
'''Fleet Compositions'''<br />
<u>'''ALL FAST'''</u>: <br />
2 CL, 3 DD, 1 CVL<br />
2 CL, 3 DD, 1 FBB<br />
2 CL, 1 CLT, 2 DD, 1 FBB (BEFGI) '''(RECOMMENDED FOR LAST DANCE)'''<br />
<br />
<u>Node C Farming</u>: 2 DD, 1 CVL, 2 CA, 1 AV<br />
<br />
'''Equipment Setup'''<br />
ASW Sonars and 1 Depth Charge for DD/CL<br />
ASW Planes + Torpedo Bombers + Saiun on CVL <br />
Two Seaplanes on FBB<br />
<br />
'''LBAS'''<br />
N/A<br />
<br />
'''LOS Requirement'''<br />
G - <u>'''10.06 eLoS on Medium and at least 13.55 eLoS on Hard'''</u>
<br />
</div>
{{clear}}

=== <u>E-2</u> ===
<div class="mw-collapsible mw-expanded">
'''Fleet Compositions'''<br />
'''TRANSPORT''': <br />
3 DD, 1 CAV, 1 CL, 1 AV (Recommend 1 AACI DD and 1 TCI DD Flagship) <br />
<br />
<u>D Node Farming</u>:<br />
All Subs<br />
<br />
'''Equipment Setup'''<br />
High-Angle Guns on DD, Double Attack Setup on CL/CAV, Seaplane Bombers on AV and CAV, Recommended to use Mizuho Add as many Drums/Daihatsu as desired to increase TP reduction.<br />
<br />
'''LBAS'''<br />
Air Defense: All the Interceptors you have and fill the rest with Fighters.<br />
<br />
<u>D Node Farming</u>: 
1 Air Defense and 1 Attack on D Node or All Attack on D Node<br />
</div>
{{clear}}

=== <u>E-3</u> ===
<div class="mw-collapsible mw-expanded">
'''Fleet Compositions'''<br />
<u>'''COMBINED STF'''</u>: <br />
<u>Power</u>:<br />
4 FBB, 1 CV(B), 1 CA + 2 CA(V), 1 CL, 2 DD, 1 FBB<br />
4 FBB, 2 CVL, + 2 CA(V), 1 CL, 2 DD, 1 FBB<br />
3 CV(B), 1 CA(V), 2 FBB + CL, 2 DD, 2 FBB, and either CLT or CA(V) in last slot<br />
''Can replace a FBB in the Main Fleet with a CA or in the Escort with a CLT.''<br />
<br />
'''Escort FBB cannot be Bismarck.'''<br />
<br />
<u>Historical:</u><br />
'''7 of:'''<br />
{{ShipLink|Haruna}}, {{ShipLink|Kongou}} (recommended)<br />
{{ShipLink|Mogami}}, {{ShipLink|Suzuya}}, {{ShipLink|Kumano}}, {{ShipLink|Mikuma}} (all recommended)<br />
{{ShipLink|Fubuki}} (recommended)<br />
{{ShipLink|Choukai}} (recommended)<br />
{{ShipLink|Hatsuyuki}}, {{ShipLink|Shirayuki}}, {{ShipLink|Yura}}, {{ShipLink|Kinu}} (not recommended)<br />
<br />
<u>Main</u>: {{ShipLink|Haruna}}, {{ShipLink|Kongou}}, 2 {{ShipLink|Mogami}}/{{ShipLink|Choukai}}, 2 CVL or CV+FBB<br />
<u>Escort</u>: {{ShipLink|Fubuki}}, 2 {{ShipLink|Mogami}}/{{ShipLink|Choukai}}, DD, CL, FBB<br />
''{{ShipLink|Haruna}} or {{ShipLink|Kongou}} can be in Escort''<br />
<br />
<u>'''Node Support Expedition Required.'''</u><br />
<br />
'''Equipment Setup'''<br />
''AP Shells on FBB''<br />
Double Attack Setup on CA(V), CL, DD, FBB. <br />
<u>'''T3 Shells, WG42, and Daihatsu Required.'''</u><br />
<br />
'''LBAS'''<br />
1 Squadron to Air Defense: 1 Interceptor and 3 Fighters<br />
1 Squadron to Attack Boss Node Twice: 2 Land Base Attack Aircraft and 2 Fighters<br />
<br />
'''Debuff:'''<br />
Get S Rank on Node G.<br />
Get S Rank on both Nodes A and D (by taking no damage during the air raids)<br />
Make sure both air base squadron platforms take 0 damage on an air raid at least once.<br />
'''Debuff does not reset even if you switch difficulties'''<br />
</div>
{{clear}}

=== <u>E-4</u> ===
<div class="mw-collapsible mw-expanded">

'''Fleet Compositions'''<br />
<u>'''COMBINED CTF'''</u>:<br />
2 FBB, 4 CV(B) + 1 CL, 3 DD, 1 CLT, 1 CA<br />
<br />
<u>'''Boss Support Expedition Required.'''</u><br />
<br />
<u>I and K Node Farming: </u><br />
2 CAV, 2 FBB, 2 CV(B) + 1 CL, 1 FBB, 2 DD, 2 CA(V)<br />
<br />
'''Equipment Setup'''<br />
<u>Map Clearing:</u><br />
Double Attack Setup on CA(V)/CL(T), (F)BB. Torpedo Bombers and Fighters on CV(B). Torpedo Cut-In Setup for Escort. 1 AACI DD.<br />
<br />
<u>I Node Farming: </u><br />
AP Shells on Main Fleet FBB, WG42 + T3 Shells needed, 3 Radars for Maelstrom.<br />
<br />
'''LBAS'''<br />
All Attack on I Node (Installation) or 2 Attack and 1 Air Defense.<br />
'''Catalina and/or Taitei is required to Attack the Boss Node.'''<br />
<br />
'''Debuff:'''<br />
S rank C, D, H, I, K Nodes (Only do 4 out of the 5)<br />
Listen for Quest Sound when retreating to Base<br />
Do not need to do all 4 at once<br />
''Debuff does not reset even if you switch difficulties''<br />
</div>
{{clear}}