==Info==

<div style="display: inline-block;"><h3>Basic</h3>{{EnemyShipInfoKai|{{PAGENAME}}/}}</div>
<div style="display: inline-block;"><h3>Basic II</h3>{{EnemyShipInfoKai|{{PAGENAME}}/II}}</div>
<div style="display: inline-block;"><h3>Basic III</h3>{{EnemyShipInfoKai|{{PAGENAME}}/III}}</div>
<div style="display: inline-block;"><h3>Damaged</h3>{{EnemyShipInfoKai|{{PAGENAME}}/Damaged}}</div>
<div style="display: inline-block;"><h3>Damaged II</h3>{{EnemyShipInfoKai|{{PAGENAME}}/Damaged II}}</div>
<div style="display: inline-block;"><h3>Damaged III</h3>{{EnemyShipInfoKai|{{PAGENAME}}/Damaged III}}</div>
==Quotes==
{{Abyssquote
|Clip1 = {{Audio|file=Supply Depot Princess Intro.ogg}}<br/>{{Audio|file=Supply Depot Princess  Broken Form Intro.ogg}}
|開幕前 = アツメタ…ブッシ…ハ……ヤラセハ……シナイ……ッ！
<br/>マタ…キタノカ……。　モウ……カエレッ…ヨォ………！(Damaged Form)
|EN1 = My gathered... materials... I will not let you..have them..!
You're..still coming here... get out already...! (Damaged Form)
|Clip0 = {{Audio|file=Supply Depot Princess Attack.ogg}}<br/>{{Audio|file=Supply Depot Princess  Broken Form Attack.ogg}}
|砲撃 = フフッ…ヤッテシマエ…。カエリウチダ！<br/>
イカシテカエスナ…。シズメ…シズメェェッ！(Damaged Form)
|EN0 = Heheh... Set them ablaze quickly... it's our counterattack...!
I will not let you live....sink..SIIIINK..! (Damaged Form)
|Clip2 = {{Audio|file=Supply Depot Princess Damaged.ogg}}<br/>{{Audio|file=Supply Depot Princess  Broken Form Damaged.ogg}}
|被弾 = イタイ…ヤメロッ！…モエテシマウ…<br/>
ヤメロヨ…。セッカクアツメタノニ…モエテシマウ…。ヤメロォッ！(Damaged Form)
|EN2 = It hurts...stop..! It's gonna burn...!
Please stop... the...materials I worked hard to get...it's gonna burn..! Stooop! (Damaged Form)
|Clip3 = {{Audio|file=Supply Depot Princess Sunk.ogg}}<br/>{{Audio|file=Supply Depot Princess Destroyed.ogg}}
|昼戦終了時 = イタイッテ イッテルノニ……キコエナイノォ！？（Normal  Form Destroyed Line)
<br/>
モヤスノハヤメテ…。セッカク……アツメタノニ…。アッ……デモ…モエルホノオ……ナンダカ…綺麗だ。(Damaged Form)
|EN3 = I complained about my pain alot...  Could't you hear my voice?（Normal  Form Destroyed Line)
<br/>
Stop burning our materials... And I was collecting such more them...　Ah... but... the burning flames are...somehow..beautiful.(Damaged Form)
}}

== Character ==
* '''[[Glossary#List of Vessels by Japanese Voice Actresses|Seiyuu]]''': [https://myanimelist.net/people/1105/Megumi_Nakajima Megumi Nakajima] (中島愛)

==Trivia==
* [[Early Fall 2018 Event]] E-2 Phase 2 Boss.
*She is weak against Anti-Ground weapons( [[Type 3 Shell]], [[WG42 (Wurfgerät 42)]], [[Type 2 12cm Mortar Kai]], etc) and [[List of Landing Crafts by stats|amphibious equipment]] only. 
*Her Damaged form has high evasion status, so it is effective to use high improved Anti-Ground equipment.


{{Enemyshiplist}}
{{EnemyShipCategoriesKai|{{PAGENAME}}/}}
[[Category:Enemy Vessel]]
[[Category:Bosses]]
[[Category:Abyssal Land Bases]]