{{Equipment

|en = 
Equipped with a heavy engine and sturdy body, This main torpedo attack plane, "TBF" raced across the skies of the latter half of the Pacific War.<br/>This new carrier-borne torpedo attack plane, carrying the name of avengers, has released painful shocks into Japanese main fleets, under the cover of the F6F series.

|notes = 
*Obtainable from quests [[Quests#A80|A80]] and [[Quests#B105|B105]] (choice between 2 rewards), from quest [[Quests#B106|B106]] (choice between 3 rewards) and quest [[Quests#B152|B152]] (choice between 3 rewards).

|trivia = 
*After the disastrous display of the TBD Devastators during the Battle of Midway, the TBF was hurried to production to replace it as the USN's main torpedo bomber. It was the heaviest single-engine aircraft of the war due to it's large bomb bay, fuel tank, engine and radio equipment, giving it its rigid handling. It became famous for sinking battleship Musashi and Yamato, making it one of the most successful torpedo bombers of the war.
* Because of it's aforementioned size, it received the nickname "The Turkey" from both its pilots and flight deck crew, particularly from those based on escort carriers.
* One particularly famous pilot was future U.S. President George H. W. Bush who was also the youngest pilot at the time who flew the TBM variant of the Avenger.
* Another famous event involving the TBF was the mass disappearance of [[wikipedia:Flight 19|Flight 19]] off of Florida over the Bermuda Triangle.
* Due to the continuing defects with the Mark 13 Torpedo even after the introduction of the TBF, it spent most of the time using regular bombs due to its unreliability or fulfilling other roles instead. It wasn't until the Battle of Leyte Gulf that these flaws were ironed out completely.
* Thanks to Grumman focusing on F6F Hellcat production by 1944, production of the TBF was switched over to the Eastern Aircraft Division of General Motors, where they were redesignated TBM.

|see also = 
* [[wikipedia:Grumman TBF Avenger|Grumman TBF Avenger - Wikipedia]]
* [[wikipedia:ja:TBF (航空機)|TBF (航空機) - Wikipedia]] (Japanese link)
* [http://www.boxartden.com/gallery/index.php/Profiles/Aero-Series/21-Grumman-TBF-TBM Grumman TBF Avenger pictures, designs and history]
* [http://acepilots.com/planes/avenger.html More TBF supplementary material]

}}