{{Equipment

|en = 
Equipped with a heavy engine and sturdy body, This main torpedo attack plane, "TBF" raced across the skies of the latter half of the Pacific War. This new carrier-borne torpedo attack plane, carrying the name of avengers, equipped with on-board radar, is capable of night operations as "TBM-3D". Try out operations with a carrier-included fleet that focuses on night battles.

|notes = 
* Quest [[Quests#F62|F62]] reward.
* '''Anti-Submarine Patrol capable''' as of [[Fall 2017 Event#Information Update|17 November 2017]].
* '''Anti-Submarine Patrol capabilities''' have been improved as of [[Thread:619312|11 December 2017]].

|trivia = 
After the disastrous display of the TBD Devastators during the Battle of Midway, the TBF was hurried to production to replace it as the USN's main torpedo bomber. By 1943, Grumman was slowly phasing out production of the TBF in favor of focusing on the F6F fighter series and handing over production to General Motors, which were designated as TBM. They changed the manufacturing process to be more suited for an automobile assembly line while also modifying it to carry rockets (as seen on the card art), extra drop tanks or searchlights. Because of this, they produced the most Avengers, at about 4,600 produced, but the -1 variant had more in service by the end of the war.
* The radar that is seen under the right wing is the AN/APS-3 Microwave ASV series, which was used for ASW, torpedo guidance, locating friendly and enemy ships (as well as identifying friendlies via a beacon), blind bombing and general navigation.
* The TBM is connected to the famous "Rosie the Riveter" wartime symbol of American female factory workers, which came from one of the 5 factories that produced the TBM.
* The JMSDF used the TBM as training aircraft when it was first established, but they used the -3S and -3W variants instead.
* Thanks to Grumman focusing on F6F Hellcat production by 1944, production of the Avenger was switched over to the Eastern Aircraft Division of General Motors, where all subsequent production models were designated as TBM.

|see also = 
* [[wikipedia:Grumman TBF Avenger|General Motors TBM Avenger]]
* [http://www.boxartden.com/gallery/index.php/Profiles/Aero-Series/21-Grumman-TBF-TBM General Motors TBM Avenger pictures, designs and history]
* [http://acepilots.com/planes/avenger.html More TBM supplementary material]

}}