{{Equipment

|en = 

|notes = 
*The first torpedo bomber to have {{Dive}} stat
*Only {{Torpedo}} is used in Opening Airstrike damage calculation
*Both {{Dive}} and {{Torpedo}} are used for calculating damage in Day Shelling and Night Battle

|collapsed = true

|trivia = 

'''TBM-3W'''

Since the beginning of the war, it became clear that search radars installed on ships couldn’t detect aircraft flying at low enough attitude in range needed to guarantee appropriate defense from air raid. Radar antenna installed at a height of 50 feet couldn’t detect plane flying at attitude of 500 feet or lower, until it was in 20 miles from the ship. Solution of this problem was obvious – increase height of radar antenna by installing it on plane that is circling above the ship.

In the beginning of 1942, USA made a number of experiments as part of Project Cadillac, resulted in development of APS-20 radar which could detect target from 136 miles. Its weight made possible to install radar on a plane, and since such plane had to have enough space for large electronic equipment, TBM-3 was chosen as suitable for this conversion.

Significantly redesigned for radar installation TBM-3 was designated as TBM-3W. All weapons, armor plating and bombing equipment was removed. AN/APS-20 was placed in front section of bombing bay and antenna was covered with fiber optic fairing. Previously radio operator’s section was converted for radar operator with other equipment. Long canopy and turret were replaced with single pilot’s canopy. To improve lateral stability, near ends of horizontal stabilizers additional small vertical stabilizers were installed. TBM-3W prototype made its first flight on 5 August 1944 and US Navy immediately commissioned conversions of available TBM-3 and TBM-3E airframes to TBM-3W.

Intensive kamikaze attacks against Allied fleet in Okinawa one more time emphasized the value of these planes. By the beginning of 1945, tests were completed and TBM-3W future crews training was started, however war ended before planes entered service. First unit with TBM-3W planes was created only in May 1946.

Avenger turned out not to be a perfect platform for a radar. Insufficient amount of space in fuselage allowed to have only one radar operator, in cramped conditions. Nevertheless, TBM-3W was the first AEW (Airborne Early Warning) aircraft and proved viability of this conception, what lead to development of modern AEW&C aircrafts, like E-2 Hawkeye.


'''TBM-3S'''

Cold War in 50s was the period of increasing tension between West and East. Threat from Soviet submarines made USA pay more attention to anti-submarine warfare and develop a plane with special gear which could locate and eliminate new submarines. Avenger had already proved being a good ASW aircraft during the Battle of the Atlantic and Navy returned back to this plane that had to face new threat.

Several TBM-3E were modified for ASW purposes. New electronic equipment was installed. Gun turret was turned into radar operator section. Searchlights were mounted under right wing, sonobuoy launchers were placed behind radio operator compartment. Since TBM-3S was supposed to fly at low attitudes, oxygen equipment was removed. To receive radar information from AEW aircraft, data transfer system was available with antenna mounted on top of vertical stabilizer. Anti-submarine weapons, such as depth charges or acoustic torpedoes, were placed in bomb bay, underwing mountings for rockets remained from TBM-3E.

Increasing complexity of tasks for TBM-3S led to development of more complicated systems and new type of ASW planes, a good example of which is S-3A Viking.


'''“Killer-Hunter” and service in Japan'''

Usually TBM-3S was used together with TBM-3W as “Killer-Hunter” ASW pair, where attack plane was “Killer” and AEW aircraft was “Hunter”. As individually working group, this unit could track down and engage hostile submarines without any support from ships. 

When on 1 July 1954 Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force was founded, Avengers were its first planes. Both TBM-3W and TBM-3S were delivered to Japan by US as part of allied military support program. 10 of each TBM-3W2 and TBM-3S2 were operated on Omura Air Base, Nagasaki. Their quantity was gradually decreasing (faulty planes were disassembled for spare parts). In 1960 remaining Avengers were converted for target towing and were completely decommissioned in 1962.

|see also = 

}}