{{Equipment

|en = 
The exceptional 11th Tank Regiment that was stationed on Shumshu, the northernmost of the Chishima Islands, at the end of the war.<br/>With the help of Toku Daihatsu Landing Craft this elite unit, also called "Warrior Soul" corps, can be used to transport supplies, combat units from shore to shore and for landing operations.

|notes = 
* [[Spring 2017 Event]] E-3 Normal/Hard reward.
* Provide a [[Installation Type|damage bonus]] to some [[Enemy vessel#Bosses .28Land Bases.29|Land Based enemies]].
* Currently the only Landing Craft that doesn't provide a [[Expedition/Introduction#Landing Craft|bonus to expedition incomes]].
'''TL Note''': "Warrior Soul" corps is a visual pun based on 士 in 「士魂」部隊. Taking it apart results in 十一 i.e. "11", the regiment's number.

|trivia = 
* The 11th Tank Regiment was a component of the 91st Division of the Imperial Japanese Army.
** Remnants of the 57th Shipping Engineer Regiment were also attached to the same division and were equipped with 20 [[Toku Daihatsu Landing Craft]].
** The 4th Tank Company was the only detachment of the 11th Tank Regiment to be stationed on Paramushiro.
* The 11th Tank Regimental Commander was Colonel Sueo Ikeda (池田末男陸軍大佐), he was also called "God of the Tank Corps" (戦車隊の神様).
** He died in 18 August 1945 during the Battle of Shumshu and received, posthumously, the title of Major General (陸軍少将).
* The 11th Tank Regiment was equipped with a total of 64 tanks:
** 39 of them were [[wikipedia:Type 97 Chi-Ha|Type 97 Chi-Ha Medium Tank]]:
*** 19 of them were standard model, also known as "Old Turret" Chi-Ha (旧砲塔チハ).
*** 20 of them were [[wikipedia:Type 97 ShinHoTo Chi-Ha|Type 97-Kai]] Model, also known as "New Turret" Chi-Ha (新砲塔チハ).
** The remaining 25 tanks were [[wikipedia:Type 95 Ha-Go|Type 95 Ha-Gou Light Tank]]s.

|see also = 
* [[wikipedia:ja:池田末男|池田末男 - Wikipedia]] (Japanese link)
* [[wikipedia:ja:占守島の戦い|占守島の戦い - Wikipedia]] (Japanese link)
* [[wikipedia:Organization of Kita and Minami Fortresses|Organization of Kita and Minami Fortresses - Wikipedia]]

}}