{{EquipmentPage

|en = 
This is additional depth charge equipment for used in anti-submarine actions. The depth charges have been improved from wartime testing.<br/>When equipped in combination with depth charge projectors, sonar, and such anti-submarine equipment on Destroyers, Coastal Defense Ships, and the like, anti-submarine ability will increase.

|notes = 
* [[Spring 2017 Event]] E-2 Normal/Hard reward.
* [[Summer 2017 Event]] E-2 Normal/Hard reward.
* [[Fall 2017 Event]] E-2 Normal/Hard reward.
* [[Winter 2018 Event]] E-2 Hard reward.
* Can be upgraded from a [[Type 95 Depth Charge]] through [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]].
* Quest [[Quests#C21|C21]] reward.
* Quest [[Quests#C24|C24]] offers this as a choice between two rewards.
* <font color="red">Quest [[Quests#Bs28|Bs28]] offers this as a choice between three rewards. Only available during the <abbr title="From 1 January 2018 to 17 January 2018">2018 New Year's update</abbr>.</font>
* <font color="red">Quest [[Spring 2018 Mini-Event#Su08|Su08]] reward. Only available during the <abbr title="From 15 May to 13 June 2018">Spring 2018 Mini-Event</abbr>.</font>

*Boosts ASW damage by 15% when used together with a Sonar only or by 10% when used together with a Depth Charge Projector only
*Boosts ASW damage by 25% when used together with a Sonar and a Depth Charge Projector. Note that this Boost is separate from the bonus for the Sonar+Depth Charge Projector combination and counts extra.
*This item provides armor penetration of 2 to an ASW attack. This armor penetration is independent of the ASW set synergy and Akashi improvement.
{{:Partials/ASW Synergy}}

|trivia = 

|see also = 

}}