{{Equipment

|en = 
This is a domestically produced midget submarine.<br/>It can be used from light cruisers (torpedo cruisers), seaplane tenders remodeled as motherships, and submarines.<br/>It is a special weapon with two torpedoes and approaches and attacks enemy ships in support of the fleet's decisive battle.

|notes = 
* Grants a pre-emptive torpedo attack before the first shelling phase to CLTs, AVs, and Submarines below level 10. Submarines above level 10 do not need to equip this for an opening attack.
* Can be equipped by [[Abukuma#Second Upgrade|Abukuma Kai Ni]] and [[Yura#Second Upgrade|Yura Kai Ni]].
* '''Cannot''' be equipped by [[Akitsushima]] nor [[Commandant Teste]].
* Despite the fact that it has a torpedo icon, the Kouhyouteki is not considered a torpedo in battle calculations. Be careful when you enter night battles with the Kouhyouteki equipped as the number of main guns, secondary guns and torpedoes determines whether your ships can perform cut-in attacks. (See also "Night Battle" section in "[[Combat]]" page.)
* Renamed from [[Kouhyouteki]] in the [[Partials/Updates/2018 August 15th|Phase 2 (HTML5) update]].

|trivia = 
The Kouhyouteki, which means "Target 'A', Type 'A'," was given its name in order to disguise its true purpose: if its design was discovered prematurely by Japan's foes, the Japanese Navy could insist that the vessels were practice battle targets. They were also called "Tubes" (筒 Tou) or "Target" (的 Teki, abbreviation of 'Hyōteki') and other slang names.
* Five of these participated in the attack on Pearl Harbor, with two actually making it to the harbor. They also participated in the attacks at Sydney Harbor, as well as in Madagascar.

|see also = 
* [[wikipedia:ja:甲標的|甲標的 (Japanese Wikipedia)]]

}}