{{Equipment

|en =
This is the navy's main land based attack aircraft, flying from air bases to attack enemy ships in its anti-shipping role as well as participating in air-raids over the enemy's airfields. It certainly fought as the core of the naval base aviation's strike aircraft even though they suffered heavy losses when they lost air superiority during the latter stages of the great war.

|notes =
*[[Thread:420401|March 2016 Ranking Reward]] for Top 5 and 20.
*Quest [[Quests#F39|F39]] reward.
*[[Spring 2016 Event]] E-2 Hard, E-4 Medium/Hard, and E-5 Easy/Medium/Hard reward.
*[[Summer 2016 Event]] E-1 Medium/Hard and E-3 Easy/Medium reward.
*[[Summer 2017 Event]] E-5 Easy reward.

|trivia =
The successor to the Type 96 Land-based Attack Aircraft, this distinctly cigar shaped plane was the main twin-engine bomber of the IJN during WW2. Its complete lack of any defense gave it the long range, high speed and agility it was known for as it could also be used as a traditional torpedo bomber too. Although its qualities were effective at medium to high altitude, it backfired when used for low altitude or torpedo bombing since enemy AA fire could easily ignite and hit the aircraft due to its size.
* It's Allied codename was "Betty".
* The G4M is famous for the sinking of the Royal Navy's [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sinking_of_Prince_of_Wales_and_Repulse Prince of Whales and Repulse], which solidified the importance of air cover and air power right after the Attack on Pearl Harbor while also proving how defenseless a battleship really is against aircraft in open waters.
* Another famous event involving the G4M was the [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Vengeance ambush] and death of [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isoroku_Yamamoto Admiral Yamamoto], which was transporting him to a scheduled field inspection. Yamamoto greatly influenced IJN land-based bomber development by requiring long ranged bombers and capable of using torpedoes for the purpose of whittling down the USN across the Pacific. The only thing missing were long ranged escort fighters but in turn also influenced the requirements for the Zero fighter.
* Near the end of the war, some G4M were converted as mother ships for the Ohka suicide craft, though a failure due to the continued fragility of the bomber and extreme USN AA defense and air power. A successful operation demonstration can be seen in the anime "The Cockpit".
* Its notorious ease of flammability gave birth to amusing nicknames from both the IJN and USN like the Type 1 Lighter, Flying Zippo (a lighter manufacturer), Flying Lighter/Cigar, One Shot Lighter and Flying Cigarette Lighter.

|see also =
*[http://pwencycl.kgbudge.com/G/4/G4M_Betty.htm Mitsubishi G4M specifications]
}}