{{Equipment

|en = 
The Type 0 Reconnaissance Seaplane was the backbone of the fleet's aerial recon force, it saw broad service in the first half of the war. Benefited from having a three-man crew, the model was equipped by battleships, cruisers and seaplane tenders to serve as the eyes of the fleet. This aircraft is a later model with improvements on patrol-related performances and other specs.

|notes = 
* [[Thread:569593|May 2017]] Ranking Reward for top 100.
* [[Fall 2017 Event]] E-1 Easy reward.
* [[Early Fall 2018 Event]] E-2 Easy reward.
*Can be chosen as reward for Quest D29.
* '''Anti-Submarine Patrol capable''' as of [[Thread:619312|11 December 2017]].


|trivia = 
The development of the Type 3 Ku Mark 6 Model 4 "Wireless Telegraph" in 1942 and the KMX in 1943, both by part of the Yokosuka Naval Air Technical Arsenal were integrated into the [[Type 0 Reconnaissance Seaplane|Type 0 Reconnaissance Seaplane Model 11A]] in 1944, thus the Model 11B was conceived. The H-6 Radar improved air and surface patrolling capabilities, while the KMX conferred it submarine detection capabilities. A night reconnaissance variant of this aircraft was also conceived.

* The Type 3 Ku Mark 6 Model 4 "Wireless Telegraph" was in reality a radar. It was given this designation to conserve it's secrecy.
** It was also known as H-6 Radar or Ku Mark 6 Radar.
** In laboratory conditions the radar demonstrated exceptional performance, but due to the shortage of supplies, lack of raw materials due to air raids and other factors meant that when built in mass production the radars were of low quality and reliability.
* The KMX is a Magnetic Anomaly Detector developed and used by the Japanese Navy granting aircraft the capability to detect enemy submarines.
** It was also known as the Type 3 Mark 1 Detector.
** A MAD is an instrument used to detect minute variations in the Earth's magnetic field and the term refers specifically to magnetometers used by military forces to detect submarines.
*** The Japanese called the technology jikitanchiki (磁気探知機, "Magnetic Detector").

|see also = 
* [[wikipedia:Aichi E13A|Aichi E13A - Wikipedia]]
* [[wikipedia:ja:零式水上偵察機|零式水上偵察機 - Wikipedia]] (Japanese link)

}}