{{Equipment

|en =
A carrier fighter squadron of "Type 0 Fighter Model 53"'s led by Squadron Leader "Reisen Kotetsu" Iwamoto who was finally entrusted with a squadron. Flying the improved "Zero Fighter Model 53" with better survivability and engine compared to the "Model 52", leading experienced aircrew they soar into the battle in the sky.

|notes =
*Quest [[Quests#F30|F30]] reward.

|trivia =
A highly skilled pilot with nearly 8 years of fighter pilot experience, Tetsuzou Iwamoto is the highest scoring WW2 fighter pilot ace of the Pacific Theater, amassing 80+ kills flying his Zero Model 21, 52A and 53.
* Managed to shoot down nearly 1/4th of all F4U Corsair lost to aerial combat despite the technical disadvantage.
* He was one of the few pilots who could fly and lead his air group solely on flight instruments (without radar) and perform attack operations and carrier landings at night, which was considered borderline impossible without radar in the USN.
* Although not visible due to the angle of the plane, Iwamoto decorated his plane [http://web.fc2.com/jump/?url=http://angelof.web.fc2.com/iwamoto102.jpg with sakura petals on the left side], each one representing kill markings. The fairy does represent this by wearing an arm band with the same sakura petals.
* The last quest in the quest chain requires you to scrap 2 Saiun. This may be a reference to Iwamoto's air group using the Saiun for valuable recon before and during air engagements as he considered himself a soldier who valued information gathering and cooperation between them and the scouting team. This ultimately enhanced his already overwhelming skill to defeat the more advanced USN planes.
* One of the few Japanese aces from the beginning of the war to survive, though post-war life was not as easy for him as his military career caused him to be blacklisted from employment. He died on May 20, 1955.

|see also =
*[http://acesofww2.com/japan/aces/iwamoto/ Tetsuzo Iwamoto (acesofww2)]
*[[Aircraft Conversion]]
}}