{{Equipment

|en = 
The most mass-produced main fighter aircraft for the Army, Type 1 Fighter "Hayabusa", this is the final mass production type.<br/>Although the basic design of the aircraft itself was becoming old-fashioned, with a strengthened engine, the aircraft continued the struggle to the final stage of the fight on each front.

|notes = 
* [[Spring 2017 Event]] E-2 Hard and E-3 Easy/Normal reward.
* [[Thread:547293|March 2017 Ranking Reward]] for Top 100 (only 21st ~ 100th place).
* Can be upgraded from a [[Type 1 Fighter Hayabusa Model II]] through [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]].

|trivia = 
The Nakajima Aircraft Company's interests in the Hayabusa ended with the conversion of their Ota line to the [[Type 4 Fighter Hayate]], thus the Hayabusa became an exclusive interest of the Tachikawa Aircraft Company (currently Tachihi Kigyou K.K.). Despite the Hayabusa being obsolete late in the war, the Tachikawa Aircraft Company based on the design of the Mark II Kai (a revision that incorporates all of the improvements of the Mark II series) created the Mark IIIa, which debuted in the summer of 1944. It included a newer Nakajima Ha-115 II engine incorporated with water-methanol injection capabilities, which allowed it to reach a top speed of 560 km/h, some models integrated skis for snow operations.
* It was mainly used in the air defense of Tokyo and other major cities and also many kamikaze strikes near the end of the war.
* After the war, some Ki-43-IIIa's were captured by the French Air Force, who reportedly had difficulty handling the planes during landing and crashed a few planes when Japanese pilots considered it very easy to fly and land.

|see also = 
* [[wikipedia:Nakajima Ki-43|Nakajima Ki-43 - Wikipedia]]
* [[wikipedia:ja:一式戦闘機|一式戦闘機 - Wikipedia]] (Japanese link)
* [http://www.boxartden.com/gallery/index.php/Profiles/Osprey-Aircam-Aviation-Series/13-Nakajima-Ki-43-Hayabusa Ki-43 Hayabusa pictures, designs and history]
* [http://www.warbirdforum.com/hayabus2.htm]
* [http://www.webcitation.org/query?url=http://www.geocities.com/SoHo/Museum/4826/Oscar.htm&date=2009-10-25+10:02:42]

}}