{{Equipment

|en =
The quad engine large size flying boat 'Type 2 Large Flying Boat' is more commonly known as the 'Type 2 Flying Boat'. With its large wings and boat like airframe, it is used for long range reconnaissance and transport of important personnel. In its era, it was a masterpiece that greatly exceeded contemporaries and its descendants are still in use today, be it in the skies or at the seas.

|notes =

*[[Spring 2015 Event]] E-5 Hard and E-6 Medium/Hard reward.
*It increases the chance of "Great Success" at the scouting nodes in 6-3.
*Requires that a [[List_of_Seaplanes_by_stats#Seaplane_Bombers|Seaplane Bomber]] be launched in order for it to participate in aerial combat.
**''Increase hit rate(?)''
*Can be used to attack submarines.
*Cannot be used for artillery spotting unlike other seaplanes.
*Can trigger contact.
*If assigned to an airbase for [[Land Base Aerial Support]], the Type 2 Large Flying Boat will increase the maximum combat range of all aircraft in the airbase by 3.

|trivia =
Also known as the ''Seikuu ''(晴空, "Clear Sky"), it is widely considered the best plane in its class, the Kawanishi H8K was designed to replace the aging and lacking H6K. Its huge size allowed it to wield outstanding defensive and offensive armaments such as 4000 pounds of bombs or depth charges, 2 torpedoes and 8-10 turrets. Despite its size, it was also fast (for a flying boat), extremely long ranged, well armored and had the capacity to hold about 64 soldiers for transport or paratroop operations. Although it could perform these impressive feats, it ended up being used mostly for transport, communications, recon, ASW and rescue operations.
* The H8K had on board several commodities such as a restroom with a flushing toilet (predating the Boeing 707), air conditioning, beds and refrigerators for long-distance flights. Smoking was strictly forbidden to prevent fires or fuel explosions.
* It was nicknamed "Flying Porcupine" by the Allies for its heavy defenses. Today, it has gained a new nickname by the Japanese, Taitei-chan, because of Akitsushima's obsession for the flying boat.
* Although the in-game plane is the Model 12, it can only do ASW attacks and recon.

|see also =
*[https://ja.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E4%BA%8C%E5%BC%8F%E9%A3%9B%E8%A1%8C%E8%89%87 二式飛行艇 (Japanese Link)]
*[https://boxartden.com/reference/gallery/index.php/Modeling-References/Aircraft-Profiles/Japan/Kawanishi-4-motor-Flying-Boats-233 Kawanishi H6K/H8K additional reading material]
*[http://danbooru.donmai.us/posts/2000208 Kawanishi H8K diagram]
}}