{{Map/Header}}
{{Map/Info
|en = Guano Atoll Sea
|jp = グアノ環礁沖海域
|romaji = Guano-kanshō oki kaiiki
|mechanics = LoS Check@Line of Sight, Manual Node Selection@Events/Mechanics#Node specific details
|exp_hq = 180
|exp_hq_boss = 2760
|show_kills = true
|kills = 4
|strategy_name = [[wikipedia:Operation K|Operation K]]
|strategy_name_ja = K作戦
|strategy_info = Advance a fleet consisting of seaplane tenders equipped with flying boats or reconnaissance planes, light cruisers and destroyers into direction of Guano atoll.
And carry out the aerial scout "Operation K"!
|strategy_info_ja = 飛行艇または水上偵察機を装備した水上機母艦・軽巡・駆逐艦による艦隊を同方面へ進出、航空偵察「K作戦」を実施せよ！
}}
{{MapBranchingTable
|id = 6-3

|A/empty -> B,C = * Choice node

|E -> F, G/resource = 
*Meet '''ANY''' of the following to go to F
**Amount of AV+CL ≧ 4
**Amount of AV ≧ 2 
*Go to G if CL ≤ 1 '''and''' DD ≧ 3
*Otherwise, random routing (More likely to go to F)

|G/resource -> x/resource =
* AV's Seaplane/Flying Boat will obtain a random amount of resource (Ammo, Bauxite or Development Materials)
* Having a [[Type_2_Large_Flying_Boat|Type 2 Large Flying Boat]] has a higher potential in gaining resources
|G/resource -> H/resource = * Fixed route

|H/resource -> x/resource = 
* AV's Seaplane/Flying Boat will obtain a random amount of resource (Ammo, Bauxite or Development Materials)
* Having a [[Type_2_Large_Flying_Boat|Type 2 Large Flying Boat]] has a higher potential in gaining resources
|H/resource ->  I/empty =
* Fail the LoS check
** Routing becomes random if the LoS is between 36 - 38 [[Line_of_Sight#Equipment_LoS_weighting_modifier|F33(C<sub>n</sub>=3)]] formula
|H/resource -> J = * Pass the LoS check of 38 or higher using the [[Line_of_Sight#Equipment_LoS_weighting_modifier|F33(C<sub>n</sub>=3)]] formula
}}
*You '''CANNOT''' bring BB(V), CA(V), CLT, CV(L), SS, DE or Auxiliary Ships.
*[[Katori]]/[[Kashima]] can be brought to this map.
*At least 1 AV, 1 CL/CT and 1 DD must be in the fleet to be able to sortie to the map.
**It is not possible however to bring more than 3 [CL+CT] or more than 2 AV.
*There is a LoS check from H->J. The LoS requirement is 38 for guaranteed routing is [[Line_of_Sight#Equipment_LoS_weighting_modifier|F33(C<sub>n</sub>=3)]] according to tests (data yet to be published [http://ja.kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/%E3%82%B9%E3%83%AC%E3%83%83%E3%83%89:887])
*Node G and H are a new type of "Aviation Detection" node
**Resources obtained in these nodes can only be received if you have obtained Rank B or higher at the Boss Node.Otherwise, the resources obtained are nullified. The mechanism was first introduced into this map and then subsequently used in future events.
**It's possible to fail gathering resources at the node itself if fleet LoS is too low.  Bringing RADAR, seaplane scouts/bombers/large flying boats can increase success chance.
*Node B and C are '''Submarine nodes with no warning'''. So watch out.
**You may also opt to farm either nodes to complete Quests [[Quests#Bd8|Bd8]] and [[Quests#Bw5|Bw5]].
*Going to Node B route is '''not recommended''' as you will increase the amount of battles before reaching the Boss.
*[[Battleship Ta-Class|Battleship Ta-Class Flagship]] is the Flagship of node J before the 4th Final Kill
*'''[[Destroyer Princess]]''' becomes the Flagship at the 4th Final Kill.

====Compositions====
*{{Event/Route|A|Blue|C|Red|E|Red|G|Green|H|Green|J|Red}}: 1 AV + 1 CL + 4 DD or 1 AV + 1 CT + 1 CL + 3 DD '''(3 Battles Total)'''
**Guarantees node G, letting you avoid node F which has [[Heavy Cruiser Ne-Class|Heavy Cruiser Ne-Class Elite]]. This route also lets you go through only 2 battles before the Boss Node (J).
**Great fleet to use for consistent routing to Boss. However, your DDs may be heavily damaged during Day Battle.
*{{Event/Route|A|Blue|C|Red|E|Red|G|Green|H|Green|J|Red}} or {{Event/Route|A|Blue|C|Red|E|Red|F|Red|H|Green|J|Red}}: 1 AV + 2 CL + 3 DD '''(3~4 Battles Total)'''
**Sacrifices 100% routing to node G by introducing a chance to be sent to node F.
**Higher combat capability compared to the previous fleet composition due to the 2 CLs with double attack potential via Artillery Spotting.
**This is the recommended composition for completing Bq4.
**With 1 AV + 2 CL + CT + 2 DD, there's a chance that you could go either way. Source: [http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm26581839 Nicovideo]
*{{Event/Route|A|Blue|C|Red|E|Red|F|Red|H|Green|J|Red}}: 1 AV + 3 CL + 2 DD OR 2 AV + 3 CL + 1 DD '''(4 Battles Total)'''
**This option completely gives up the routing to node G and will go down to node F all the time which permanently increases battles to 4 total.
**Prioritizes Firepower by using more AV or CL.
*Recommended ships:
**'''CL''': [[Ooyodo Kai]], [[Duca degli Abruzzi]], or [[Giuseppe Garibaldi]] with 3 main guns + seaplane scout for maximum day firepower. [[Jintsuu Kai Ni]] with 2 main guns + seaplane has lower day firepower than Ooyodo but performs double attacks at night. [[Abukuma Kai Ni]] or [[Yuubari Kai Ni Toku]] for 2 CL fleets with midget submarine, 2 torpedoes for Night TCI.
**'''AV''': [[Mizuho Kai]] with midget submarine + 2 seaplane bombers. [[Commandant Teste]] with 4 seaplane bombers or 2 seaplane bombers + 2 mainguns. [[Nisshin A]] with 2 main guns + 1 seaplane bomber + midget submarine.
**'''DD''': [[Naganami Kai Ni]], Kagerou-class Kai Nis with 2 main guns + RADAR + anti-torpedo bulge. High firepower and higher than average survivability compared to other DDs. Other high combat capability DDs for damage output.
**'''OASW DD''': [[Jervis Kai]], [[Urakaze D Kai]], [[Asashio Kai Ni D]] (assuming high enough base ASW stat for single SONAR OASW).

{{Map/Footer}}