==Forum policies==
Before contributing to the {{SITENAME}} Forums, please keep in mind a few best practices for conduct:

'''Be nice and treat people with respect.'''
: People from all around the world read and edit this wiki and its forums. Like any other collaborative project, not everyone will agree all the time. Keep discussions civil and be open minded about differing opinions. We're all here because we love the same topic.

'''Ask for help.'''
: Notice something that doesn't seem right? Or do you have a question? Ask for help here on the forums! If you need help from FANDOM staff, please reach out on [[w:c:community|Community Central]] or via [[Special:Contact]].

'''Non-Kancolle related discussions.'''
: Any discussions about other games that is not Kancolle is frowned upon. Please make use of [[Board:Off Topic|Off Topic board]] if you want to discuss or include topics about any other games and keep on-topic discussions on-topic.

: "Kancolle related" games are still considered as off-topic. If you want to make comparison about Kancolle with Azur Lane for instance then you should discuss that in Off Topic board. If you want to include add more details about a character that isn't available in Kancolle yet but is available in other games, you should also discuss that in Off Topic board.

'''Necroposting.'''
: Whilst this rule isn't strictly enforced, please be aware that if you want to discuss something that is similar to what someone else has said sometime ago. You should ideally create a new thread. The term necroposting is derived from the idea of dead posting or posting in old/dead threads. Old/dead threads are typically threads that are at least two to three months old from when there was a last post. 

: The use of "bumping" old threads is also frowned upon and its relation is similar to necroposting. If you have a question and they are not being answered, please be patient as not everyone has time to respond to every query. You can redefine your query by either being more specific and/or providing screenshots, etc for contextual references. Redefining your queries or your threads isn't considered as "bumping" but please make use of the edit button. To edit your own posts, hover your mouse to your own post and you should see extra buttons appearing on bottom right, one of them will have an option for you to edit your own posts.

'''Have fun!'''
: The {{SITENAME}} community is happy to have you here. We look forward to seeing you around as we discuss this topic we all love.

==Forum FAQ==
'''How do I stay on top of discussions I'm interested in?'''
: With a FANDOM user account, you can follow specific conversations and then receive notification messages (either on-site or via email) when a discussion has more activity. Be sure to [[Special:UserSignup|sign up for a FANDOM account]] if you don't already have one.

'''What are Kudos?'''
: If you find a particular discussion or reply interesting, well thought out, or amusing you can show direct appreciation by giving it Kudos. They can be helpful in voting situations, too.

'''What are Topics?'''
: Topics allow you to link a forum discussion with a wiki article. It's another way to keep Forums organized and to help people find interesting discussions. For example, a Forum thread tagged with ''Lord Voldemort'' will appear at the bottom of the ''Lord Voldemort'' article.