Admiral Francis and Ooyodo read intel from other admirals on information about the map itself. From what it said, the Abyssal Princess hasn't been seen yet. They continue reading from Abyssal formations, to firepower present. 

"Hmm, this is gonna be a tough one. From massive air raids, to the presence of Na-class destroyers."

"Plus finding the Princess is another priority. It's suggested we send Nishimura Strike Force at the South to scout the Princess' location. Once we find her, we send Kurita fleet up north to destroy her..."

"Instead of Nishimura, what about subs?... *gives more intel to Ooyodo* Saves us the trouble for our supplies and buckets."

"I see why not. But we can only spare 6 as Hitomi has now went to E3."

"That'll be enough for me. Send them already, then come back hear to read more intel and await further info from them."




E4 Sorties

Glad the Admiral is sending most of us in an actual Event mission. Iku mused

Orel is tiresome and boredom dechi... Goya complained

It's all for the purposes of the supplies. I'm glad that he's more relaxed on bringing us Orel runs but I worry about the supplies he's using for the Operation.. Hachi added

Yuu then replied, "I'm sure he can adapt....he has done that alot..."

"Maruyu is lucky to get on reserve...it means being on reserve and having a vacation" Imuya said

Being reserve sucks for the other shipgirls...I wish the higher ups provided us for slots instead of admiral buying it with his pockets... *detects BB Abyssals*

Ok girls, let's em where they least expected...

Back at base

Who should we send among Kurita and others?

"incoming Transmission"

"Admiral, Admiral.... we found her....."

"Have a visual?"

Drone set too location, camera from subs on Zoom.... 

Nice job, Ooyodo, subs, great work. Return to base and rest. 

Yo-kai....

Ooyodo, gather everyone, we need to rearrange the composition just in case.




Assembly area

All the shipgirls are gathered for a briefing on the Princess's location. The video in the briefing shows that the new Abyssal Escort Water Princess has gathered her forces for an attack while in hiding....




One shipgirl after seeing the Princess was shocked and said....

I know, her....That's Gambler Bay....

Iowa, is this true?

It is, she's Gambler Bay...1945, Taffy 3. 

By Kami, the famous ships that face us down and caused us to retreat....

Even looking back, they were a respectible group who againts all us, made the strongest Naval battalion of our side retreat. 

The Abyss would tarnish their image and use her as a puppet to kill us...

Girls, calm down... we all need to do now is assemble Kurita Fleet and switch members for other ships.
[[Category:Blog posts]]