Using Subs for E3 Medium shortcut

What do you think Ooyodo? This bold plan admirals did to find the shortcut work?

I see why not? Other Admirals did it, Admiral Usagi has accepted it. 

Now it's a matter of which Sub to use...

You think Hitomi (Lvl 57) is ready for this? Only SSV I could think off. Iyo is done after Nishimura.

Look into the others just in case...




Docks...

Umm Admiral... do you think 1 sub will like me would be enough? Hitomi asked

Admiral answered, I have faith in you. If Iyo can take all the depth charges from the DDs and Imps, I'm sure you can get through this first phase of Ozawa's redemption.

Hitomi meekly added, but what if I took damage? Critical even, you may have wasted fuel and...

Admiral interupted, it's ok, I'll handle this, don't worry. Also, chin up, get more confidence, this is for Ozawa..

Hai... I'll do my best Admiral




E3 map

Move..move...

Hitomi sped as fast as she can avoiding every Abyssal fleet present until reaching node H

Hah...Hah.... 

It worked, Hitomi, good work..get back to base... 

Hehe....




Docks

Locker/Gear Room
[https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/kancolle/images/0/0b/Gifts_from_her_comrades.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20180219080852 ] Zuikaku was already prepping for her Ozawa sortie... 

Sara, Aquila and Graf passed by and decided to help her out for this sortie.

"Here, my F4U-1D bomber.." 

But, this is yours.. 

I've let the others use it, you need this more than I do 

You could say the same for mine 

Hopefully mine would give you a boost

Thanks... hehe, ironic using a US plane for my Ozawa sortie...also German and Italian

We gave some to your other Squadmates... Use them well.. Graf and Aquila said.

Good Luck Zuikaku, may lady luck be at your side. Sara said with guidance




Gathering.

So, this is it. Ozawa fleet, this is your time to shine




To be continued via editing......
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]