==The Week Before Christmas (Transmission)==
Authored by Ar-cen-ciel

''On a fine night at a certain naval base...''

'''Murasame:''' "Yes, yes. Merry Christmas, Admiral. Here, the cake and turkey looks just right."

'''Ciel-kun:''' "Hmm, now that's how the Christmas is celebrated. But still... it a bit early for the celebration, don't you think?"

'''Murasame:''' "Our triumphant success of the transport mission are certainly worth the early celebration. Besides, you're the one who ordered all this furniture to be arranged, right?"

'''Ciel-kun:''' "Well, considering that we've successfully accomplished most of our missions, yeah. That too, we've already gotten quite a few girls in Santa outfits now, so might as well celebrate it throughout this month."

'''Murasame:''' "Ufufu♪ That's the spirit. Also, this music, I don't dislike it."

'''Ciel-kun:''' "Me neither. Well, I had never celebrated a Christmas like this until now."

'''Murasame:''' "Eh? You (Admiral) had never celebrated Christmas before?"

'''Ciel-kun:''' "Well, I didn't have anyone to celebrate the Christmas season until now."

'''Murasame:''' "I see... If it's okay with you, Murasame is willing to hear you out. Would you like to sortie? Or a 
consultation? Or... me?"

'''Ciel-kun:''' "Well, we've got a special mission to discuss here."

'''Murasame:''' "Always a third option before having "me", as always. Ufufu♪"

'''Ciel-kun:''' "That's not really the time to tease, now is it? Anyway, we'll be visiting another Admiral next week."

'''Murasame:''' "Eh? Another admiral? Is that a friend of yours?"

'''Ciel-kun:''' "Kind of, well, someone I know from my information network anyway. Figured that it might worth visiting once in a while."

'''Murasame:''' "From his blogs, it looks like he's quite popular with his shipgirls, isn't it?"

'''Ciel-kun:''' "Well, he did give quite a leeway to them after all."

'''Murasame:''' "But Admiral is still the only one for me. When I'm with Admiral, I feel that I can do anything..."

'''Ciel-kun:''' "That feeling is mutual. You're always the one in my heart."

'''Murasame:''' "Even though you did gave another to Shigure-nee... but thanks. Admiral is such a sweet talker, Teehee."

'''Ciel-kun:''' "Are you feeling uneasy on that by any chance?"

'''Murasame:''' "Well, I do know that I can't have you forever, and I do admit that there's a part of me who wanted you just for myself..."

'''Ciel-kun:''' "I know that. And you're not obliged to forgive me for that."

'''Murasame:''' "But, knowing that you're giving your one ring and everything for me... even though I'm just an ordinary destroyer, I'm really glad to be part your fleet."

'''Ciel-kun:''' "I'm really glad to have you too. Now and then, you have always been by my side."

'''Murasame:''' "So you'll gave her one too? If that will put your regrets to rest, then I'm okay with it."

'''Ciel-kun:''' "You have my thanks. ...I, uh..."

'''Murasame:''' "My, my, so you want to have me now? Ufufu♪"

And thus the long night begins...
==The Week Before Christmas (Reception)==
Authored by Tadano Hitoshi

''On a fine day in (yet another) certain naval base.''

'''Ooyodo:''' "Good morning, Admiral. You have a telegram." 

'''Admiral:''' "Uh huh, who is it from?" 

'''Ooyodo:''' "Apparently someone from another naval base wants to come for a visit." 

'''Admiral:''' "A visitor? Is it another Admiral?" 

'''Ooyodo:''' "Apparently so. This Admiral addresses themselves as ''Ciel''..." 

'''Admiral:''' "''Ciel''? ''(What's with that name? Do they have a demon butler or something? Jokes aside...)'' Let's see... eh. Aren't they part of the staff from the intelligence headquarters?" 

'''Ooyodo:''' "I don't know, you don't seem to have much contact outside the naval base. I mean, sometimes you talk to a lot of the other Admirals, but I don't see you ever establishing connections at all." 

'''Admiral:''' "Just because you don't see me do it doesn't mean I never did. But still, I don't really know much about the intelligence staff, most of my acquaintances are in other bases but they don't officially work with the intelligence." 

'''Ooyodo:''' "So what are your plans regarding this telegram? Are we going to receive them? ... Oh, it seems Admiral Ciel isn't alone." 

'''Admiral:''' "Any details on their visiting party?" 

'''Ooyodo:''' "Let's see... Uh, Admiral... this Admiral Ciel is bringing their Teruzuki here. Are you fine with that...?" 

'''Admiral ''(looking a bit distraught, but returns to normal shortly after)'':''' "... Yeah. At least, Akizuki is here. But that still stirs up some uncomfortable memories... Never mind. I can handle that."

'''Ooyodo:''' "Admiral Ciel here has said that they can opt Teruzuki out if you so wish in their telegram, if that helps." 

'''Admiral:''' "No. Let them take her here. I should let Akizuki meet with her sister, after all." 

'''Ooyodo:''' "So I take it that we're going to give them a yes to their request for a visit, aren't we?" 

'''Admiral:''' "Yes. Please proceed with the formalities." 

'''Ooyodo:''' "Roger that. By the way, what are you doing for today?" 

'''Admiral:''' "The usual. I'm going to check up on some things. ... Ooyodo, this feels awkward for me, but apparently the girls are calling me to take a look at their dorms." 

'''Ooyodo:''' "Ah... Do you need my help then?" 

'''Admiral:''' "Please do... and be my rear guard. I'll wait till you're done with the reply to the telegram." 

'''Ooyodo:''' "All right." ''(Rear guard? ... Well, yeah. Admiral going there is like letting a lamb loose into a wolves' den.)''

==Akatsuki Arrival==
Authored by Ar-cen-ciel
''On the arrival day itself''

'''Ciel-kun:''' "So this is the Hashirajima Anchorage?"

'''Murasame:''' "Seems like his base is still quite a distance away. Our ability to travel half a world aside, are you really okay with walking through this?"

'''Ciel-kun:''' "Well, at the very least, I'm not alone in walking in the dawn."

'''Murasame:''' "But still, are you relay sure not to bring Shigure-nee and the newlyweds along?"

'''Ciel-kun:''' "Truth be told, I wish I could introduce you all as my wives, but a jelly factory doesn't make a very good place for a honeymoon."

'''Murasame:''' "Well, the hard truth can't be concealed from them for long. They're grown into a quite formidable force in their own right."

'''Ciel-kun:''' "Looks like we'll have to entertain them until he decided his chosen one... hard choice when he doesn't has a destined one, Like who you are to me."

'''Murasame:''' If you really meant that, how about eating this together?" (handing out a KitKat chocolate bar)

''The two of them walked through the road of the dawn. Upon arrival at the Admiral's base...''

'''Agano:''' "Kirari~n! Agano in Santa outfit! How is it?"

'''Naka:''' "Yes, It looks good on you. Kya-ha☆"

''Meanwhile, Admiral Ciel and Murasame are watching them from afar''

'''Murasame:''' "That's quite a lively fleet they have there..."

'''Ciel-kun:''' "Seems like they're been making a good use of the freedom granted to them."

'''Naka:''' "Allright, Agano. Let's begin distributing Christmas presents to all the girls, starting now."

'''Agano:''' "Ehhhhh? But Agano thought she is just cosplaying for tonight..."

'''Ciel-kun:''' "Well, that's a problem. Surely you can't have poor Naka-chan picking up your slack?"

'''Agano:''' "Ah, Teitoku-san... eh? Admiral looks a bit different today..."

'''Ciel-kun:''' "Mistaking me for your Meister, Fraulein?"

'''Agano:''' "Ah! You're not the Admiral... Why are you wearing Admiral's hat?"

'''Murasame:''' "Well, he is an Admiral... visiting from a different naval base from here, that is."

'''Naka:''' "Ah, Murasame-chan. I have a Christmas present for you, here."

''Murasame receives a Koi no 2-4-11 album CD''

'''Murasame:''' "Ufufu♪ Thanks."

'''Naka:''' "Would this visitor Admiral like a Christmas present from me too?"

'''Ciel-kun:''' "Surely you do realize that I'm not inclined to have my base flooded with your stockpiled album CDs?"

'''Naka:''' (pouting) "Geez, you're a dame-teitoku. Oh, but Shigure-san might have a nice present for you..."

'''Ciel-kun:''' (still remembering [http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/NoodleIncident Shigure's ''present'' from  yesterday]) "...no, it's all right. You don't have to go out of your way to prepare a present for me. So can I meet with the Admiral or his secretary?"

'''Graf Zeppelin:''' "I thought our newly assigned aircraft fairies had spotted an uncanny presence, but to think we would have a visitor this early the daybreak..."

'''Ciel-kun:''' "Well, well, if it's none other than the Edel Graffin herself."

'''Graf Zeppelin:''' "Guten Morgen. So, you must be the visitor from Saiki Bay mentioned by our Admiral."

'''Ciel-kun:''' "Indeed. And let me introduce my secretary, Murasame."

'''Murasame:''' "Hi-high, I'm the Shiratsuyu-class destroyer "Murasame". I'll be looking forward to meet all of you in this fleet."

'''Ciel-kun:''' "(signing a thumbs up to Murasame) She has been a part of my fleet since the founding. And I presume that you're his secretary ship right now?"

'''Graf Zeppelin:''' "...no, today's honor as the secretary goes to Kashima, and she's preparing for the celebration right now. As for the Admiral, he's not exactly a morning bird."

'''Ciel-kun:''' "Well I would be, It would be embarrassing if he slept through our gun salute."

'''Graf Zeppelin:''' "Should I wake him right now?"

'''Ciel-kun:''' "...no, me and my fleet are a patient one. We still have plenty of time before the salute, so let him have his sweet dreams for now."

==The Awakening==
Authored by Tadano Hitoshi

'''Hitoshi:''' ''(... Guh... It's morning. ... It's so cold, I don't feel like waking up...)''

''Just when Hitoshi decides to roll over to his side and go back to sleep...''

'''Kashima:''' "Admiral''-san''~! Wake up, it's almost 9am! You have a visitor today! ... Or rather, they're already here."

''Upon hearing this, Hitoshi quickly springs from bed, but due to the coldness and his sudden movement, a surge of pain soon attacks his limbs.''

'''Hitoshi:''' "OW OW OW OW! Argh! Muscle cramps! My legs!!"

'''Kashima:''' "Admiral''-san''!?"

''Scurrying over to Hitoshi's side, she quickly relieves him of the pain by massaging his cramped areas.''

'''Kashima:''' "Geez! Admiral''-san'', work is important but so is rest! You've been doing so much work till late these few nights, that's not doing your health any good, you know. Besides, during this season it's not really heard of people to be working extra hard! Take a break some time, oka-- Wah!?"

''Kashima's lecturing of Hitoshi got interrupted by a sudden crash - the rest of his shipgirls opening the door.''

'''Maya:''' "Oi! Admiral! Are ya gonna sleep this morning in!? There's some visitors out there!"

'''Atago:''' "Hush, Maya''-chan'', we should wake him gently~-- ah." ''(Hmph, this training cruiser again. Just because you're new and good at paperworks doesn't mean you could be that close to him...)''

'''Mutsu:''' "Oh my~ Kashima''-chan'', whatever could you be doing with the Admiral right there~" ''(Tch.)''

'''Kaga:''' "You people are making so much noise. The Admiral is getting disturbed."

'''Akagi:''' "Good morning, Admiral. You were late for breakfast, so I was wondering if I could have some of you-- I mean, if I should have brought your breakfast here."

'''Hitoshi:''' "That's enough, Kashima, I feel somewhat better now... Before you start going into your wild delusions, ladies, I had a leg cramp when I woke up so Kashima here was just helping me out. Also as I've been informed we're going to receive a visitor today so please go into standby for receiving them as our guests today while I prepare myself."

'''Atago:''' ''(And I just had a really long idea on waking him up~~!!)''

'''Mutsu:''' ''(Trust the Admiral to lay out all the pre-emptive strikes before we can act...)''

'''Akagi:''' ''(Too bad, I could've at least brought him to our table for breakfast.)''

'''Kaga:''' ''(As expected, this is truly disappointing...)''

'''Admiral:''' "Well, what are you ladies waiting for? I'm about to change. ... Do you intend to watch me do that?"

''All of the shipgirls freeze.''

'''Maya:''' ''(I'd be screwed if he sees right through me for this, but I guess I can use the others fo-- WHOA! They're also thinking of the same thing!?)''

''On their faces are the various expressions of want.''

''Moments later, the shipgirls exit Hitoshi's room with some sort of nosebleeds.''

'''Mutsu:''' ''(I know what I'll be having for tonight...)''

'''Atago:''' ''(Aaaaaahhh!! I just can't have enough since the first day we got here! I was just lucky I got to see him greeting me in his swimwear, but just now was exquisite~!!)''

'''Kaga:''' ''(ShirtlessShirtlessShirtlessShirtlessShirtlessShirtlessShirtlessShirtlessShirtlessShirtlessShirtlessShirtlessShirtlessShirtless)''

'''Akagi:''' ''(... I wonder if Mamiya-san can have dantaimori on the menu. But Admiral sure will object to it I guess.)''

'''Maya:''' ''(Shit, that was an eyeful. ... God damn it Maya-sama now's not the time to go to the toilet for that.)''

'''Kashima:''' ''(... Uwaaahh!! That was embarrassing! I was too frozen with shock to react at all! And these ladies... Is this base normally like that!?)''

''And their morning starts with quite a heated warm-up session.''

==Sacred Hospitality==

(Meanwhile, in the honorary guest room, the visiting Admiral is having a breakfast with Graf Zeppelin and Ooyodo)

'''Graf Zeppelin:''' "How does the coffee suit your taste, Admiral Ar-ce..."

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "Just Ciel would be fine. If you prefer to be formal, I'd like to be addressed as Admiral Ciel. Also, your coffee isn't half bad. It lives up to your reputation."

'''Murasame:''' "You know, our Admiral have a peculiar taste for food and fleet management. He's not the one to give his praises so easily, you know."

'''Graf Zeppelin:''' "I see. Thank you for your compliment. Admiral Ciel, Secretary Murasame."

'''Murasame:''' "My, my, It would've been fun to have our dear Graffin trying move out of her formality."

'''Ooyodo:''' "But are you okay with such a simple meal for your breakfast? We can order a full-course meal for you right now if you want."

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "There's no need for that right now. During the festive days like this, I would usually have my fleet have their breakfast twice. I have prepared an ample amount of snacks for their journey as well, so we can have the grand breakfast when all of us were up."

'''Graf Zeppelin:''' I see... That's rather impressive, considering that you are commanding such a large fleet...

'''Admiral Ciel:''' (sarcasticly) "Not really. All that naval base extension has been running my wallet dry. That aside, to Ooyodo, may I request you a favor?"

'''Ooyodo:''' "What is it?"

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "I know that I have mentioned it earlier to Graf Zeppelin, but I was told to forward the request to you, I'd like to make a carrier aerobatics show close to your naval base."

'''Ooyodo:''' "We may only permit fighter planes within the perimeters of our naval base at our Admiral's discretion. In order to ensure the safety of this anchorage, visiting fleet girls from another port are not permitted to launch their bombers within 30 kilometers of an allied naval base without express permission from the High Command."

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "Hmm... I had expected this kind of response, but still, that's quite a measure they had set up there. Speaking of which, I didn't saw the First Carrier Division doing their air patrol, did they?"

'''Ooyodo:''' "Well knowing them, they're most likely attending to the Admiral right about now..."

'''Admiral Ciel:''' (taking a sip of the coffee) "I see. Hardly a wonder he's having a hard time choosing his partner..."

'''???:''' (from the window) "Who's having a hard time choosing now?"

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "Eh?"

(Yahagi jumps in from the window)

'''Admiral Ciel:''' (after taking a cup of coffee) "Well, if it isn't Yahagi? Is Yamato doing fine?"

'''Yahagi:''' "Of course. She is currently preparing a full-course meal for tonight's Christmas..."

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "Is that so? I'm looking forward to the famed Yamato Hotel's main dish..."

'''Yahagi:''' "Thank you for the... wait, she's not a hotel maid! And you still haven't answered my question."

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "I thought that was supposed to be a monologue. Why did you ask?"

'''Yahagi:''' "You sure know how to play dumb, didn't you? Because... because... I have heard it from Naka-chan. You already had a spouse, right?"

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "Hmm, I thought I already mentioned my wife in the telegram. What about it?"

'''Yahagi:''' "Y'see, we're trying to make him give his act up and get down to some nice stuff with us but he's not letting it up."

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "By the "nice stuff", did you meant marrying you all?"

'''Yahagi:''' "Well, I won't be denying that, but if he's willing to do some night battles with us..."

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "Well, that's exactly how he's having a hard time."

'''Yahagi:''' "Anyway, how did you (Admiral) manage to get that marriage ring?"

'''???:''' (glomping Murasame from behind out of nowhere) "That's right. You shouldn't hide such a nice secret from us."

'''Murasame:''' "My, my, that's such an aggressive interrogation, isn't it?"

'''Sendai:''' "But of course. We're all struggling to have the Admiral for ourselves, yet you were awarded with a hand-in-marriage from yours. Tell me, where and when did you get the ring? And how many times did you have the night battle with him?"

'''Murasame:''' "N-night battle? What do you mean by that?"

'''Yahagi:''' "What are you talking about? Of course it's that kind of..."

'''Ooyodo:''' "Sendai, Yahagi. That is enough from your interrogation attempts. Our visitor here have come in peace, you know." (correcting her glasses)

'''Sendai:''' "Allright, allright. It's just a little skinship for such a cute secretary wife to visit us. She's such a nice tease, it's unfair for our honored quest to flaunt her just like that."

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "You can put your hands away now. Just so you know, that place is off limits."

'''Sendai:''' (taking off her hands from Murasame's) "You sure know you stuff, huh? So, how did it go with your first lady?"

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "Any answer I have, the sun might blush from embarrassment. Let's just say that I have known her for some time..."

'''Murasame:''' (blushing from embarrassment) "Oh, such a sly Admiral..."

'''Yahagi:''' "Ah, she is blushing... Ooyodo, do you have a camera with you?"

'''Ooyodo:''' "Well, I didn't have one."

'''Graf Zeppelin:''' "...but you do have that terminal device, right?"

'''Yahagi:''' "Terminal device? Oh, you meant the tablet?"

'''Ooyodo:''' (shocked) "...! T-that one is off limits!"

'''Sendai:''' "Heh? Could it be that you have Admiral's embarrassing pics by any chance?"

'''Ooyodo:''' "What are you thinking? I-it's not what you think. Really..."

'''Sendai:''' "The more you try to hide it, the more I would want to know. Now, lemme take a look..."

(Ooyodo runs away while hugging her tablet, while Sendai gave chase.)

'''Sendai:''' "Ah! She ran away! Waittt!"

'''Graf Zeppelin:''' (That's quite a drama we have here...)

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "Well, well, it seems like we have shown our embarrassing side right here. I apologize for the inconvenience."

'''Graf Zeppelin:''' "No, I don't mind. But still, it's pretty amazing for you to keep your cool like this..."

'''Yahagi:''' "I would admit that Sendai-senpai went a bit ahead of herself, but still, can you explain how did you get the ring? And what do you meant by hard choice?"

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "Let's just say for simplicity's sake that it's a secret for now."

'''Yahagi:''' "Enough with skirting through my questions."

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "Well I kept it a secret from you for a good reason. I doubt that your Admiral could afford to get enough rings to marry you all."

'''Yahagi:''' "What does that have to do with the choice?"

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "You know, back in my world, people can choose only one person as their spouse. Of course, the couples are expected to stay together forever, but... if that happened to your Admiral, the bond that you and 

your fleet had shared with your Admiral will weigh down greatly upon you all."

'''Yahagi:''' "...you mean our Admiral wishes to retain his existing relationship for our sake?"

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "Exactly. The moment when you know your love will go forever unrequited will be your saddest.  I have personally issued a commandment during the marriage ceremony to suppress these unrequited feelings from my fleet, but your Admiral is far too kind to do that."

'''Graf Zeppelin:''' "...Admiral Ciel, it seems like Kashima have already awaken the Admiral."

'''Admiral Ciel:''' (reaching out for his terminal) "...hmm it's that time already? Well, I had scheduled the salute for another hour just in case, but my fleet are eager to meet you all as well. They'll arrive at any time now."

'''Graf Zeppelin:''' "Roger that, I'll be informing our Admiral."

'''Admiral Ciel:''' (to Yahagi) "Well, there's my answer for that. Whoever he chose in the end, please stay loyal to him. Because I'm certain that he cares about you too."

==Tsunderella CV==
''There are currently two parties in negotiation. One at land, one at sea, connected via wireless telegram.<br>
And the radio frequency and channel they are using are the reserved for military usage, which are usually used for strategic operations against the Abyssals.<br>
But this time, the conversation that are held there is a serious business in a different way...''

'''Katsuragi:''' "What? I can't send Egusa and Murata's squadron for the aerobatics you say?"

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "Sadly, yes. According to Ooyodo, the High Command had explicitly set the 30km perimeter as a no-fly zone for any carriers outside of their naval base."

'''Katsuragi:''' "Why didn't you tell about this until now, Idiot! I have trained so hard just for this day..."

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "To be fair though, I have told you that it is quite likely that only the Iwamato Squadron and the Saiuns would have any role in opening aerobatics..."

'''Katsuragi:''' "Our bombers were completely unarmed for the aerobatics. I swear. Can't we get a special permission or something?"

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "Unfortunately, the High Command's hot-line is closed off for today. Even if we could, they would most likely ignore such requests... so requesting such a permission is next to impossible. Even the gun salute has to be performed from quite some distance away."

'''Katsuragi:''' "Uuu... Even though I thought I could show off to Zuikaku-senpai today..."

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "You can still perform the aerobatics with those planes, right? You'll have plenty of opportunities to show off the best aircraft I have assigned to you later."

'''Katsuragi:''' "Really? It's a promise. It's absolutely a promise, okay?"

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "It's for after the remodel, actually. But I suppose I'll assign one for you soon enough so you'll have something to..."

'''Katsuragi:''' "Ahhh! You're making the fool out of me!"

''Admiral Ciel hangs up the telegram''

'''Graf Zeppelin:''' "Seems like you have a rather handful of a carrier girl on duty out there."

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "Well, she's nicknamed the "Tsundere Aircraft Carrier" in my base for a reason..."

'''Graf Zeppelin:''' "Frankly said, I know her feel as I was historically incomplete as an aircraft carrier myself. When she lacked an air wing to call her own back then, it's pretty much natural for her to be so excited over the aerobatic show."

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "She's not just some new girl in my base, I'll have you know. Every now and then she'll ask me to assign her out of her usual CAP routines, and more often than not she would demand to be fitted with the best aircraft along the way, with underwhelming results. I have done all I could to satisfy her demand, but it seems like Zuikaku had been influencing her... in a way that is not necessarily for the better."

'''Graf Zeppelin:''' "Speaking of which, she already experienced enough, right? What's keeping you from remodeling her anyway?"

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "Unfortunately, I didn't have the necessary elements to recruit the 601 Air Group for her just yet. Besides, her sister has yet to arrive in my base, and the search for both her sister and her skilled pilots would take a bit of time."

''noticed the sound of the door being pushed open''

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "Well, well, seems like your Admiral have arrived in time."

==Sacred Hospitality (Interlude)==
Authored by Tadano Hitoshi

''Walking briskly to the location his guest is waiting, Hitoshi encounters Samidare along the way. Wondering what is she doing in the base around this hour, he then remembers that he had ordered the expedition fleets to suspend their sorties for the holidays.''

''Samidare is carrying a cake, she's coming from Mamiya's location. But Samidare being Samidare...''

'''Samidare:''' "Ah, Admiral! Good morning!"

'''Admiral Hitoshi:''' "Good morning, Samidare. How are you today?"

'''Samidare:''' "Great! Ah, there's this cake that I need to carry to the mess hall. I got it from Mamiya! I can't wait to tast--whoa!"

''Hitoshi flinches for a bit.''

'''Admiral Hitoshi:''' "Whoa, be careful there."

'''Samidare:''' "Uff... yeah! Yes! I'm not going to trip! Especially not with this... wha, whoa! WAH!"

'''Admiral Hitoshi:''' "Good grief, not this punchline again - I'm not letting it!"

''Hitoshi attempts to stop Samidare from tripping and spilling the cake. He manages to... catch the cake, but not without leaving Samidare to trip and some icing falling on the floor.''

'''Samidare:''' "Oof! Ouch!"

'''Admiral Hitoshi:''' "Samidare! Are you all right!? I'm sorry I wasn't able to break your fall."

'''Samidare:''' "Y-yes... Admiral. Ouch... um, what about the cake...?"

'''Admiral Hitoshi:''' "Mostly safe. But yeah... some of it got on my uniform. I'll have to do some explaining to the guests... I'll carry the cake since we're heading to similar directions anyway.

''Samidare slowly gets up. As they walk towards their destination...''

'''Samidare:''' "Uuu... I'm sorry, Admiral. Such an important occasion and I'm still tripping myself... I really don't like this."

'''Admiral Hitoshi:''' "Well, we just have to learn and deal with it somehow. ... It's been just a few months and our naval base has turned to be quite lively, eh. We're even getting a visitor today."

'''Samidare:''' "Yes! It was all because Admiral worked really hard from the first day."

'''Admiral Hitoshi:''' "Well, without all of you we still can't amount to anything. We're a big team after all. After looking at our Summer operation logs I really did a lot of mistakes, but thankfully we bucked up in time for Fall."

'''Samidare:''' "Even then, thanks to the amount of effort we put in... the actual operation itself seemed a little bit too easy for us, but we did spend a hefty amount of time circling the areas... Thanks to that however, we got a lot of new friends!"

'''Admiral Hitoshi:''' "I guess it's time I start planning on building new dormitory space... Well, we're almost there, so we'll put it there and greet our guests then."

'''Samidare:''' "Yes! Admiral, thank you very much! ... What about your uniform, though...?"

'''Admiral Hitoshi:''' "Can't be helped, I'll just say it was an accident... All right, we're here. Samidare, be prepared to greet our guests."

'''Samidare:''' "Yes! I'll do my best as well, Admiral!"

''The two part ways from there, and Hitoshi heads towards the guest room - while Samidare continues her work at the mess hall.''

''The two enters the door of the guest room.''

'''Admiral Hitoshi:''' "Ehem. Please excuse me for the lateness. Admiral Tadano Hitoshi of Hashirajima Anchorage, welcoming your visit to this naval base."

==Sacred Hospitality (II)==
''The entire guest room looks slightly dumbstruck seeing Admiral Hitoshi bringing a cake''

'''Murasame:''' "My, my, the Admiral here sure have a pretty nice cake to offer." 

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "So you're the Admiral of this base." "Nice to meet you, I'm Admiral Ciel from Saiki Bay Anchorage." ''(offers a handshake)''

'''Admiral Hitoshi:''' (receives the handshake) "Salutations. To think that a staff from the intelligence headquarters would pay this naval base a visit... I'm honored."

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "And this is my secretary ship, Murasame. Come on, introduce yourself" 

'''Murasame:''' ''(slightly fidgety)'' "Hi-high, I'm the Shiratsuyu-class destroyer "Murasame". Nice to meet you all in this fleet."' 

'''Admiral Hitoshi:''' "Good day to you too." ''(Notices the ring on her finger)'' ''(So she is his partner, huh. ... I guess I'm not mistaken if some already caught wind of this.)''

'''Yahagi:''' "Admiral, what is that cake for? I thought the cake was reserved for this afternoon's party..." 

'''Admiral Hitoshi:''' "Samidare brought it here. It's the cake from Mamiya Cafe I have ordered for this occasion, I brought it in her stead when she nearly dropped it." 

'''Samidare:''' "Sorry..." 

'''Graf Zeppelin:''' "I see. Still, having a stained cloth gives a rather bad impression to our visiting Admiral here." ''(hands over a scarf)'' "Yahagi, can you clean him up?" 

'''Yahagi:'''(complying to Graf's instructions rather eagerly, trying to resist making a smirk on her face) "Yes, ma'am! Here, Admiral..."

'''Admiral Hitoshi:''' "Never mind, my hands are free right now. I will take care of these stains myself." ''(returns Yahagi a 'We have a visitor here and if you think you're finding a stealthy chance here, I'll have Noshiro right after your tail' look.)''

''Yahagi responds with a slight flinch.''

'''Graf Zeppelin:''' "By the way... Secretary Murasame... I can see a faint blush from you, are you all right?"

'''Murasame:''' "It's because both the Admiral and Sendai-san are such a tease... geez..."

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "Well, well, it's partly because we're greeted by quite a company." (looking at Yahagi)

'''Yahagi:''' "T-t-tthat's just, well, I've heard from Naka-chan that we have a married Admiral visiting us, so Sendai-senpai and I thought about asking a few advices..."

'''Graf Zeppelin:''' "That, and Sendai had already chased Ooyodo out. Seems like she's awfully protective of her tablet for some reason."

'''Admiral Hitoshi:''' "Is that so? ... Graf, I'll leave it to you to help Ooyodo get back here later."

'''Graf Zeppelin:''' "Understood, Admiral! Sir!" (moves out of the guest room)

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "I'm sorry to ask you out so early in the dawn for you to, well, end up with stains on your outfit."

'''Admiral Hitoshi:''' "It was just a minor accident after all, pay it no mind. That being said, where are the rest of your fleet?"

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "They should arrive by any moment now, and I was just about to award you with the 17-gun salute I have prepared for this occasion."

'''Admiral Hitoshi:''' "Oh? Well, I didn't feel I did anything big back then. But I thank you for the honor." 

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "You are a very humble one indeed, but of course, that may be partly because you haven't fully understood the extent of your achievement."

'''Samidare:''' "Um...did our Admiral here achieved something extraordinary here?"

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "Well, it'll be a long story, and we'll miss out the salute if I explain it now. To put it simply though, I have intended to congratulate his swift clearing of the Vanilla Gulf."

'''Admiral Hitoshi:''' "It's nothing, really. My intent was just to not repeat the failure we had in Summer, being my first operation and all. Summer brought its lesson down on me very, very hard, and I'm trying to make up for it."

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "A humble goal leads to extraordinary achievement. Even though you were under the protection of the Marshal Admiral's fleet which fends off much of the enemy fleet, there aren't very many Admirals who were able to subdue the Vanilla Gulf as quickly as you did... anyway, I'm sorry to ask you of this in the middle of the snowy weather, but may I ask you to spend a little time outside for the best view of our performance?"

'''Admiral Hitoshi:''' "Sure... let's see. I guess now would be a good time to [https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CWW-rciUkAAjrUq.jpg put this coat on], it was Choukai's idea for a design. Morale boost for the naval base, she says..."

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "Hmm, Then I'll leave it to Yahagi to lead the way... but how does that leave the cake then? Leave it unguarded and it'll end up in Akagi's stomach in no time, at least that's what happened in my base yesterday."

'''Yahagi:''' "Roger. Then I'll be leading the way."

'''Admiral Hitoshi:''' "Akagi, huh... Well, make that four in my case. The Nagumo Kido Butai's appetite is something to behold despite the serious air they can put during operations... but my destroyers can take care of that, I have confidence. [[World 1: 鎮守府海域/World 1-6|They've done]] [http://i.imgur.com/FLkUhJt.jpg drills] [http://i.imgur.com/paSe41c.jpg against carriers] of the Nagumo Kido Butai's caliber before." ''(winks his right eye)''

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "Oh? Their ability to fight off aircraft carriers are quite reassuring. Though in my case, several destroyers had managed to scarf down a good chunk themselves due to my prolonged absence."

'''Admiral Hitoshi:''' "Then I'll assign Jintsuu along. That should deter them well enough to not having any funny ideas."

''Reaching into his pocket and taking out an ear-worn communications device, Admiral Hitoshi calls Jintsuu for the task.''

'''Admiral Ciel:''' ''(Hmm, I've been meeting him in person for a few minutes, but he have given quite an impression. I suppose that explains a lot on how Sendai and many of his shipgirls have fallen for him.) ''

==Salutations (Intermission)==
''en route to the docking port''

'''Samidare:''' "By the way, why would our visiting Admiral offer a 17-gun salute of all things for the celebration?"

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "Good question. It's a bit of a Western ceremonial process I had researched. You see, the 21-gun salute are reserved for the head of state there. The rank equivalent of our Marshal Admiral there gets 2 shots deducted for 19-gunshots. And as my acknowledgement of your Admiral as a full-fledged Admiral of the fleet, he shall be awarded with the 17-gun salute."

'''Admiral Hitoshi:''' "That's rather elaborate way to celebrate the occasion. But still, wouldn't your shipgirls be out cold staying for hours like that?"

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "They has much greater tolerance to wider range of temperatures when the shipgirls have equipped their armaments, partly because the armaments were designed for long-distance sea travels. Furthermore, when I'm holding the hand of my secretary ship, her warmth would keep my body warm enough to walk through the winter."

'''Murasame:''' "It's because the Admiral would be end up with runny nose within minutes if I didn't. Admiral is such a helpless person without me around. Ufufu♪"

'''Yahagi:''' "Hmm... I see. Which reminds me, I've heard of a method of keeping yourselves warm in the cold by hugging a partner naked beneath a blanket or something..."

'''Murasame:''' "My, my. Yahagi! That's quite a bold thing you're saying right there~"

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "But Yahagi, I wouldn't recommend you to try hugging your Admiral with your equipments though, since a prolonged skinship, especially from a shipgirl as passionate as you, is likened to leaving your Admiral hanging in the engine room, and the result is not at all good."

'''Yahagi:''' "Well, you can say that even in the cold, our shipgirls' engines are always on fire--"
 
'''Admiral Hitoshi:''' "I believe we've gone through this kind of banter before, Yahagi-san... Should I summon Noshiro right here, right now?"

'''Yahagi:''' "Ack... I said too much."

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "Save the punishment for tomorrow, will ya? And you too, Yahagi. When even my secretary were embarassed by your overly bold advances, it's a telltale that you aren't going to trigger any flag with your Admiral at this rate."

==Salutations (Prelude)==
''Upon arrival at the docking port...''

'''Admiral Hitoshi:''' "Shoukaku, Zuikaku. Today we are going to witness an aerobatics performance from a guest. Introducing Admiral Ciel over here, he will be offering a display of the performance as our visitor."

'''Shoukaku:''' "We have guests? Oh my."

'''Zuikaku:''' "Aerobatics performance? What kind of planes will be up there in the air?"

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "It'll be 3 Saiuns and 6 Zeros from Iwamoto Squadron."

'''Zuikaku:''' "Oh my. Seems like our visiting Admiral's ace pilots are still piloting turkeys. I feel kinda sorry for the other "me" in your command... geheheh."

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "Well, they are very skilled "turkey in crane wings", mind you. The Type-0 fighter planes thare are afforded to them are of the ace-custom kind, and they are very skilled fairies reincarnated from Iwamato's piloting experience. In a one-to-one fight, they won't be losing even to the Reppuu Kai pilots."

'''Shoukaku:''' "Oh? Iwamoto Squadron... by the way, who would be performing the aerobatics?"

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "It would be performed by Zuikaku's kouhai, Katsuragi... that being said, Zuikaku, are you still with us?"

'''Zuikaku:''' "So it's Iwamoto-san... that reminds me of the old days... but to think his experience was of that extent... If only I could have them..."

'''Admiral Hitoshi:''' "Just so you know, Zuikaku, those are ace squadrons that will take us quite some time to earn. Remember you and Shoukaku are still within training."

'''Zuikaku:''' "Ack... wait, isn't it because you--" 

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "He wasn't kidding about "it takes a while" part. Anyhow, it takes months of time to master the experience needed to be worthy of the plane. You'll have plenty of time to contemplate what to do with such power in your hands by then."

'''Zuikaku:''' "What do you mean by that?"

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "That you'll have to discover that for yourself. With such a capable Admiral as your command, I'm sure that even she would acknowledge your strength someday. But first, you should witness how your kouhai have grown in this dance."

''The Admirals and his escorts goes further to have a viewing seat at the docking port''

'''Zuikaku:''' "What's with him... leaving such a cryptic message like that? Maybe I should force him to spill everything he knows from the Intelligence Division..."

'''Shoukaku:''' "Zuikaku... You aren't planning to trouble our visiting Admiral here, are you?" (gives Zuikaku a False Smile)

'''Zuikaku:''' "Ah, no I didn't meant it like that... Anyway, we can't fall behind the 1st CarDiv just like that, so let's do our best together, alright, Shoukaku-nee?"

(after explaining the aerobatics performance to the air fleet)

'''Aoba:''' Well, hello there. It's not very often that we have an outside Admiral visiting us, so I'd like to have an interview with you."

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "Ah, Aoba, You have arrived in just the right time. Can I get you to record the gun salute for us?"

'''Aoba:''' "Ah, this is what is called the "camcoder", right? I always wanted one and have in fact trained a bit in the store... You must've been pretty rich to purchase one yourself"

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "Well, it's something I had confiscat... uh, reclaimed from Aoba in my base. Because of what she had attempted to sneakily capture back then."

'''Yahagi:''' "...lemme guess, the night when you have the night battle with your secretary?"

'''Murasame:''' "...yes, and that was quite a moment killer... And that was our first night too..."

'''Yahagi:''' "Ah, she totally went deredere mode... Aoba, may I borrow your camera for a minute?"

'''Aoba:''' "Sure, you can have it. Aoba have moved the pics into Ooyodo's tablet anyway."

'''Yahagi:''' "So that's why she act that suspiciously... Kinda regretted not to gave her a chase with Sendai-senpai, oh well. Maybe I should ask Aoba there for the 'first night' footage..."

Yahagi was just about to touch the camera, but her hand stopped short of touching it. Because she had just noticed a sharp look... no, it's more like a death glare.<br>
And it turns out to be belong to Murasame, of all people here. That red eyes of hers has the look of "Lay a finger on it (the camera) and I'll show you the wrath of Solomon"

'''Yahagi:''' "Uh, wait, I was just kidding about the night. Really, I swear!"

'''Murasame:''' "You're not planning anything funny with that camera, right, Yahagi?" (giving a dissonant smile)

'''Yahagi:''' "Gee, you reminds me of Yuudachi-san... you two are quite a nightmare when you end up at the wrong side..."

'''Samidare:''' "Murasame-neesan used to the flagship of our Destroyer Division back when were together..."

'''Yahagi:''' "You used to be together? But, well, it's unsurprising when you're sister ships..."

'''Samidare:''' "Yes, from way back to those days... But it seems like I couldn't really remember those days anymore..."

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "They've arrived. Aoba, can you aim the camera upwards?"

'''Aoba:''' "Yes, yes. Actually, I have quite an experience taking aerial photos."

'''Admiral Ciel:''' "You do know that this will be a continious shot, right? Keep as many planes under the lense for as long as you can."

'''Aoba:''' "Well, I have the fairies to help with the spotting, so it's no problem."

'''Admiral Ciel:''' Katsuragi, think your air fleet could do it?"

'''Katsuragi:''' "Ugh... I'm a bit depressed over your last minute plan change, but allright. I'll show you the result of my training with Zuikaku-senpai."
[[Category:Blog posts]]