==Participants==
<!--
* United Pacific Carrier Task Force:
** Iowa, Akagi, Kaga, Zuikaku, Shoukaku, Hatsuzuki
** Kasumi, Bismarck, Naka, Kitakami, Ooi, Yukikaze

* IJN Main Surface Fleet:
** Yamato, Musashi, Nagato, Mutsu, Yuudachi, Ayanami

* United Pacific Surface Fleet:
** HMS Warspite, Littorio, Roma, Sakawa, Prinz Eugen, Aquila

* Royal Navy Main Fleet:
** HMS Nelson, HMS Vanguard, HMS Victorious, HMS Indomitable, 2 DDs

* US Navy Main Fleet (supporting role):
** USS North Carolina (BB-55), USS New Jersey (BB-62), USS Hancock (CV-19), USS Flint (CL-97), 2 Fletcher-class DDs

* United Europe Anti-Submarine Fleet:
** Isuzu, Libeccio

* United Alliance Air Defense Fleet:
** Maya, Akizuki, USS Tucson (CL-98) <!--Natsuzuki-->

<!--
* Southeastern Fleet Coast Guard:
** HMS Malaya 
-->
==Prologue: Preparation Prelude==
* The IJN Reinforcement Fleet have defeated the E6 Boss and preparing for the E7 Boss.
* Briefing of the situation from European Fleet
* great Dinner before the battle (underestimated consumption)

<!--
==Chapter 0: Journey==
* HMS Malaya (the best cook in Royal Navy, if only one-noted cook after extensive training)
-->

==Chapter 1: Flight==
* LBAS takes flight in massive droves
* Shipgirls given a morale speech
* Shipgirls begin sortieing

==Chapter 2: Scouting==
* Scouting New Submarine Princess
* Ends with Princess creeping the scouting fleet.

<!--

==Chapter 3: Sniping War==
* LBAS already arrived and struck Aircraft Carrier Princess by surprise.
* Warspite leads the pre-emptive strike at boss

==Chapter 4: Aerial Swarm==
* EU Princess summons all Abyssals in the region
* Reinforcements from Anywhere Island
* Large scale aerial battle en route in two-sided raiding.

==Chapter 5: Fleet Interception==
* Pre-Boss nodes annihilated
* Reinforcements intercepted by Abyssals
* Shoukaku's main fleet engages EU Princess fleet

==Chapter 6: Tenacious Escape==
* Reinforcement fleets damaged by intercepting Abyssals
* Fleet reinforced by PT Imp swarms, forces Iowa to change to Type B config
* Battleship Princess heavily damaged and covers EU Princess's escape
* EU Princess's heavily Shoukaku's main fleet.
* One of EU Princess's propeller broken by Shimakaze's torpedoes

==Chapter 7: Persistence Pursuit==
* Spotted by Zara further in the straits
* Major air raid by the Abyssals, with USS Flint seriously damaged.
* Critical blow from aircraft struck the boss's last propeller preventing her escape.

==Chapter 8: Climatic Battle==
* Erehwyna Island air base overran by Abyssal bombers
* EU Princess intercepted by Shoukaku's main fleet again.
* Fleet reinforced by Yamato-class and royal fleet alliance (England + Italian) at supportive range.
* All EU Princess's escort sunk

==Chapter 9: Decisive Blow==
* EU Princess evens the odds with overwhelming swarm of aircrafts
* Shoukaku's main fleet takes severe damage from EU Princess's desperation attack.
* Yamato-class and royal fleet alliance (England + Italian) at combat range.
* Warspite delivers the final blow

==Chapter 10: At the Edge of the Abyss==
* EU Princess defeated and attempting to sink beyond shipgirl's reach

-->

<!--
Character List:

IJN Yamato + Musashi
<br>The key members of the operation, they boasted the greatest firepower of all known battleships that had ever built.

For this operation she have received German-built prototype SKC 46cm triple gun mounting with+GFCS, granting them the necessary accuracy to fully utilize it's already unparalleled firepower. However, due to the AP-shells being made by now-isolated USA, she only had a limited ammunition of it, and due to the geographic phasing employed by European Princess, the last volley was wasted to no effect.

USS North Carolina
<br>The convoy fleet leader of the North Atlantic, along with New Jersey. Due to her defeat by Tirpitz and being assigned to Atlantic convoys, she had stayed at Europe in hopes for a rematch.

USS New Jersey
<br>The most decorated battleship in US Navy, as a shipgirl she is very prideful in her strength as Iowa-class battleship. She is much more hot-blooded than Iowa and is one of the few shipgirls to take Dreadnought's challenge earnestly.

USS Saratoga (CV-3)
<br>Rescued from the Bikini Atoll, she stayed alongside Iowa (much to Big E's chargin), she is assigned into the 1st Carrier Division, along with Akagi and Kaga. She does not directly participate in the operation, as she was slated to receive modernization and a new air group at Brest.

USS Enterprise (CV-6)
<br>The most decorated warship in US Navy, she is one of the handful shipgirls with the quality of a Heroic Spirit, and has the patriotism to match such disposition. She was originally slated to reinforce the European Fleet, but her fleet was assigned to an emergency operation to rescue Madagascar at last-minute.

USS Enterprise (CVN-65)
<br>The world's first nuclear-powered aircraft carrier. While the historical warship had served USN faithfully for half a decade, as a shipgirl she has a carefree and sometimes loony disposition (much like Shimakaze). While invaluable to the Navy, she also has the tendency to take independent actions, and is a lot less passionate in her patriotism than her predecessor, thereby causing them to be at odds with each other.

USS Hancock (CV-19)
<br>One of the Essex-class carriers, and one of the many sister ships to Yorktown. Dutiful and reserved, she is ambivalent to the tides of war, fazed by nothing but bad weather.

HMS Warspite

HMS Malaya
The youngest of Queen-Elizabeth class and one of the best cook in British Royal Navy (at least by Warspite's admission), a title that only a handful could claim. She takes pride of her cuisine seriously and designates Italia as her rival. The rivalry was one-sided, though Roma appears to be aware of it.
<br>That being said, her cooking skills were specialized towards the cuisines from her namesake nation, as most of her cooking skills originated from there. While she is a good cook now, she had started out as one of the worse cook in Royal Navy. Her occasional clumsiness in cooking was compensated by years of training in cooking, and she had in fact spent longer time practicing cooking than naval gunnery to get she is now. Even now, her cooking were still far from Mamiya's level, much less Italia's.

Aquila
While she has very poor stats as a shipgirl, for some reason she displayed unrivaled accuracy as an archer.
-->
[[Category:Blog posts]]