'''Disclaimer: Since I am not knowledgable about how the chat works from a mod's viewpoint... Please let this pass...'''


==Side stories - The chat room==

''Aoba sat on her chair and she started looking the computer monitor that contained strings of data being input inside the server room where she is managing the intra-network to which the whole fleet can make a conversation with one another despite the busy schedules.''

Aoba: well, nothing interesting happened for now. Hmm... I geuss he is managing the rumours himself plus Kinugasa's intervention which literally slashes any rumours that might surface. Anyways, I better start collecting data for my little test project.

''Aoba logged inside the chat using her moderator account. while she waits for her account to get in, she hanged the photos she took and wait for them to dry.''

Aoba: Well, These times are rough. since it's cold outside, I have a hard time collecting stolen shots especially from those girls. The Admiral on the other hand uses hot water so there is a fog forming whenever he takes a bath. Was he too wary of my presence? Damn, he sure loves making me do all the hard work.

Aoba's account entered the virtual world and now she cna now handle the Virtual data that gets in and out of her network.


==Birth of the communication devices.==

''A certain time before New year''

'''Hiro''': Hmm...

'''Sazanami''': Master, what is the problem?

'''Hiro''': The radios are actually malfunctioning as of late and All I get is pure static. damn, I really can't afford to lose radios now.

'''Sazanami''': That is indeed bad. So what shall we do?

'''Hiro''': Hmm... I better call the R and D head and Aoba for some crazy project.

'''Sazanami''': Are you sure Master to let Aoba-sensei handle it?

'''Hiro''': As of now, I have no way of managing that large amount of data and I doubt most of you can do it anyways, so I am assigning to her as a way to circulate propaganda and some good rumours too.

'''Sazanami''': Hmm... I wonder, But do you think she will say yes?

'''Hiro''': Definitely, she hates paper more than anything else.



''The Admiral then summoned Aoba and Kuro who were having their lunch break at the mess hall.''

'''Kuro''': Hiro, I can sense you are up to no good once more.

'''Hiro''': Now, now. I am not going to make you Naka's caretaker at this point since she said that the carriers are fighting back at some point.

'''Kuro''': really?

'''Hiro''': well, they are still scared of her. But they can hold their ground now.

'''Kuro''': I see. So Hiro, what is this proposal of yours and why this paparazzi is also here?

'''Hiro''': i believe she can much handle everything that is related to computers.

'''Aoba''': I see...

'''Hiro''': Anyways, Can you two make a network around the base so that communications are okay and that I will keep all of my moist radar in their right places because they are having troubles as of late.

'''Kuro''': I really can't feel the need to use those radios myself.

'''Hiro''': Since you can mess up radio waves yourself. It's best if you are not given elerctronic devices at all. But I will still give you because I know you will need one.

'''Kuro''': Tch. You are such a con man.

'''Hiro''': Well, I am making full use of this situation. By the way Aoba, What kind of communication can we use in this base? I don't wan that very formal language whenever we are communicating since this base is just like a big house. How can we do it?

'''Aoba''': let's create a group chat. It's showcase the term 'protected while you are killing someone.'

'''Hiro''': Hmm...

'''Sazanami''': I doubt you can actually kill while you are being protected. Aoba-sensei, we can make our own profiles there right?

'''Aoba''': Well... I am planning to. I might have to make something out of scratch for a change.

'''Sazanami''': Alright.

'''Hiro''': So Aoba, will this be okay?

'''Aoba''': Of course. Leave it to me.

'''Kuro''': can I go now?

'''Aoba''': you there tall guy, you are helping me setting the physical components.

'''Kuro''': What a drag...

''Aoba and Kuro went to the location of the so called the 'future hub'.''



==Present day.==

''In the cyber space''

'''''[14:00]'''''

'''Blue feather''': Hmm, nothing great came today, it's fully steamy. will you still buy those pics?

'''Ra/Ven''': wait, what are you circulating over the chat?

'''Blue feather''': it's pictures of a popular guy who was the most talked about person in this humble naval base.

'''Ra/Ven''': Hmm... Oh well. Can you get my orders too?

'''Blue Feather''': Just PM me! okay?



'''Ra/Ven: '''Alright'''.'''



[14:02]

'''Blue angel''': What did I miss? Blue feather-san, can you PM the link to me?

'''Blue feather''': Ok.

'''Sazanami''' (in hiragana): Me too...

'''English countess''': Yeah, can you PM us the link so that he can't see it?

'''Blue feather''': Alright, But let me remind you to pay the appropriate amount when you download it to your terminals.

'''''[14:09]'''''

'''Coffee''': Damn it, why do I have to tire myself out from leveling?

'''G.T.''': Oh, gratz on your current level. I heard you hit the level 80s already.

'''Hungry Wolf''': the Admiral wants you to be well prepared since you are a prided Krigs... wut was it again?

'''Battle lover''': Krigs?

'''Gloden Kouhai''': Kriegsmarine. Anyways, why can't he give me a remodel right now. i want to show to sempai how cool I am.

'''Manager-san''': I think I heard him said that he wants to wait for Unryuu and Amagi before he give you the remodel.

'''Golden Kouhai''': what!!!???  I can't believe it. Is he an S by some chance?

'''Sazanami''': nope. he loves bullying you.

'''Blue angel''': He just wants to have the 601 group. so be patient.

'''Golden Kouhai''': I see. Thanks.

'''Sazanami''': Anyways, where did Master gone anyways?

'''Blue Angel''': I really don't know. It seems that he went out again.

'''''[Isana joins the chat]'''''

'''Isana''': Oh!!!

'''Sazanami''': hey. How did you managed to get into the network?

'''Isana''': well... I will not tell you how. But where is Hiro-sama? I wanna see him now since  I am sooo missing him so much, ever since he assigned me to look for some... oh I musn't tell you what I am doing for the past months.

'''Sazanami''': You just tell the whole chat what is the Admiral's name.. you blockhead.

'''Isana''': eehh...

'''Hungry wolf''': So it's Hiro huh.

'''Battle Lover''': Hiro... sounds close to a hero, a person who fights.

'''''[Great 1000 entered the chat room] '''''



'''''[The Idol entered the chat room]'''''

'''''[enforcer entered the chat room]'''''

'''Great 1000''': I already knew that.

'''The Idol''': Really? All this time I call him by his surname. I never thought the Admiral has such a cute Nickname.

'''enforcer''': ...

'''Sazanami''': People... Why are you not surprised by this development?

'''Blue angel''': the rumours are still circulating around the base, so I think they are not that hopeful to find his name at all.

'''Isana''': Waahhh... I only showed myself once and I made a blunder to Hiro-sama.

'''''[Kumanon entered the chat room]'''''

[Bell entered the chat room]

'''Bell''': So Kumanon: You already knew it all along and yet you kept it from me.

'''Kumanon''': because I know that you are up to no good to.

'''Bell''': But you see... I want to...

'''''- Sazanami kicked Bell out of the chat room. -'''''

'''Sazanami''': I wonder why she keeps on mentioning things like this.

'''Blue angel''': Well... since she can't say it in the real world, she just say it over this chat.

'''Sazanami''': hmm...



'''''- Bell entered the Chat room -'''''



'''Bell''': that was uncalled for.

'''Sazanami''': I do apologixe for that. but let me remind you that I am here.

'''Bell''': well. I'll just have to tease Kumanon now.



'''''- Kumanon left the chat room. -'''''



'''Bell''': What a meanie.

'''Ra/Ven''': Bell... You are going to 5-4 today.

'''Bell''': Eeehhh...



'''''- Bell left the chat room -'''''



'''Sazanami''': Master.

'''Ra/Ven''': yup?

'''Sazanami''': nevermind...

'''Ra/Ven''': Alright.



'''''- Ra/ven left the chat room. -'''''

'''''- Sazanami left the chat room. -'''''





'''Blue feather: '''wut?

'''RJ''': Why are they flirting over this chat room?

'''Blue glasses''': ...

'''Blue feather''': Anyways, did you see the photos now?

'''Blue angel''': I saw it... It is foggy. But I'll take the one which he is wearing the Santa Claus dress.

'''RJ''': I'll take the foggy pic of him.

'''Blue glasses''': Blue feather-san, can you do something about the fog?

'''Blue feather''': Well... For now, I have no counter-measure fot that.

'''Blue glasses''': Alright. I won't be getting any photos today.

'''RJ''': Wait... you too?

'''Blue glasses''': yup.

'''Reppuu eater''': Blue feather, can I get the photo of him cooking the food?

'''Blue feather''': okay.

'''Tosa2''': ...

'''Izumo''': This is the first time...

'''RJ''': Reppuu eater, you buy pics of the Admiral too?

'''Reppuu eater''': Yup.

'''Blue feather''': Sounds fishy to me...

'''Reppuu eater''': I am just looking at the food he is making. I want to taste it too in photos.

'''Tosa2''': (facepalms)

'''RJ''': Wut the hecK! (facepalms)

'''Izumo''': lel

'''Alcohol_lady''': Hey ladies, I have some booze right now. can we drink now!?

'''Blue Angel''': Alcohol_Lady, it's still work hours. Please restrain yourself in inviting others for a toast. You can wait till it's evening. Is that fine?

'''Alcohol_lady''': Alright. By the way, come join us drink one of these days. to vent off your stress.

'''Blue Angel''': I'll consider.



'''''- Blue Angel left the chat room. - '''''



'''''- Blizzard entered the chat room - '''''


'''- sub leader entered the chat room -'''




'''sub leader''': Listen guys, I am in orel and I can connect to you people.

'''Blizzard''': really!?



'''''- Bell entered the chat room -'''''



'''Bell''': Oh. It's now working outside too...

'''Blue Feather''': Update complete. You can now connect to this network any parts of the globe. All you need is a password and a account name.

'''Bell''': I see.



'''''[14:25]'''''

'''''- Silver entered the chat room -'''''



'''Silver''': Finally, our daily 5-4 is over.

'''G.T.''': Great work. The Admiral will be proud of you guys.

'''enforcer''': By the way Silver-san, I heard rumours of you are making a move on the Admiral too. Am I right?

'''Silver''': Nope. that is not true.

'''G.T.''': Eh!?

'''Silver''': why did you think of that enforcer?

'''enforcer''': I heard from Great 1000 that you had a talk back then. She thought that you two are somewhat... getting to know one another?

'''Silver''': Nope. The Admiral is just a guy I admire. But it's not to a point where I can go and confess my feelings to him.

'''enforcer''': So you like him?

'''Silver''': Kinda. But...

'''enforcer  '''but? Oh...



'''''- black entered the chat room -'''''



'''Black''': Ra/Ven, where the hell are you!!!

'''Silver''': Black-san?

'''Black''': eh...

'''Silver''': what is the matter?

'''Black''': ...

'''enforcer''': I doubt I will see these things unfolding over the chat room.

'''RJ''': what the Heck!!!

- Ra/Ven entered the Chat room -

'''Ra/Ven''': Black, what is your problem?

'''Black''': The advice you gave me back fired and now the two girls are wanting to spend a night with me.

'''Ra/Ven''': Oh my... what bad luck you have.

'''Silver''': Ra/ven-san, can I have a word with you?

'''Ra/Ven''': Alright. Black, please handle this lady too.



'''''- Silver left the chat room -'''''

'''''- Ra/Ven left the chat room -'''''



'''enforcer''': Black-san, are you perhaps in-love with Silver-san?

'''Black''': Shut it.



'''''- Black left the chat room -'''''



'''enfrocer''': what a tsundere.

'''RJ''': ...

'''G.T.''': ...

'''Blue feather''': ...

'''enforce''': what's with this silence? guys?

'''The Idol''': So you are like this whe you are pissed.

'''Great 1000''': Better work on it for the future.



'''''- Great 1000 left the chat room -'''''



'''The Idol''': Anyways, did you see where the Admiral is?

'''enforcer''': I don't know.



'''''- Silver enters the chat room -
'''''



'''Silver''': I can't believe it.

'''enforcer''': tell us. we are curious.

'''Silver''': I can't believe I fell into a trap before arriving to the Admiral's office.

'''RJ''': So basically, you just tripped.

'''Silver''': Yes. But, Kuro-san is there...

'''RJ''': My goodness...

'''Silver''': He might think I am a low kind of a girl now.

'''enforcer''': Silver-san, do you like Kuro-san?

'''Silver''': I do like him... but I feel like...



'''''- Sazanami enters the chat room -'''''



'''Sazanami''': Silver-san, Master calls you to the office.

'''Silver''': Alright. I gotta go get some new clothes.

'''Sazanami: '''I will also escort you just in case.



'''''- Sazanami left the chat. -'''''

'''''- Silver left the chat. -'''''



'''enforcer''': Looks like a love triangle to me.

'''RJ''': No way. Hiro-san has no intentions at all for Silver-san.

'''enforcer''': really?

'''RJ''': because I am his best carrier.



'''''- RJ was kicked out of the chat room by Tosa2. -'''''



'''Tosa2''': RJ, please don't flaunt your status around this chat...

'''G.T.''': I wonder if RJ is actually worried about Silver-san at all.



'''''- RJ entered the chat room. -'''''



'''RJ''': Ouch. I made that happened anyways. Forgive me Tosa2-san.

'''Tosa2''': Alright.

'''T.G.''': Is it just me or we had a lot of inactive people here?

'''Tosa2''': That's the norm. wait until it's night. The chat is full of insights.

'''''- You left the chat room. -'''''



==Intermission:==

''Kazagumo went out to but some Ice Cream from Mamiya when she saw the Admiral walking to the store.''

'''Hiro''': it's cold... I should have carried my scarf too.

''Kazagumo approached the Admiral and she grabs the Admiral's arm.''

'''Kazagumo''': Hiro-sama, Let me be your warmth.

'''Hiro''': Thanks. But A scarf is enough.

'''Kazagumo''': But I only have one.

'''Hiro''': Oh well. I better endure it.

''Kazagumo then unwrapped her scartf and she wraps it around to the admiral's and her neck so that they can share over.''

'''Kazagumo''': Let me return the favor of the jacket.

'''Hiro''': Thanks. By the way, you are sweet today, are you perhaps going to attack me while you bind me like this?

'''Kazagumo''': nope. I changed my mind in my attack approach since you despise those things. I might became hated by you when it continues. So I have a change of heart.

'''Hiro''': I see. Say Kazagumo, what did you liked about me now since you are at least staying here for almost 2 months?

'''Kazagumo''': well... first and foremost, I love how sweet you are. Also, I love how broken you are.

'''Hiro''': You knew?

'''Kazagumo''': Someone as broken as me... I can immediately know who is broken or not. Like Kumano-san and Samidare-san and Sazanami-san. You are all broken people.

'''Hiro''': I see. So you have that talent.

'''Kazagumo''': I honestly hated it. because I can see the depths of one soul with this talent.

'''Hiro''': Can you see what is my color?

'''Kazagumo''': Grey.

'''Hiro''': As expected.

'''Kazagumo''': Luckily. I know how to clear it.

'''Hiro''': really?

'''Kazagumo''': But, you need to accept me also.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Kazagumo''': well, I can also wait for that. Just like what Sazanami-san did, Just like Kinugasa-san did, Just like what Samidare-san did and Just like what Kumano-san did. We will all wait for your decision.

'''Hiro''': I just realized. You have matured enough.

'''Kazagumo''': well... I want to be with you. I need to catch up a bit.

''Kazagumo then leans closer to the Admiral and she let her body touch the Admiral's captured arm.''

'''Hiro''': Kazagumo...

'''Kazagumo''': well for now, I will just tease you. Until the time comes you come to your senses and look for me.

'''Hiro''': well... I guess you can just wait for a long while then.

'''Kazagumo''': If that is your decision, then I am in no right to deny it.

''The two continued walking until they reach the store.''



''The Admiral bought 10 pieces and he carried it all towards bak to the base. Kazagumo was with him all the time untile they returned.''

'''''That day, Sazanami and Samidare didn't antagonize Kazagumo.'''''



==Intermission 2:==

'''Kuro''': Hmmm... First of all, why are you two here?

'''Zuikaku''': because I want to be with you.

'''Katsuragi''': It's not like I want to stay though...

'''Kuro''': hey!

''Zuikaku looks at the Mechanic's hands and she saw the device that was in boom.''

'''Zuikaku''': Oh!!! it's that the device!?

'''Kuro''': Yup. it's where we can use to chat with one another. I am adding a feature thanks to that Paparazzi, this has become indespensable at some point. Anyways, I added a function to automatically add your thoughts.

'''Katsuragi''': Really?

'''Kuro''': Anyways. There is always danger to that since you will bare yourself out into this chat room. I really don't want to make it but, That Aoba made me do it for some reason. She said it's for some data collection.

'''Zuikaku''': Sounds like she is into big trouble again.

'''Katsuragi''': By the way, who would use those terminals?

'''Kuro''': Shoukaku-san, Maikaze, Nowaki, Hagikaze, Kazagumo, Hatsukaze and Murakumo, Oh I also forgot to add Naka-san, Choukai and Kaga.

'''Katsuragi''': Hmm... Weird.

'''Zuikaku''': true enough. I wonder why Aoba wants the data on these people. was this something about the ability to hide your feelings?

'''Kuro''': It is also a gauge to see if you have good intentions or not. But to put inside a neutral zone named the chat room. It means Aoba wants to make rifts at some point to see if the relations inside the base is just as shallow as the river.

'''Zuikaku''': But The most critical of the people you mentioned there would be Maikaze-chan and Nowaki-chan right?

'''Kuro''': Yup. But Aoba is also probing on Shoukaku... It's something I hate and find it too despicable.

'''Katsuragi''': well, she has her own reasons. Please bear with it. But what worries me is that the Admiral is caught in this cross fire once they try firing their feelings over the neutral zone. instead of keeping it and saying it in private.

'''Kuro''': Tch. I just hate that person indeed. She is way too despicable than the Admiral himself.

'''Zuikaku''': Anyways... I better go now. Katsuragi, please prep up too. your team will do grinding once more.

'''Katsuragi''': Yes senpai!

''Zuikaku left the room and Katsuragi left the room too after Zuikaku left.''



'''Kuro''': (I forgot to mention that all ship girls will have this thing once it's results are favorable. But, I better keep it to myself since they will kill me if I say it.)

Kuro continues in tweaking the device.


==Intermission 3 : girls talk.==

''Kazagumo and Maikaze was invited by Samidare to go her office.''

'''Maikaze''': Ueehhh... But I still have to prep myself for the dance.

'''Kazagumo''': I have a bad feeling about this.

''As the two walk towards the room, they felt the cold air emanating inside the room and the two hesitated a bit in opening the door.''

'''Maikaze''': Shall we head back?

'''Kazagumo''': I am afraid that if we don't face her... more trouble will arrive. Let's go inside.

'''Maikaze''': Alright.

''Maikaze opened the door and saw Samidare who is sitting on her chair and was waiting for their arrival.''
''Inside the room, Suzukaze was also there and Sazanami who is complaining to Samidare that she had work to do.''

'''Suzukaze''': oh, they are here!

'''Samidare''': Good.

'''Sazanami''': Samidare, make it quick. I can feel that someone will score a point.

'''Samidare''': well... why not let them.

'''Sazanami''': ...

'''Maikaze''': Thanks for inviting us

'''Kazagumo''': me too...

Maikaze closed the door and then the two sat at the vacant chairs inside the room.



''Samidare who was in her desk was drinking tea and Sazanami is seated at the available chair while Suzukaze is standing near the window.''

'''Suzukaze''': Samidare... Can I go?

'''Samidare''': Nope. I want you to be here too just in case.

'''Suzukaze''': I doubt they have the will to do that though.

'''Samidare''': Well, we must be careful too.

'''Suzukaze'''; Alright. Just let me stay a bit close to the Admiral.

'''Suzanami''': hey! You need to say that to me instead.

'''Samidare''': Yes you can.

'''Suzukaze''': Alright.

Suzukaze stood near on the door and she assumed the pose of a soldier waiting for the arrival of a superior.

'''Samidare''': Anyways. I called the two of you since you two are the most active people here who are pursuing the admiral.

'''Sazanami''': For the record. I hated it when the Admiral welcomes that advances.

'''Maikaze''': (the admiral? Sazanami refers the admiral as the admiral?)

'''Suzukaze''': Hmm... Kazagumo-san, I heard that you kissed him many times now. Am I right?

'''Kazagumo''': well... (fidgets) I did try but I only got one kiss and I initiated it he was kinda don't like it.

'''Samidare''': So you say that he hasn't been at the level that he wants to do something with you?

'''Sazanami''': Calm down folks. Kazagumo here really works hard for the Admiral. Asides, she also removes the charmed food that Agano send to him.

'''Samidare''': So you are now an ally of Kazagumo-chan.

'''Kazagumo''': Wait! Samidare-san, I indeed want him for myself. But, the Admiral has stopped all of my advances since he says that it's supossed to be the guy who is making a move.

'''Samidare''': Hmm... so what did he do?

'''Kazagumo''': well... He just smelled my hair and took me to the place where the two of you were escued. He hasn't actually asked me for a date though. He said that he likes my hair.

''Samidare also brushed her hair as if she is boasting that the admiral touches her hair too..''

'''Sazanami''': ... (I should have lenghtened my hair too...)

'''Suzukaze''': Sazanami-san, are you thinking that you should grow your hair too?

'''Sazanami''': eh!?

'''Suzukaze''': Well... I can sense it since you are kinda jealous on their hair. Don't worry though. He also liked Hiei-san's short hair. So you are also good too.

'''Sazanami''': I see...

'''Suzukaze''': (Man, how insecure this girl anyways?)

'''Samidare''': anyways. Kazagumo-chan. do you still love the Admiral? Despite being tied to us... and especially to Sazanami-chan?

'''Kazagumo''': Yes. I am indeed in love with him.

'''Sazanami''': I see...

'''Maikaze''': I envy you Kazagumo-chan. You are a bit younger than me and yet the Admiral actually cares for you. But I on the other hand, I am still his dance partner no matter what happens.

'''Kazagumo''': Maikaze-san. I want to say this one story that the Admiral told me once pertaining to you.

'''Maikaze''': eh? He also told me stories about me?

'''Kazagumo''': well...

Kazagumo winked at Sazanami and Samidare signalling them that there was no such story at all.

'''Suzukaze''': Hey... What are you telling them Kazagumo-san?

'''Sazanami''': well, you can continue. (winks back as confirmation)

'''Samidare''': oh my... you can continue. (winks back as confirmation)

'''Suzukaze''': Don't listen to...

Suzukaze faints due to a chop.

'''Maikaze''': hmm... What's wrong with Suzukazee-san?

'''Samidare''': Don't worry about her. She is just too tired. I am letting her take a nap.

'''Maikaze''': Okay. (strange)

'''Kazagumo''': You see... The admiral mentioned me that you are a lovely girl with a lovely personality. the Admiral feels glad and stress free whenever he dances with you. He is grateful by that fact alone.

'''Maikaze''': I see...

'''Kazagumo''': The thing is... He really can't resist your blond hair.

'''Maikaze''': really!

'''Sazanami''': (too easy!)

'''Samidare''': (Looks like we can do something about her.)

'''Kazagumo''': See... The admiral just don't want you to be hurt so he doesn't ask for your hand since you are frail.

'''Maikaze''': I see... (frowns a bit) I am cared by him too... But, I want to be with him. I just need to be strong, right?

'''Kazagumo''': Well...

'''Maikaze''': No. Rather. I will become strong so that he will not have to protect me when I wage war on my senpais.

'''Sazanami''': (Kazagumo, why did it turned out like this?)

'''Kazagumo''': (I dont know? I was discouraging her.)

'''Samidare''': (Discouraging someone works if you have finely stated that he/she has no chance of winning. in this cawse you have't stated the most facts... so she will have her newly found power)

Kazagumo facepalms in the development.

'''Maikaze''': what's the problem?

'''Kazagumo''': none. By the way. The Admiral hates being attacked. Just create an opportumity and let him take care of you.

'''Maikaze''': Yes Master!

''Sazanami and Samidare facepalms at the current situation.''

'''Kazagumo''': (man, what did I do?)

'''Maikaze''': I see... that's why he is avoiding me all this time. I better fight it. Thanks Master.

''Maikaze went out of the room to return to her daily practice.''

''Kazagumo and the rest sigh in relief.''
''Suzukaze hasn't woke up.''



'''Samidare''': Oh well... Anyways. thanks Kazagumo-chan on the help for Maikaze. Honestly, we don't have any idea how we can help her.

'''Sazanami''': Yup. Anyways. see to it that you will also aide with what the Admiral wants/

'''Kazagumo''': eh...

'''Sazanami''': I hate to admit it, But You are welcomed to our club.

'''Kazagumo''': so this was a hazing rights all along?

'''Sazanami''': well Kinda... just a bit.

'''Kazagumo''': How about Maikaze-san?

'''Sazanami''': well... we'll see how things unfold.

'''Samidare''': Well, I won't be surprised if we will have to call Nowaki too.

'''Kazagumo''': Nowaki?

'''Sazanami''': well... Between the two of us. But I'll tell you a secret.

'''Kazagumo''': What is it?

'''Sazanami''': I believe Nowaki loves Maikaze more than a friend.

'''Kazagumo''': Ah... This is bad.

'''Sazanami''': Yup. We'll have to monitor Maikaze and Nowaki for now. By the way, what advices did Yuugumo-san told you about the Admiral?

'''Kazagumo''': I asked her but she didn't answer. Her only answer is that I just look at Samidare and Sazanami and I will see how I can make the Admiral fall.

'''Sazanami''': I see... That's our Yuugumo indeed.

'''Samidare''': Anyways. Meeting is over. go Meet... oh, stay here for a while.

'''Sazanami''': why was that?

'''Kazagumo''': Don't tell me?

'''Samidare''': Looks like she moved in too early.

'''Sazanami''': well Master, Goodluck on that one.

''the three realized that The admiral is already talking to Nowaki who is in the other room.   ''


==Intermission 4: Nowaki's Counterforce==

''Nowaki entered the Admiral's office as she wants to say something to the Admiral.''

'''Nowaki''': Pardon my intrusion Admiral, May I come in?

'''Hiro''': You can come in.

''Nowaki opened the door and she stepped inside of the office and she bowed at the Admiral before sitting in the couch.''

'''Hiro''': Sazanami is not here for now. Is you business something related to that?

'''Nowaki''': No Admiral. Actually, I am here to talk to you in private.

'''Hiro''': I see... By the way, what if my secretary returns immediately?

'''Nowaki''': Well, I just have to deal with that when the time comes.

'''Hiro''': (I see, so she is willing to compromise) okay.

'''Nowaki''': Admiral. I have one request to make and please do it.

'''Hiro''': I am listening...

'''Nowaki''': Please stay away from Maikaze from now on.

'''Hiro''': Can I know your reasons?

'''Nowaki''': I can't. But I am doing this for her hapinness.

'''Hiro''': Hapiness... How funny.

'''Nowaki''': What?

'''Hiro''': Listen here Nowaki. I really can't do that request of yours because of one thing. Maikaze's request is that I should dance with her 'til eternity, and no one can make a request to cut it off no matter how painful it is.

'''Nowaki''': that's lies. Maikaze will never do such a thing. She... she just wants to dance, not with someone.

'''Hiro''': Nowaki... how do you see Maikaze in your eyes?

'''Nowaki''': Me?

'''Hiro''': Do I have a second you?

'''Nowaki''': Anyways. Maikaze is a cheerful girl. she loves to dance because that's her life. It's something she can't live without. She is easily depressed and she is frail like a glass.

'''Hiro''': I know that.

'''Nowaki''': Also, she always talks about the things she wanted to dance. the people whe wanted to teach dancing, the goal of her dance... her life's ultimate goal.

'''Hiro''': Her ultimate goal is to find someone who is willing to dance with her no matter what happens.

'''Nowaki''': I know. Wait, how did you know?

'''Hiro''': Well... I am more or ways connected to her. And I can pretty much guess it whenever we dance.

'''Nowaki''': I see...

''Nowaki bowed her head and then she glared at the Admiral and she tries to threaten him one more time.''


'''Nowaki''': Admiral, I might be rude by doing this... But please forgive me for I am just a person who is concerned over a good friend.

''Nowaki then immediately dashed towards the Admiral's table and reached out for his neck but Nowaki was immediately neutralized by the Admiral by moving slightly backwards and catching her hands.''
'''Hiro''': Nowaki, nice try. but this is an assault. Say Nowaki, what is Maikaze to you? Areyou sure you are there as a friend? or was it something else?

'''Nowaki''': I am her friend...

'''Hiro''': No!!! You are not!!! Don't mess with me!!! I know the colours of your heart. I can see that you love Maikaze more than a friend. ANSWER ME!!! DO YOU LOVE MAIKAZE MORE THAN A FRIEND?

''Nowaki bit her lips as she tries to not answer the question the Admiral has asked.''

'''Hiro''': Quite stubborn.

''The Admiral lets go of Nowaki's hand and he stood up to face Nowaki. Nowaki on the other hand prepared something in her pocket and she immediately tried to stab the Admiral using it, but the Admiral has foresaw it and neutralized it immediately.''



'''Hiro''': How come I am this careless. Nowaki, you are too obvious anyways.

'''Nowaki''': Tch. Let me go.

'''Hiro''': Not this time young girl.

''The admiral pushes Nowaki into the sofa.''

'''Nowaki''': Ugh...

'''Hiro''': Listen... I know that you are planning in screaming now... but...

Nowaki tried screaming but she was frozen in an instant.

'''Nowaki''': !!!

'''Hiro''': Too late. Normally, I don't want to use Ninja methods in interrogations since it destroys the target of the technique. But since you left me no choice I better take a small risk.

'''Nowaki''': !!!

''The Admiral's image has vanished and Nowaki saw a nightmare in front of her eyes...''



'''Nowaki''': Mai... Mai...

'''Maikaze''': Nowacchi? why are you looking like that? Aren't you supposed to wear the dress I sent to you?

'''Nowaki''': what dress?

'''Maikaze''': The dress of a maid-in-honor. Today is the day I am getting married. Didn't you congratulated me?

'''Nowaki''': eehh... wait. this is just an illusion.

'''Maikaze''': Nope. I am getting married. Look at you hand.

'''Nowaki''': My hand?

Nowaki looked at her hand and she saw the callouses she had.

'''Nowaki''': what does this means?

''As Nowaki looked forward, she saw Maikaze embracing the guy she was going to marry and they kissed each other at the lips.''



'''Nowaki''': Admiral...

'''Maikaze''': C'mon now. we are not in that world anymore.

'''Nowaki''': eh!?

'''Maikaze''': This is a world of peace. This man, who used to be called as the Admiral is named Hiro-san. He just proposed to me last year when the war comes to an end.

'''Nowaki''': eh... Admiral, please stop this. This is not funny anymore.

'''Hiro''': Nowaki, aren't you glad that we are getting married. didn't you gave us your blessing when we came to your aid?

'''Nowaki''': Admiral. stop destroying my mind...



then the scenery freezes.

'''Nowaki''': eh...

the true admiral stepped into the background.

'''Hiro''': wow... so you did survived.

'''Nowaki''': Where Am I?

'''Hiro''': It's like a reality marble... it's just contains the worst fear of the one being targeted by my illusion.

'''Nowaki''': I see...

'''Hiro''': Anyways, while we are here... you can't make a lie to me. Say, where did you hide Maikaze's spare dress?

'''Nowaki''': In my drawer... eh...

'''Hiro''': I see.

'''Nowaki''': Not fair. I can just bite my lips so I can't.

'''Hiro''': I'd like to see you try. Nowaki, do you love Maikaze as someone of the different sex?

''Nowaki bits her lips to avoid blurting out the truth, but as she tries to hold it in, her lips bleed and she struggles to hold her answer.''

'''Hiro''': Nowaki. It's not nice to lie to yourself.

''Nowaki then loosens up and she immediately spoke the words she kept inside.''

'''Nowaki''': I am sooo in-love with Mai-chan. I want to spend my days just to be with her. I want to be with her 24/7 and I want to be more intimate to her than as she was intimate to you.

'''Hiro''': I see... It's indeed a painful curse.

The Admiral wipes Nowaki's bloddied lips with his hankerchief and he immediately embraces Nowaki.

'''Nowaki''': eehh... Admiral?

'''Hiro''': thank goodness you don't have hatred enveloping your heart. I am thankful I still made it.

'''Nowaki''': What do you mean?

'''Hiro''': I am glad...

''The admiral lets go of Nowaki and then he pats Nowaki's head.''



'''Nowaki''': But still... to trick me in saying my true feelings, why do you make so much effort?

'''Hiro''': Because I want things to be as clear as they should be. Also, I want to face you in the future.

'''Nowaki''': I see... (He is not bad afterall.)

'''Hiro''': Well... I better heal you first. Any injury done here is permanent though.

the Admiral holds Nowaki's hand and her wound vanishes in an instant.


'''Nowaki''': eh!? how did you do that?

'''Hiro''': well... I just requested your spirit to heal you. Anyways, it's complicated.

'''Nowaki''': I see...

'''Hiro''': I better let this mist go down now.

'''''[Dispel]'''''



the surroundings has disappeared and it returned into the normal office.

'''Hiro''': Well Nowaki, I suppose that you will not get too emotional this time. Asides, I still haven't decided everything. Also, Please say what you feel to Maikaze.

'''Nowaki''': I will. By the way Admiral...

'''Hiro''': what is it?

'''Nowaki''': nevermind. I will ask you some other time then.

''Nowaki left the office and she immediately saw Maikaze who is preparing in the dance room.''

''what happened between them is kept between themselves.''





===Omake: Private chat between Nowaki and The Admiral===

''Private chat between the Admiral and Nowaki.''

'''Ra/Ven''': Yo!

'''Nowacchi''': Yo! By the way. I told her already.

'''Ra/Ven''': I see...

'''Nowacchi''': She embraced me and then she happily rejected me. Funny indeed.

'''Ra/Ven''': Sorry.

'''Nowacchi''': It's fine. I found out that I don't love her enough.

'''Ra/Ven''': I see.

'''Nowacchi''': But... I think I like you.

'''Ra/Ven''': Nowaki, you are funny.

'''Nowachhi''': Nope. I am always serious. Watch out for me.

- Nowacchi left the private chat. -




==[Public Chat]==

'''21:30'''

'''Reppuu Eater''': Guess what, The admiral is sleeping right now.

'''Tosa2''': Hmm...

'''Sazanami''': I see...



'''Blue Angel: '''Blue Feather-san, please photo him right now.

'''Blue Feather''': I am doing it right now.

'''Kumanon''': please hurry up...

'''Dancing queen''': Go for it. send me a bunch.

'''Blue glasses''': Umm... can I get one too?

'''RJ''': guys, this is not the place to put in your orders. anyways. two copies for me.

'''enforcer''': ehem!!! you are scaring the newbies.

'''pyon''': newbies? nah, no such thing like that.

'''strength''': yup. No such thing as newbies.

'''Night clouds''': Cmon now, please be nice to us.

'''Myoukou fan''': Yeah

'''Boyish princess''': Yeah!!



'''sub leader: '''Guys, this is much of a riot.

'''A-Rare''': bad news. I am watching Aoba taking photos right now. Onii-chan told me to hit the camera, and the photo taker.

'''Sazanami''': I'll give you Mamiya brand. spare the camera and just hit Aoba-san.

'''Blue feather''': hey...

'''Blue Angel''': ...

'''Myoukou fan''': ...

'''Boyish Princess''': ...

'''Bell''': ...

'''Kumanon''': ...

'''A-Rare''': Anyways, I got the camera now. what do you want to get, his upper body or his sleeping face, or...

'''Suzukaze''': Guys... this getting out of hand. I better kick all of you to keep personal matters to yourselves.



'''''- Everyone has been Kicked out by Suzukaze -'''''

'''Suzukaze''': Done.

'''''- Ra/ven enters the chat - '''''

'''Ra/ven''': Suzukaze, A-Rare is just joking and Asides what is this command?

'''Suzukaze''': It's an auto kick function. I am the only one who has been given by this function by Kuro-san.



'''Ra/ven: '''Good. Suzukaze, I will sleep now. please tell them that I am not entertaining snooping girls.

'''Suzukaze''': Alright.

''Ra/Ven left the chat room.''



[the kicked people will return in 5 seconds]

'''Suzukaze''': well then..



=='''''23:00'''''==

'''Cobra''': Admiral?

'''Kumanon''': he is sleeping right now. I am...

'''Cobra''': He is with me...

'''Sazanami''': Guys. He is in his own room.

'''Blue angel''': anyways... have you got something good?

'''Cobra''': Aoba sent me the photos earlier. they are great.

'''Sazanami''': I see.

'''KZGM''': Oh! where's the Admiral? I want to ask him something?

'''Sazanami''': He is sleeping in his room.

'''KZGM''': Can you escort me there?

'''Sazanami''': No.

'''KZGM''': Okay.

'''Dancing queen''': Anyways, Nowacchi seemed to be strange. what did happened to her?

'''Sazanami''': I don't know.

'''Blue angel''': I don't know...

'''KZGM''': I will not tell you that she went to the admiral and she asked for an advice.

'''Dancing queen''': I see... Anyways, I got a letter from HQ a while ago since you are all busy.

'''Sazanami''': Really?

'''Dancing queen''': It says that his participation is required. also, it states that he should bring his secretary ship.

'''Sazanami''': when?

'''Dancing queen''': The next day. around 8 in the morning.

'''Sazanami''': Alright. noted.

'''Dancing queen''': By the way...

'''Blue angel''': what is it?

'''Dancing queen''': well... Nowacchi seemed to smile when she saw the photo of the admiral. What does it mean?

'''KZGM''': No way!!!



'''''- KZGM exits the chat -'''''

'''''- Sazanami exits the chat -'''''

'''''- Blue angel exits the chat -'''''

'''''- Cobra exits the chat -'''''

'''''- Kumanon exits the chat -'''''

'''''- Dancing Queen exits the chat -'''''




'''''nobody was left in the chat today.'''''

'''''- Admin Suzukaze exits the chat -'''''


-end.
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]