==Prologue:==

As the winter gets cold, some people find comfort while underneath the warmth of a kotatsu and some find it in the weirdest of places. Right now, the naval base is devoid of activity because the Admiral and some of the personnel went out for the holidays. Even though it was the first time they did such a thing, the rest understood that it also served them as a break for the upcoming large-scale operation this February.

Even so, one person never failed to train her body every day since she has nothing better to do.

Kasumi: 1,2,3,4…

Kasumi is currently running around on the track as she is accompanied by Musashi who like the idea of training underneath the cold winterish weather. Even so, Musashi who is usually dressed less in most occasion is seen wearing her Track and field outfit since she said that it’s a bit of distraction to the rest if she doesn’t dress up while training.

Musashi: You seem to be busy.<br />Kasumi: I am just training my mind and my spirit.<br />Musashi: That’s commendable then.

As the two continue to run around in circles, on more person joined the fray and she talked to the other two.

Kiyoshimo: I am a bit mad.<br />Kasumi: Don’t tell me that Naganami get her 2nd remodel and you are stuck at your old self.<br />Kiyoshimo: But I am supposed to become a battleship!<br />Kasumi: Fine. But you know, destroyers played a different role in the war. Being a big battleship is sometimes a disadvantage, right Musashi-san?<br />Musashi: Indeed, once they saw me, everyone starts to bombard me with everything they have and even though I can take much beating; I don’t want to undergo such situation ever again.<br />Kasumi: See, even Musashi-san has a point. So Kiyoshimo, could you not be envious about that 2nd remodel business. Asides, Naganami isn’t eligible yet to receive her 2nd remodel.<br />Kiyoshimo: Eh?<br />Musashi: Looks like it will be a lot of work for the admiral once he gets back.<br />Kasumi: If he ever considers doing more work than the usual. I’ll be glad. But usually, he doesn’t.<br />Kiyoshimo: That, I can agree…

And the three just continued running despite the cool breeze that blow in the area. After all, they won’t be getting cold anyways.

And thus, despite the absence of the Admiral, the naval base and its people worked just fine minus the expeditions that would normally take place. After all, the head of the whole expedition fleet is with the Admiral and she is truly taking a day off. But nonetheless, if there are some issues around the naval base, there are still some people they can run to.



==Yuugumo’s extra duty==

Yuugumo who was also invited to go with the Admiral on his return trip back on his home has rejected his offer because she doesn’t deserve it anymore and she gave her right to the most unwilling girl ever.

Right now, she is acting as the mediator whenever there is a trouble that needed to be mediated.


===Case A: Nowaki===

Yuugumo: Right now, why are you two quite… scandalous?<br />Arashi: But Hagi said that there wasn’t anyone around so we decided to do that.<br />Hagikaze: indeed.<br />Yuugumo: What did you two do anyways?<br />Arashi: We were just playing pretend with me as The Admiral and Hagi here is acting as Nowaki<br />Yuugumo: Nowaki? Not Maikaze-san?<br />Arashi: Indeed. Asides, Maikaze’s love for the Admiral is already known so…<br />Hagi: We wanted to tease Nowaki so…

On the corner of the room, Nowaki who was sighing can’t help but feel mad at the two since Maikaze was invited but she wasn’t. Somehow, Nowaki felt that she was cheated.

Yuugumo: Nowaki, I believe that there is a mistake in some point so I’ll contact the Admiral just for you.<br />Nowaki: Really? Wait, I am not looking forward to this.<br />Yuugumo: Drop the tsundere act. Asides, I knew that your longing for him… you are also longing for that moment where the two of you are alone in the middle of nowhere where you will seduce him and…<br />Nowaki: On second thought, I better not entrust it to you.<br />Yuugumo: You are no fun. But, I know you have envisioned it inside your head. You are pretty much a helpless girl when it comes to aggressive tactics. I bet you and Maikaze-san will be dominated quickly in bed.<br />Nowaki: I’m leaving.<br />Yuugumo: Anyways, the phone is here.

Yuugumo gave Nowaki the phone and moments later, Nowaki’s serious expression changed a bit and the three witnessed a young woman in whose emotions of joy and love was in full bloom. After the call, Nowaki reverted to her old persona and gave the phone to Yuugumo who had a smirk on her face.

Nowaki: Anyways, Maikaze will come and pick me up today. Thanks for your help.<br />Yuugumo: With pleasure. Anyways, you really looked like a woman-in-love a while ago.<br />Nowaki: What do you mean?<br />Yuugumo: Well…

As she snapped her fingers, Kiyoshimo came and gave an envelope to Yuugumo and Kiyoshimo vanished in an instant. Yuugumo opened the envelope and she pulled out its contents which happened to be a photo which was newly developed.

Yuugumo: Look at yourself.

Arashi and Hagikaze peeked and they were smiling to see Nowaki made that expression. Nowaki on the other hand was bewildered.

Nowaki: Destroy that!<br />Yuugumo: Well, I can’t. I must send this to the Admiral.<br />Nowaki: No. Please, don’t!!!<br />Yuugumo: C’mon, there’s nothing wrong with this. As a matter of fact, the Admiral might have his heart skipped a beat if he ever saw that.<br />Nowaki: No!!!

And Nowaki failed to retrieve the photo as Yuugumo has already send the photo via delivery.<br />A few hours later, Maikaze came and picked Nowaki up and they head out of the base already.



===Case B: Visitors===

Yuugumo: Umm… who are you and why are you here?<br />Oxalis: I was looking for Onii-chan and I made it here.<br />Yuugumo: Onii-chan? Is that the admiral?<br />Oxalis: No, Onii-chan is a girl too. But her boobs are quite pitiful.<br />Yuugumo: Haah… Anyways, I doubt you can find your onii-chan here. After all, it’s a naval base and how come you have arrived here?<br />Oxalis: There’s a portal in the mountains and it haven’t closed at all. I occasionally came out from there to look for onii-chan. Asides, The Knight Commander has promised me to reunite me with my onii-chan but since I want to do this on my own, I also do some independent search for me to find her.<br />Yuugumo: I see.

Soon, another person came to the office<br />Christmas Begonia: There you are. I am looking for you.<br />Oxalis: Ack. You found me.

Oxalis opens her umbrella and soon, the wind blows hard and the counselor’s office’s windows have opened and Oxalis made her daring escape while her umbrella carries her away.

Christmas Begonia: What! Not again…<br />Yuugumo who was just standing around didn’t understand what in the world has happened and now, two girls have vanished and all she can do is sigh around as she lost info on the visitors that arrived.

Yuugumo: Oh well, I guess some weirdos came here from time to time.


===Case C: Visitors B===

Yuugumo is once more talking to someone she has no knowledge of.

Yuugumo: Anyways, I have no idea who is that lord you speak of.<br />Hamada: It’s fine, even if you don’t have an idea who lord is, I can sense his power lie in here. I can say that he has here for quite some time. Anyways, milord is a guy who had a very good reputation to Senko-san and Yakumo-san. Not to mention our Wakimoto is so attached to him that she goes here from time to time to meet him.<br />Yuugumo: I see. (She must have been referring to the Admiral then.)<br />Hamada: Anyways, I want to meet him.<br />Yuugumo: Why?<br />Hamada: I am here to pay my respects to him. That’s why; I have brought these with me.

Hamada puts a basket in the table. It was a big basket and when Yuugumo tried to carry it, she had difficulty carrying it.

Yuugumo: Heavy, what is this?<br />Hamada: Well, I don’t want to reveal its contents unless to milord or to Shishou but…

Hamada raises up the cover a bit and instantly, Yuugumo’s face was glistened with gold. Hamada drops down the cover and the gold shine vanished too.

Yuugumo: Hey…<br />Hamada: What is it?<br />Yuugumo: This isn’t feudal times so…<br />Hamada: I know, he can keep them first and then. He can exchange them one by one.<br />Yuugumo: Not that explanation I was looking for but… aren’t you a princess in your land?<br />Hamada: Princess? Nope. We are nothing more but milord’s sword and shield.<br />Yuugumo: I see… (I don’t get it.)<br />Hamada: Anyways, please I’ll take my leave then. I shall come and meet milord once again.

And so, the visitor named Hamada made her exit and soon Yuugumo dropped her shoulder as she didn’t know what to do with the basket of gold coins which sits right in front of her.

Yuugumo: I don’t know who is she but this smells trouble if I just keep it around here.

And Yuugumo did her best to hide the said basket of gold. She contacted the Admiral and soon, she was notified that the Admiral knew Hamada.


===Case D: ???===

Yuugumo: So…

Yuugumo stares at the sea. For some reason, she was standing above the sea as she doesn’t wear any of her gear.

Yuugumo: This must have been a mistake… or a dream.

She felt that she was being played at so she pinched her cheek and she woke up and noticed that there were aroma candles in the office and they were all lit.

Yuugumo: That Kazagumo, even though I told her not to do so, she did it anyways. Also, the maker came from the person named Heliotrope, I wonder what kind of person Heliotrope is.

And so, Yuugumo have relaxed a bit after that nap of hers. So far, no troubles in her part; but who knows when she’ll be busy again.



==<br />Wakaba and Hatsushimo: In the city + Fujinami==

As they have been summoned to come with the Admiral, the two happily complied to his wishes and now, they are currently living in his home along with some from the base. But despite that, the number of rooms that was left unused is still quite a lot which made them wonder if the doors were connected to some kind of a pocket dimension.

Anyways, the two didn’t had the time to do it and thus, they were currently outside as they survey the nearby park.

Hatsushimo: But you know, I never once thought of being invited here. I guess I can say that something might happen.<br />Wakaba: Hush Hatsushimo. We are also now a part of him, that’s why it’s fine to accept it the way it is. Asides…<br />Wakaba picks up the ball and kicks it towards the other direction.

Wakaba: It would be rude to decline his request if that’s what he really wanted.<br />Hatsushimo: Indeed. Anyways, I feel sorry for Fujinami-san. She was just forced to attend due to Yuugumo-san’s wish.<br />Wakaba: not really. I bet deep inside, Fujinami wanted to be here. But, she just as unwilling as ever since she knows that she will not be invited anyways.<br />Hatsushimo: If that’s the case… I, 2…

Hatsushimo picked up another stray ball and she throws it towards the kids’ direction, the kids thanked her for doing it.

Hatsushimo: Won’t it be better if she is just honest to herself?<br />Wakaba: That… I can’t…<br />Fujinami: You two, I know you are making some meaningful conversation here but…

Fujinami who was just also listening to them can’t help but feel distracted since there were a lot of kids in the area and they were getting interrupted in their talks as balls, sand and even clay fly from both sides.<br />Fujinami: This is a frigging playground, let’s get out of here or rent some Karaoke and sing our hearts out.

Soon, Hatsushimo and Wakaba agreed to Fujinami’s request and soon, the three get out of the animal rides and they went towards the city to where Kazagumo is making a deal with the devil (Akigumo).

Fujinami: Also… It’s not like I am totally obliged to listen to Yuugumo-nee’s words. I rather follow Naganami-neesan’s commands.<br />Hatsushimo: Well, it’s fine. Yuugumo-san has been taking care of us reserves. No need to worry about that.<br />Wakaba: But Hatsushimo, you are not a reserve. You are a part of the secondary force.<br />Fujinami: Whatever, and why you two keep using me as a gossip object while I am beside you two?<br />Wakaba: it’s fun to tease people.<br />Hatsushimo: Indeed.<br />Fujinami: Cut it out!

And the three started running towards the cityscape as they receive a call from Kazagumo that she already booked a place to sing. The three of them run happily as they forget all the worries they all have in their hearts.<br />



==Dance with the Deadline==

Akigumo who have finished her doujins on the 24th tries to find Kazagumo but she didn’t saw her at all.

Akigumo: Kazagumo-chan?

Soon, Yuugumo arrived and she gave her phone to Akigumo. Akigumo forgot that Kazagumo is already with the Admiral at this point and all she can do is to find some replacements in terms of getting the work done.

Akigumo: NO!!! I won’t make it!!! No!!!<br />Yuugumo: You know Akigumo, instead of panicking, you need to find someone who can do what Kazagumo-chan can.<br />Akigumo: Right.<br />Yuugumo: What does Kazagumo do after you finished your product?<br />Akigumo: She contacts the printers and have them printed ASAP. Normally, she would email it to them so she’ll pick them up on the 26th. Also, she also has secured my venue and so far, All I need now is someone who will update my webpage since Kazagumo-chan did everything in her power to maintain it. Also, she also did my twitter and…<br />Yuugumo: You are too dependent on Kazagumo!!!<br />Akigumo: Sorry.<br />Yuugumo: Anyways. Let’s email that copy to the printers and hopefully, we can get them on the 26th. Also, Okinami can do something about your website and you can do some little promotion on your twitter. Understood?<br />Akigumo: Yes ma’am!!!

And so, Yuugumo contacted the printers and she made an apology for the late delivery of Akigumo’s doujins and after that, Okinami who haven’t got a wink of sleep was bribed with photos of the Admiral taking a bath and Okinami soon drinks another bottle of Red Bull and she immediately updated Akigumo’s webpage.

Akigumo opens her twitter and she was surprised that Kazagumo has done a lot of things for her and yet Kazagumo didn’t complain at all. Even so, what surprised Akigumo is that Kazagumo’s manner of advertisement is totally good.

Akigumo: I never knew… That Kazagumo-chan is quite a good person.<br />Yuugumo: As expected from the Admiral’s mistress.<br />Akigumo: I do hope you are not making any negative comments on that term.<br />Yuugumo: Anyways, I am surprised myself too…<br />Akigumo: Really?<br />Yuugumo: For someone as capable as her, why is she mediocre at cooking? Is she a career woman?<br />Akigumo: That, I can’t answer…

And so, after Akigumo awkwardly wrote her promotional tweet, Akigumo breathe a sigh of relief since everything is now over.

Akigumo: Thank you Yuugumo-san, want to come with me in selling those?<br />Yuugumo: No.<br />Akigumo: Figures.<br />Yuugumo: Since you are selling Kazagumo doujins too, convince her to sell those while wearing the dress… Ufufufu.<br />Akigumo: Right.

And so, Yuugumo contacted Kazagumo and Kazagumo agreed to meet with Akigumo on a certain popular café.

Akigumo: Here is the schedule for the Market…<br />Kazagumo: I see. Anyways, did you all managed to pull through?<br />Akigumo: Yes. It’s all thanks to Yuugumo-san’s intervention.<br />Kazagumo: I see. She really is good at helping others. I must get better too.<br />Akigumo: eh?<br />Akigumo realized that Kazagumo has been chasing Yuugumo’s shadow all these times and Yuugumo is already recognizing Kazagumo’s skill and yet… they were in an endless cycle of chasing each other’s back as if it was a joke.

Soon, Akigumo can’t help herself but to laugh at the reality she has learned.

Akigumo: (I got it now… Kazagumo-chan is chasing on Yuugumo-san’s achievement. And Yuugumo-san is already acknowledging Kazagumo’s efforts.)<br />Kazagumo: What’s funny Akigumo?<br />Akigumo: Nothing. Anyways, you want to come and sell the comics?<br />Kazagumo: Oh well, what can you do without me?<br />Akigumo: Right, please wear an apron too… I bet we can sell well.<br />Kazagumo: If you say so.

And thus, Kazagumo and Akigumo have finalized their talks and later, it will be remembered as the day when Kazagumo deals with the devil.



==A tale of 2 drinkers==

Zara and Pola were currently on a stroll in a strange place. According to Pola, that was the place where she has drunk a very delicious wine that she hasn’t drank before. Of course, since the Admiral isn’t around; Zara must join Pola in her booze tour.

Soon, they have arrived in a tavern in a middle of nowhere.

Pola: Oh wow, this is the place. The Admiral brought me here once.<br />Zara: Pola, where are we?<br />Pola: I really can’t recall but… I guess we are at the Flower Garden.<br />Zara: Flower Garden?<br />Pola: Don’t sweat the small stuff. You will like it anyways.

Soon, when they enter the door; everyone inside greeted them, rather; They all looked happy to see 2 girls coming in to drink.

Zara: It stinks. Why are we here again?<br />Pola: C’mon now. Master, Beer for two.

Soon, the beer master took out 2 big mugs and gave them to Zara and Pola.<br />Pola: Now, now Zara-neesan, the treat is on me.<br />Zara: You better be.<br />And so, the two started to drink beer as if they were no pushovers.

After chugging down 3 mugs of beer, the door opens and 2 more ladies came in.<br />Hop: Excuse us!<br />Heather: Excuse us!!!

The whole crowd goes wild as another pair of women came in to drink. Soon, they sat beside Zara and Pola and soon…

Pola: I remember you…<br />Hop: So do I…

Soon, Zara can’t help but feel bad for anything that would happen in the future but she was stopped by Heather who was just watching how the two interact.

Heather: I believe this is the first time we met. So, where is Hiro-san?<br />Zara: Hiro-san? The Admiral!?<br />Heather: Yeah. I guess that’s what you girls call him on that side. Anyways; where is he?<br />Zara: He is at his hometown. Anyways, am here to put a leash on my idiotic sister of mine who is nothing more but a drunkard all day long.<br />Heather: I see. Well then, I guess you are truly concerned for her. Anyways, don’t worry about that. Those two are quite good buddies.<br />Zara: Is that so?<br />Heather: Yes. Asides, Hiro-san has already notified me that Pola might come here. And it looks like he is point-on with his prediction.<br />Zara: Umm… how can he contact you. I don’t see any tele-

Heather pulls out her phone with a talisman attached on top of it.

Zara: Techno-magic?<br />Heather: I really don’t know. But according to Heliotrope, it makes communication easier since we don’t have anything that can relay messages asides from mailmen.<br />Zara: Heliotrope?<br />Heather: She is a maid and currently, she is on the other side managing Hiro-san’s assets. From time to time, Hiro-san meet her and I have no idea what they do since that girl won’t say anything to us.<br />Zara: Then I will just assume that Heliotrope-san is just receiving her reward then.<br />Heather: Oh my! Have you received it?<br />Zara: of course, no… I mean… He is busy and there’s a lot of competitor…<br />Heather: But you know. If you like him, then just go and grab that opportunity. I mean, if you delay things… it might get too late for you.<br />Zara: Then, Thanks for your Advice.<br />Heather: You’re welcome.

Soon, the Pola and Hop stood on their seats.<br />Heather: Oh. Looks like it’s time.<br />Zara: What is it this time?

Immediately, Pola unbuttons her uniform and it revealed her bountiful harvest to everyone.<br />Pola: You want a piece of me? Then go and get it!!!<br />Hop: I’ll help you too my beer buddy.

And soon, the whole tavern was on a state of chaos as Pola and Hop managed to avoid everyone and punch the guys as they try to take advantage of their alcohol intoxication. Even so, the guys can’t touch them and in the end, everyone is lying on the floor with a smile on their face.

Pola: Weaklings!!! Hic~<br />Hop: You guys are 10,000,000 years too young to touch Pola’s harvest.

Zara can only keep her mouth shut as she witnesses a storm that have passed inside the tavern and even so, it was surprising that no one was totally injured in that exchange.

Heather: Hop, it’s time for us to go.<br />Hop: Eh? But it’s not yet…<br />Heather: You have something to do remember?<br />Hop: Right.<br />Heather looks at Zara and she winks at her as she gives her number to Zara.

Heather: Zara-san, if you or Pola-san got lost in the Flower Garden, please contact us and we’ll entertain you. Also, please tell Hiro-san to visit us from time to time.<br />Zara: Okay.<br />Heather: Anyways, Master; Here is everyone’s pay.

Heather tosses a bag of gold coins to the master of the tavern and Zara was surprised with the things that are happening.

Heather: Anyways, I am a flower knight so, paying for everyone’s drink is just a miniscule amount to the money I earned per mission.

And the two made their exit at the door. Zara then fixes Pola’s clothes and exits the Tavern, the master didn’t ask for their payment and it seems that Pola didn’t have gold coins to pay for her drinks.

Pola: Zara-neesan, where are we going next?<br />Zara: home. And you need to tell me everything that happened when you and the Admiral met them.<br />Pola: Eh? But that’s a bother…<br />Zara: I don’t care. Why a beauty like Heather-san is so close to the Admiral… I want to know why.

And Pola tried to diffuse Zara’s temper but no matter what she does, she can’t burn away the curiosity Zara has for the Heather and thus, she revealed it to her in no time.



==A tale of not fighting==

Yuubari is currently closing her workstation when Kagerou came while carrying cans of beer she smuggled from the carrier dorm.

Kagerou: Yo.<br />Yuubari: Senpai. What brought you here?<br />Kagerou: Drop that senpai business, I look younger than you and I think I might feel too old if you still use that on me.<br />Yuubari: Sorry. I must have been too casual on you.<br />Kagerou: Don’t worry. It’s not like Hiro is here to interrupt us.<br />Yuubari: Indeed. Anyways, will you be fine with that?<br />Kagerou: Sadly, my body can’t take hard drinks anymore so this will suffice for me.<br />Yuubari: Alright.

Soon, Kagerou and Yuubari took one can and they both opened it at the same time.

Yuubari: So, how are you faring? It’s been a year and a half since you came here.<br />Kagerou: I am fine. Hiro is nice and everyone in the fleet is nice to me. Well, Since I have it too easy, I wonder if I should do what Shiranui-san does. I can see excitement in her work.<br />Yuubari: But Shiranui-san is semi-retired so, you really can’t do that.<br />Kagerou: Right. Anyways, you came here a year and a half ago too, right?<br />Yuubari: Yes. But even so; I am nothing more than just Akashi-san’s helper.<br />Kagerou: Indeed. But you do well. Also…

Kagerou gave Yuubari a piece of report paper.

Kagerou: According to sources, the HQ is plotting something again.<br />Yuubari: But don’t HQ always do that most of the time?<br />Kagerou: Indeed. But…<br />Soon, Yuubari felt that it was indeed off but she really can’t tell much since it is not her expertise after all.

Kagerou: Ah, this is bad, my inferring skills have lowered after getting this body. I guess I’ll let Hiro see this too. And for now, let’s drink the night away.<br />Yuubari: indeed. He might have an answer for that.

And as the two have toast, the winter wind blew and yet, the two girls didn’t mind it as they drink beer while laughing like idiots. Bit to Kurogane who have been watching them, it is a sign that they are quite just fine since it’s been a long time since the two have talked casually.

Shoukaku: Is there a matter?<br />Kurogane: Nothing. It’s a rare occasion for me to see Kagerou and Yuubari talking like that.<br />Shoukaku: I see. Those two knew one another back in the army, right?<br />Kurogane: Not much. But we are all brought together by Hiro so…<br />Shoukaku: I see…

And the two of them walk towards the meeting room to where a conference is being held.



==A tale of fighting==

Dating a few years back, it was a time when Hiro just joined the military and no one has discovered his ruthless talent. It was a story about a fledgling named Yuubari and a girl who will later become a ship girl known as Kagerou.

Right now, they are doing a mock battle where both were wielding plastic knives and they are at a combat stance.

Yuubari: I am afraid that I might win this one.<br />???: Are you sure? I might be incapable of combat but don’t underestimate my ability as a soldier.<br />Yuubari: Really. Well then, don’t cry if I ever beat you. You might be my superior officer, but in this battlefield; our ranks didn’t matter.

Immediately, Yuubari runs into action as she makes her first movement. As Yuubari thrust her knife forward, ??? blocked it with her knife and landed a knee on Yuubari’s abdomen. Yuubari immediately backs off and she felt slight pain that was left on her abdomen.

Yuubari: That attack just now… I felt it.<br />???: Surprisingly, I feel like I have attacked a concrete wall.

The two have smiled at one another as they gauge each other’s strengths and weaknesses. Given Yuubari’s quite well-built nature, ??? might be in trouble since her offense isn’t quite strong on its own.

???: I guess I should do that move then.

Immediately, ??? vanished and she appeared behind Yuubari and applied a palm strike to her back, Yuubari felt the pressure from behind her and she stepped sideways to avoid the damage, but even if she managed to dodge it, winds cut her cheeks and fresh blood drips from it.

???: Impressive. I am starting to think you are not a mechanic<br />Yuubari: I am starting to thing you are a fighter of a great caliber.<br />???: It’s a pleasure then. But even so, there are some people I can’t beat no matter how strong and cunning I am.<br />Yuubari: Like who?<br />???: Those who have the title of one-man army.<br />Soon, ??? and Yuubari resumed fighting.

As the battle wages on, Yuubari gets back to the corner as ???’s attack gets faster and faster and immediately, Yuubari’s defenses crumbles and when Yuubari’s back is on the wall, the knife came and it stopped right before her neck.

???: Checkmate.

Yuubari’s sweat dripped as her arms were sore from blocking all attacks from ??? and despite ???’s multiple attacks, Yuubari has managed to tank 667 strikes before her defenses gave up.

Yuubari: I give up. I guess I am not cut to fight after all.<br />???: So do I. Let’s us get someone who will do fighting and be our bodyguard.<br />Yuubari: Won’t be the Vanguard enough?<br />???: Kuro-san is useless at times. We need someone who has the same caliber as a one-man army.<br />Yuubari: Where can we find one then?<br />???: I guess we can look at the new recruits then.

And so, a few years after that mock battle, they discovered a soldier who have single-handedly annihilate the enemy army and he was then recruited by ??? and her folks. That will later be reformed as the 4th mechanical squadron in which a lot of things will happen then which will change everyone’s future; But that is a different tale altogether.



==Kotatsu tales==

Roma, Iowa, Richelieu and Musashi are all inside the Kotatsu and currently under a heated discussion.

Roma: This Kotatsu, is a place where we need to mass produce in Italia!<br />Iowa: Indeed, we need to get these too at America and have them use it too.<br />Richelieu: Anyways, why is it that it really draws us inside of this piece of supreme machine.<br />Musashi: Indeed. This Kotatsu is a heavenly invention with the purpose of making or cold winters warm<br />Roma: Musashi-san, I always wonder… Do you even feel cold with what you are wearing? I know Iowa wears Haramaki too.<br />Iowa: How rude. I don’t wear something as unfashionable as a Haramaki!<br />Richelieu: *Yawn*<br />Musashi: I don’t get cold. Asides, I have an engine with me.

Soon, a fairy came from Musashi’s hair as it rests on it.

Roma: I see… so a turbine does the trick.<br />Musashi: Indeed. Anyways, Iowa, would you want to get one too?<br />Iowa: I am fine. Anyways, Roma; does your sister gets cold too? I mean she was wearing a Santa costume.<br />Roma: She does feel cold. I think she used a boiler for that. Anyways, why you two looked at me as if I was a ghost?<br />Iowa: Well… Your costume really looks cold. So, how come you are fine?<br />Musashi: Indeed. I am quite envious of how you managed to stay that way even though you didn’t carry a boiler. Tell me, how did you managed to pull off as a snowman?<br />Roma: Snowman?

Roma immediately recall the events that transpired last year as everyone talks to the snowman as if it was Roma.

Roma: Not this shit again…<br />Iowa: Anyways, tell us how to be warm despite that appearance.<br />Roma: I tell you folks that it’s not me, Dammit.<br />Musashi: Roma is quite magnanimous to deny that. Don’t worry. You really did quite well as Italia’s snowman.<br />Roma: I give up. I might have been dealing with idiots all along.

Soon, Warspite arrived along with Arc Royale while carrying New Year’s soba. Along with them were Italia and Graf Zeppelin.

Warspite: Sorry for the delay. Here is the New Year’s soba.<br />Iowa: Where is Sara?<br />Warspite: I believe she is talking to the Admiral over the phone.<br />Iowa: Is that so. Leave her be. After all, she is a woman-in-love.<br />Musashi: Did Yamato say what time she’ll come here?<br />Graf Zeppelin: She said after she have given everyone their share of New Year’s soba.<br />Musashi: Then, it won’t be long until she joined us. We must thank the Admiral for the fireworks display.<br />All: Indeed.<br />Arc Royal: I do hope Bismarck-san is here when that happens.<br />Graf Zeppelin: I do hope you don’t traumatize her when you welcome her…

Soon, the clock is already at 11:45PM and soon, a new, fresh year will start for the rest of the world.



==Sagiri and Kamikaze==

It was night and the two met on the hallway as they wander inside the Admiral’s house.

Kamikaze: Oh.<br />Sagiri: Hmm?<br />Kamikaze: It would be the first time the two of us would speak to one another, right?<br />Sagiri: Indeed. Well, I am losing my confidence a bit since you are quite gorgeous.<br />Kamikaze: You flatter me too much. You are gorgeous too.

Immediately, silence came to their conversation as they were feeling awkward at one another.

Sagiri: Well… I think let’s talk somewhere else. The attic seems to be free.<br />Kamikaze: Right.<br />And thus, the two of them walk towards the attic.

The attic was said to be a place where most of the stuff which was left unused were stored and thus, it is a place where enthusiasts like Sazanami and Samidare would love to dig for some dregs of history Hiro has. But, the main charm of the said place is that it can see the ocean from afar.

Kamikaze: This place is quite good.<br />Sagiri: indeed.

As they find a place where they can sit, Sagiri stumbled on a box and soon, its contents were exposed to her.

Sagiri: This is!!!<br />Kamikaze: What is it!?<br />Sagiri: Could it be that this is what they call a porn mag?

Kamikaze then took the said reference and she browsed through it underneath the light of the moonlight which illuminates the whole room.

Kamikaze: I see… so Hiro’s taste is totally into…<br />Sagiri: Indeed. I am ashamed of myself in this accord.<br />Kamikaze: Well then, how do we deal with this situation?<br />Sagiri: I heard from the others that a massage will do the trick.<br />Kamikaze: Massage!?<br />Sagiri: Well, I think it’s effective but… It should be Hiro-san who would do the massage.<br />Kamikaze: That’s…<br />Sagiri: Hmm…<br />As the two ponders, the door opens and they were surprised to see a girl who was wearing her pajamas arrive at this place.

Kazagumo: Oh, this is where you two are. Hiro-san said that we should go and see the fireworks.<br />Sagiri: Right. Anyways, Kazagumo-san, what if the Admiral’s taste in girls happen to be…<br />Kazagumo: different? I don’t mind. Asides, he told me that he loves me. Isn’t that enough not to be worried?

Soon, Kamikaze and Sagiri breathes a sigh of relief as someone amazing like Kazagumo gave them a very concrete answer.

Kazagumo: I know its rude for me to say this but, I did ask him when I saw that magazine.<br />Kamikaze: I see… Anyways, where are they right now?<br />Kazagumo: Downstairs. Crap! I must change my clothes too. I was so tired that I after changing into my Pajamas, I slept like a log all day.

Soon, Kazagumo rushes out to change her clothing; Sagiri and Kamikaze returns the magazine back to its place and closes the box gently so that anyone who would stumble upon it will see it right in front of their eyes.

While it is pointless for them to think about it anymore, since they were loved despite their imperfectness, it was enough for them to continue to believe that they were both loved.

Kamikaze: Right, I forgot to ask of you. Does that mean that Hiro likes younger girls then?<br />Sagiri: That… I really don’t know…

And then, the two simply walk forward until they were greeted by Kazagumo who have already changed clothes and the three now started to head towards the rest to where they’ll watch the fireworks display.



==Epilogue:==

Samidare and Sazanami woke up early and it was already the new year. While they roam around the house, they saw Kinugasa and Kumano drinking along with Choukai and Naka.

Samidare: Isn’t this too early for that?<br />Kinugasa: Early, rather; we haven’t slept.<br />Sazanami: I see. Anyways, should I help then?<br />Kumano: Kids like you aren’t allowed to drink booze.<br />Sazanami: I do recall I am older than you… in real life.<br />Kumano: But your body isn’t.

Sazanami’s brow twitched for a bit but she decided not to force the issue anymore.<br />Choukai: Anyways, where is Hiro-san?<br />Naka: I heard he is currently talking to the people at the base.<br />Kinugasa: That’s gotta take a while. Anyways, Sazanami… I mean Akari; you can drink a bit. Aoi, join us too.<br />Samidare: Alright.<br />Sazanami: If this is okay then.

The two immediately get their drinks and soon, they raised their glasses and made a toast to one another.

Naka: Here is for a better 2018 for all of us.<br />ALL: CHEERS!!!

As the they hit each other’s glasses, they all drink its contents and soon, they all welcomed the year with a smile on their faces. And thus, starting the year with a busy comeback.

End.
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]