==Roma==
'''''"I woke up to the world where there is a view of such clear blue sky. There are birds flew by and air is not that fresh. Compared to the view I last saw, this is more beautiful than the skies I saw back in Italy. I wonder, how was my homeland? Was my country able to fight even without me? Did my motherland survived the war? I really wonder. Why this world has a different feel to it? Why do I feel that my spirit is resurfacing and making a transformation? As I wonder, I came out to the world and was given a body. To their surprise, To my surprise...'''''

'''''I was reborn into this world."'''''



'''Kongou''': It's Roma... Right?

'''Roma''': ''di dove sei?'' [Who are you?]

'''Kongou''': Oh Shit! I forgot that she is an Italian.

'''Ushio''': No need to swear Kongou-san. Now that she is here, The Admiral will be glad because we bring him such exciting news. Plus, He might praise you for the hard work.

'''Kongou''': Yes! With this I can capture Admiral's heart.

'''Samidare''': Ehem! I doubt about that Kongou-san.

'''Kongou''': Yikes, I forgot that the lover is also here!



I watch how these ships are talking to one another. Somehow, there's life and there was really peace in this world. But, As I look around me, I saw the remains of Humanoid Figures like me who are wrecked and damaged.


'''Roma''': ''Posso chiedere? Dove siamo adesso?'' [May I ask? Where are we right now?]

'''Ushio''': ...

'''Samidare''': Kongou-san, can you understand Italian?

'''Kongou''': I don't. But, When we bring her to Littorio, maybe we can understand her and also, Admiral has that Universal language converter. It might help us in understanding her.

'''Samidare''': okay.

'''Kitakami''': Guys, Let's clean up now. The Admiral orders us to return base, the main fleet is getting their chills for they are waiting for us in this open sea in the middle of the night.

'''Others''': Okay.

''Samidare went and held Roma's hand.''

'''Samidare''': '''''It's fine, Littorio is there too. You are not alone.''''' [english]

'''Kongou''': !? (she can speak English too!)

''and the fleet has returned to base.''


==Roma's entry==

''I was on my way to a certain base where even though it's still night time, There are activities happening all night long.''

''Then, a certain Light cruiser greeted me, of course I still can't understand her at all because I am not familiar with the language they are using.''

'''Sendai''': Ahhh... Now that the hunt is over, I can never have fun again!

'''Roma''': ...

'''Kirishima''': Sendai-san, I believe our foreign ship-girl can't understand you at all.

'''Sendai''': Well, a foreigner is a foreigner after all, I just want to complain on how much work I'll be having after I return to the expedition team once more.

'''Kirishima''': Well, You are a great team leader despite being a idiot.

'''Sendai''': What did you say!? Let's take this outside!

'''Kirishima''': You'll never see the night ever again!!!



''a Destroyer approached the fighting Duo.''

'''Arare''': Stop it you two, you are being rude to her.

'''Sendai''': Sorry.

'''Kirishima''': Sorry about that too. (Why do we apologize to her anyways.)

'''Arare''': By the way, Roma-san; the Admiral is expecting you.

'''Roma''': ...

'''Arare''': Oh! Sendai-san and Kirishima-san, where is Samidare-san?

'''Sendai''': She is sleeping now.

'''Kirishima''': That girl, she is already too tired after that too much work. I hope she doesn't broke down.

'''Arare''': Don't worry about her. Aftereall, She is the also one of the partners the Admiral chose.

'''Kirishima''': I can't deny that. I wish he can look at us Battleships too.

'''Arare''': Well, I don't know much about that... Onii... Admiral is afterall, a mean guy.

'''Sendai''': Just now, you are about to call him Onii-chan; right.

'''Arare''': I slipped my tongue.

'''Sendai''': Why you!

'''Arare''': I better run now... Kirishima, take her to the Admiral.

'''Kirishima''': Okay. (In the end, I am the one who will bring her to that strange admiral. But he is not that bad at all.)

''Arare run and Sendai gives chase...''



'''Kirishima''': (holds Roma's Hand) Let's go meet the Admiral.

''We went to the office of the Admiral.''



==The Raven...==

'''Kirishima''': Admiral, I brought her already. Hmmm?

'''Hiro''': Zzzzzz...

'''Sazanami''': Master, wake up. They are here!

'''Hiro''': (wokes up) Good morning! Sorry if I am asleep. I was awake all night long making strategies.

'''Kirishima''': Admiral, I am going now.

'''Hiro''': Take care. Oh, You can stay for now.

'''Kirishima''': Really?

'''Sazanami''': Hey... I thought you're never going to raise flags. right?

'''Hiro''': Nope. That's not what I had in mind. I have an announcement to make and I need her to deliver the news.

'''Kirishima''': ...(I thought he will personally thank me. Oh well, That was nice if he didn't said that.)

'''Sazanami''': Welcome to the Raven's base! This guy who just woke up is the unreliable Admiral of this base. he is
Admiral Raven. Though he was kinda new to this position, he had managed to clear the Second campaign.

'''Hiro''': ''Benvenuto! I am Ammiraglio Rave del Raven's base. Questa bambina con capelli rosa è Sazanami. Ella è temporaneamente il mio.e il mio partner nel crimine. Essa è il vice segretario e si occupa quasi tutto il lavoro. Se avete problemi, potete consultare la sua per alcuni consigli. E se avete altri problemi, consultare Samidare o la ragazza con capelli blu, o a tua sorella Littorio.'' [Welcome! I am Admiral Rave of the Raven's base. This little girl with pink hair is Sazanami. She is temporarily my secretary and my partner in crime. She is the deputy secretary and she handles almost all work. If you have problems, you can consult her for some advice. And if you have other problems, go and consult Samidare or the girl with blue hair, or to your sister Littorio.]

'''Roma''': ''Littorio è qui?'' [Littorio is here?]

'''Hiro''': ''Sì. Lei è qui.'' [Yes, She is here.] Kirishima, bring her to Littorio's room.

'''Kirishima''': Okay.

'''Hiro''': One more thing Kirishima, This evening; We will have a grand party to celebrate the end of the campaign. Today, you can have your rest.

'''Kirishima''': Thank you sir!

'''Hiro''': Dismissed.

''Kirishima took Roma by the hand and brought her to Littorio's room.''

_________________________________________________________

'''Hiro''': Sazanami, Did you understand what we are talking about?

'''Sazanami''': I didn't understand anything at all, Master.

'''Hiro''': Well, that's a fact. you probably needed a translator device like me, Or Roma had to wear one.

'''Sazanami''': Master, It's up to you.

'''Hiro''': Well then. Let's go and sleep now. I know you are tired already.

'''Sazanami''': Well, I am to fall asleep too. Master, can we do that today?

'''Hiro''': Nope. I can't look tired at the party.

'''Sazanami''': Booo!

''The Admiral and Sazanami Retired for the day.''


==Littorio and Roma==

[Disclaimer: I will not put Italian here for it's definitely tiresome and since the translation I used is somehow not
that accurate. It's better to write this in the easiest convention. But let's assume that since it's Roma and Littorio
are the one's doing the talk, we can assume that they talk in Italian.]

''Kirishima brought Roma to Littorio's room.''

'''Roma''': Nee-san!

'''Littorio''': Roma-chan! It's been a while!

'''Roma''': How nice to see you here. Say, how's the journey?

'''Littorio''': Just like you, I wake up to this world and to see that I have this body already. Say, you already saw the Admiral... Right?

'''Roma''': Yeah. but, he was kinda unreliable.

'''Littorio''': oh. So you met him while he is sleeping. It really must be hard for him.

'''Roma''': Hard?

'''Littorio''': You see, You are actually his 2nd priority... He was Aiming for U-511.

'''Roma''': A German U-boat? How preposterous.

'''Littorio''': But in the end, he didn't get her. Instead... He got you as a result of his hard work.

'''Roma''': ... I wonder.

'''Littorio''': well, you juts see his unreliable side to you. Normally, He is strict about that, but he did show that a few times too. But maybe this time, His Secretary was almost asleep too, so he didn't had the time to prepare.

'''Roma''': You mean he was awake all the time Awaiting for result?

'''Littorio''': Oh my! Yup. he was awake all this time just to see that he got what he want.

'''Roma''': (... Somehow, My outlook on him has changed...)

'''Littorio''': But you see Roma-chan, Winning his heart is really difficult. Plus you have many competitors for the little time of his. I wonder if he ever look at us Battleships?

'''Roma''': Don't worry. I'll make sure he'll look at us battleships too!

'''Littorio''': Really? But will you do that for me?

'''Roma''': Eh!?

'''Littorio''': You know what Roma-chan, This old sister of yours is not really that much of a girly girl. But Even though I want to speak with him, I was always blocked by the Englishwoman.

'''Roma''': Oh, A Kongou-class battleship?

'''Littorio''': But since it's you, I think you have a chance. Say, are you perhaps falling for him?

'''Roma''': Of course no!

''Roma's words had weight back then... but after that, she realized that she will fall in-love after that one fateful day.''


==One Fateful day.==

''Summer...''

''it was the day where everyone was on their breaks.''

''Roma and Italia (formerly Littorio)were walking on the cityscape looking at the clothes that are displayed in the windows from a certain famous brand.''

'''Roma '''{who is wearing a language converter}: Nee-sama, What are we Doing here in this time and hour?

'''Italia''': {wearing a converter}: Well, Today is a day off. And since we had the money to use it on other necessities. I guess this is alright. By the way, I did invite the Admiral but he was already asleep. Probably from too much work.

'''Roma''': Nee-sama, Please don't let him see us in our casual clothing, He might attack us if we are unguarded.

'''Italia''': So you think the rumor circulating around the base was correct. Roma-chan, There are always rumors about someone. But see to it that you will only believe it once it is true.

'''Roma''': I'll keep it in mind.

'''Italia''': Then let's go. Uwah!

'''Hiro''': Oh! Sorry about that miss... Oh, Italia?

'''Italia''': My, It's the Admiral...

'''Roma''': (why was he here today. I thought he was sleeping?)

'''Hiro''': Well, I was asleep a few hours ago. But I woke up because I forgot that we don't have enough materials for next week. I need to have our supply of food secured for the next month.

'''Italia''': Well, well... Say Admiral...

'''Hiro''': Call me Hiro when we are not in the base. i don't want to be called by my rank outside.

'''Italia''': Well you can call me Claudia. and for Roma, You can call her Amor.

'''Hiro''': Got it. Say, why you two had names even though you were just born a few months ago?

'''Italia''': Because, I was envious to hear that there are some of us had names before joining in this naval base. I just created a name for the two of us.

'''Hiro''': I see.

'''Italia''': By the way Hiro-san, why are you here in front of the dress shop today?

'''Hiro''': I was finished procuring the necessary ingredients. So I am walking by and waiting for someone.

'''Italia''': Who were you waiting?

'''Hiro''': Well, Misa said she'll come around 4 PM. I guess I had too much time to kill. I better go to the Arcade.

'''Italia''': Why not join us in shopping for a while? Amor and I will choose some clothing before we go back to the base.

'''Roma''': Nee-sama, why are you bothering with...

'''Hiro''': Okay. I haven't talked to you two since the time you arrived at the base. I was busy and all plus my secretaries are driving all the people away.

'''Italia''': Well then, it's a date.

'''Hiro''': (I don't know if it's a good idea. But I hope Misa didn't see us if she decided to arrive at the early time.)

'''Roma''': (This guy... I wonder what kind of person was he.)

____________________________________________________________

''The three walked inside the shop.''

'''Italia''': Roma, Say... Since we are here. i guess it's time to score some points.

'''Roma''': But there's no way that I am falling for him.

'''Italia''': But he was nice and Very knightly, though he has a questionable taste in women. Why can't he see our charm?

'''Roma''': Well, I guess we'll never know.

Italia went inside the changing room and see if the clothes she picked is good.

'''Hiro''': Amor, How was the base, was it a bit hard to adjust to that considering that you two were the first foreigners in our base.

'''Roma''': Well, We didn't had a hard time adjusting. Nee-sama seems to love Fusou-san's Hair accessory.

'''Hiro''': The Pagoda tower. That was her signature accessory. Plus It really has that architectural charm that makes me unable to look away from it. Say, What did you like at the base?

'''Roma''': Well, there was nothing there I like nor I hate...

'''Hiro''': I see. (She must be bored.)

'''Roma''': Well, I ask of you... Are you a trust-worthy person?

'''Hiro''': Well, In the matters of trust, I can't say that I am trustworthy. My eyes makes others distrust me and my acts really makes others hate me for what I do. Though for the Ship-girls, they trust me so much that they don't even ask what kind of person I am. They really put their faith in me and my actions. How crazy, The pressure of me fulfilling their trust is really heavy. I hope someone can have the courage to distrust me a bit.

'''Roma''': I don't trust you at all. In the end, I might sink and you'll just never care for that after that.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Italia''': Tada! How do I ...

'''Hiro''': Oh, You are beautiful in that dress.

'''Italia''': Say, was there something wrong?

'''Hiro''': it's fine. We are kinda having a hard time communicating, that's all.

'''Italia''': if you say so... (I remember that Roma is not a person who trust people easily...)

''Italia went in to change the dress she wanted to try.''



'''Roma''': Say, why do I have to trust you?

'''Hiro''': I really can't say.

'''Roma''': Then I'll never trust you.

'''Hiro''': ...

Roma and the Admiral shut their communications with one another.



''Then after picking a few dress, Italia went out and let Roma had wear his choice of clothing.''

'''Italia''': Hiro-san; Are you perhaps, unable to retort at her question?

'''Hiro''': Well, Roma is correct. I am unreliable and very weak. I sunk two ships back in the days and I regretted it all my life. But I was able to move on... But, In the end it feels like I have forgotten all about them.

'''Italia''': You see, people die and they are meant to be forgotten over time. But say, did they die in regret? We will never know. After all, the dead will never tell the living what they feel before they die. It's impossible, There are times that we are force to do the hard thing and yet we regret doing it. What can we do about it? We can only atone to them. But the truth is there, set in stone. Hiro-san, she said that because she is worried that she can't trust you and all. She was here but she can't feel that she is safe.

'''Hiro''': I'm sorry Claudia. But making her trust someone takes time. I might have enough time for that but... ah!

'''Italia''': Looks like you have realized something.

'''Hiro''': How foolish. I am just running away from my responsibilities and all. Roma just said that because she has not trusted me fully.

'''Italia''': My... Well, what can you do about that.

'''Hiro''': Well for starters...



''The lights turned off and then there was panic in the store. The lights turned on and there was a sight that surprised a lot of us.''

'''Terrorist A''': We are today Staging a Hostage crisis here. All of you will have to stay calm and do what we say.

'''Hiro''': this is bad.

'''Italia''': Why?

'''Hiro''': if they found out you two are Ship-girls, they'll use you as shields and become bargaining chips for the government.

'''Italia''': But what can we do?

'''Hiro''': Let's behave for a while. Wait, Where's Amor?

'''Terrorist B''': Shut up young man!

''The terrorist hit the admiral with the gun he is holding.''

'''Terrorist C''': Hmm, What a beauty you are. Hey, there's someone here at the Dressing room.



Roma and Italia was tied along with the Admiral and the few people inside the store.

''The Admiral woke up.''

'''Hiro''': Guh, That was a bit harsh.

'''Italia''': Hiro-san!

'''Roma''': ...

'''Hiro''': Good to see that you two are still nearby. Don't worry. I have an idea But first, I need to wait a bit of time.

'''Roma''': Why do we have to wait!? We might get killed in the end.

'''Hiro''': Because even If I can deal with all of them, since there are few civilains here, I might blow my cover and all.

'''Italia''': Cover?

'''Hiro''': Well to tell you the truth, I issued a day off right?

'''Italia''': Yes.

'''Hiro''': Because I have a Job outside being an Admiral. And today was that day of operation. But, Since we never know when or where the terrorist will strike I assume it'll be any time of the day. But, you two are here for some reason unknown. So I have to escort you two until you can go back home. But before I can do that, this happened already. What bad luck indeed.

'''Roma''': I never knew.

'''Hiro''': Well, it's not your fault. This operation is classified. I must heed to the orders.

'''Italia''': Well then, what can we do?

'''Hiro''': Stay there. We'll wait a few more minutes before the team arrives. I'll need to have at least a metal bar or anything that has metal.

'''Roma''': Here is my belt, though it's not purely metal.

'''Hiro''': Good. I shall remove the ropes. Hide after I distract them.

'''Roma and Italia:''' Okay.



''The Admiral cut the rope and he stood up. The terrorists (15 in total) looked at him.''

'''A:''' You are awake! How did you managed to cut the ropes?

'''Hiro''': Well, it's easy.

'''B:''' Let's stop the talking, finish him!

'''All terrorist''': Yeah!



Shots fired but they seemed to miss the Admiral and was moving at blinding speed.

'''C:''' how come we can't hit him?

'''D:''' Impossible!

''Then a few seconds later 5 terrorist had their hands cut.''

'''E,F,G,H,I''': my HANDS!!!



'''Hiro''': Phew. Looks like a belt is enough.

'''Leader''': Get him!

''the terrorist fired their shots that were all concentrated on him. He avoid making them reach to the point where the other hostages are and he managed to dodge them all without difficulty.''

'''Hiro '''(running at blinding speeds): Say, you are a leader yet you never care for your comrades...allow me let you have a taste of your own defeat.

''The Admiral vanished and has several copies of him in every Assailant's back and then all terrorist except the leader fell to their knees and was eliminated.''

'''Hiro''': With this. There's only one left.

'''Leader''': Monster... Don't move. (gets a girl from the hostages) If you move a bit more, I'll kill her.

'''Hiro''': Oh my! What bad timing I had. Say, Misa how long have you been here?

'''Sazanami''': (the hostage) since the time you met the other two.

'''Leader''': (realizes the situation) Shut up.

'''Sazanami''': Not on my watch.

''Sazanami cut the gun using a small knife she got from the terrorist.''

'''Leader''': How is that possible?

'''Sazanami''': Oh, it's a trade secret. Say Hiro-san, how are the Italians?

'''Hiro''': They are hidden in the corner of the room. Asides, They are somewhat came here at the worst possible time.

'''Leader''': This is madness. Why are you two smiling despite the panic we caused a while ago?

'''Hiro''': Well, It's my job to catch you. She is here as my support, But I ended up doing it by myself, Since all of them are idiots.

'''Sazanami''': C'mon. I thought I can see myself in an action movie but you just ruined it!

'''Hiro''': Sorry about that Misa. Well then, Let me tie you up.

'''Leader''': No!!!

''The leader was tied up but the area was a mess. The blood was spilled on the floor's store and the clothes are dirtied too.''

'''Hiro''': But man, my clothes are a mess... It's bloodied and such.

'''Sazanami''': let me wipe that off for you.

'''Hiro''': Thanks Sazanami. Claudia, Amor. WE are leaving. Sorry for dragging you to this mess. But thanks to that I found my answer. Amor, I can only be trusted if I let someone puts their trust in me. Thanks for trusting me. As thanks, You two will be rewarded at the later date.

'''Italia and Roma''': Gracias!

''The two left the store and the cleaning team came and take the terrorist leader and clean up the whole area.''

Italia and Roma was brought outside and saw the sun.

'''Italia''': Say Roma-chan. how do you view him?

'''Roma''': Though the answer he said is really incorrect, the way he handles the incident was crazy and such. But now, I can now trust him for protecting us.

'''Italia''': My. Why can't you be honest once in a while. You are looking at his back intently all the time. You fall for him didn't you? I can see in your eyes that you want to wipe that blood soaked hand of his.

'''Roma''': !? Nee-sama, It's not what you think!

'''Italia''': Could it be, you want to wipe the sweat on his face. How bold you are! Kya!! you want to become the loving wife already!

'''Roma''': Nee-sama please stop this non-sense already!

''The two were laughing all the way as they walk towards the base.''


Aftermath:

'''''The Media came a few minutes after the incident. They interviewed the witnesses and said that they were saved by a man who happens to be there and now was gone along with the bodies of the terrorist and the leader of the incident. The Incident was solved fast and there were no repercussions happened. The Media tried to track the guy who saved everyone but they can't find him for military protocols were implemented.'''''



At the Naval base:

'''Sazanami''': Say Master, Why were you there early if the operation is at 2 PM?

'''Hiro''': Well, I ordered our supplies because our stocks were running out.

'''Sazanami''': Well, you can go home after that.

'''Hiro''': I just saw them there. I got a feeling that they might attack while they are in the area, so I stay and waited if they'll come.

'''Sazanami''': In the end, they arrived and put yourself in the most strategic position.

'''Hiro''': Well, I was planning in hiding the two of them before they arrived, but Roma was still in the dressing room. I have to change some plans.

'''Sazanami''': Thank goodness you are not shot.

'''Hiro''': Even if I am shot, My guardian Angel will save me.

'''Sazanami''': Whatever. Master, Are you alright after using the moves you made?

'''Hiro''': For a while, My Kill switch turned on and before I can make it to the Leader I switched it off. I was surprised to see you are there already. Sazami, Are you spying on me?

'''Sazanami''': Well that is true...

'''Hiro''': You never learn. Let's go and meet the delivery guys. My order is already here.

'''Sazanami''': okay.

''The two of them meet the delivery guy and had the ingredients delivered inside the warehouse.''





==The Roma Today...==

''Roma was eating with Italia in the Cafe Mamiya.''

'''Italia''': Wow, Mamiya-san sure loves making food. Roma-chan, how's the Admiral today?

'''Roma''': Wow I am surprised you still asked that. Of course I don't know.

'''Italia''': Silly little sister, I know you wake up every night to jog and that time Musashi-san and Nagato-san were training too. Lately, The Admiral was training too. He said that He can't be behind schedule especially training.

'''Roma''': So you knew all along...

'''Italia''': You see, even though I am a docile lady... I am still a cunning person. Say Roma-chan, did you try to match your pace to his?

'''Roma''': I really can't keep up to his pace. There's no way I can do that.

'''Italia''': that's true, But I heard from Musashi-san that he sometimes pace himself to your pace so that you were not discourage... Fufufu, You sure love to keep secrets from me.

'''Roma''': ...

''Mamiya arrived with the food the two ordered.''

'''Mamiya''': Here's the Italian style Pasta.

'''Italia''': Wow! As always, Mamiya-san is the best.

'''Roma''': That's right.


Then the Admiral came in the cafe.

'''Hiro''': Mamiya-san, Table for two.

'''Mamiya''': Okay. Admiral, how rare to see you.

'''Hiro''': I am here with Kino. We are on a date today.

'''Mamiya''': My! That's great. Do you want the couple's special?

'''Hiro''': Well...

'''Kinugasa''': We would like to take that.

'''Hiro''': Wait...

'''Mamiya''': Okay. Any more orders?

'''Hiro''': Hmm... Specialty of the day?

'''Mamiya''': italian pasta.

'''Kinugasa''': Okay. Hiro, let's take that too.

'''Hiro''': Well, I like pasta so two of that pasta.

'''Mamiya''': Alright. 2 Italian Pasta and the couple's special. Irako, Prepare the ingredients.

'''Irako''': Yes Ma'am.

'''Hiro''': Looks like Business is booming as usual.

'''Mamiya''': Well, It's all thanks to the two of you...

'''Kinugasa''': Well, the food you made is sooooo delicious. Hiro and I can't really imitate or create better versions of your food.

'''Mamiya''': Well, thanks. Hope you enjoy your stay.

''Mamiya goes to the kitchen and made the food we ordered.''



'''Italia''': Look Roma-chan, he is here.

'''Roma''': I know. You don't have to say that.

''The Admiral goes near to our Table and along the way, he saw the two of them.''

'''Hiro''': Yo! So you two are here on your day off!

'''Roma''': ...

'''Italia''': Yes Admiral. By the way, is it true you two are dating?

'''Hiro''': Well today we are dating... But in reality, before I was assigned to this base; I was engaged to her. Say Kino, How long have we been engaged?

'''Kinugasa''': it's already 12 years. Say, Who are you talking to?

'''Hiro''': The Italian sisters are here.

'''Kinugasa''': I see. I'll go there and seat to the Adjacent table so it doesn't look very awkward.

'''Hiro''': Please do. I can't forever block the way.

''Kinugasa moved towards the Adjacent table and sit there waiting for the order they took.''

'''Hiro''': So you two are eating pasta here. How's the taste?

'''Italia''': it reminds me of home.

'''Roma''': me too...

'''Hiro''': Oooh! By the way, are you perhaps homesick?

'''Italia''': Well, even if we go back there's no one who will accept us.

'''Roma''': Yes.

'''Hiro''': Well, Italy is now a very peaceful country. I don't think they are ready to accept the two of you back.

'''Kinugasa''': Asides, their current political stand against the abyssals is that they are willing to send their own ship-girls to counter them. But they'll never allow the entry of one from the outside.

'''Hiro''': Such cruel politics. And to think America is making a brand new discovery by making artificial ship-girls via the Akitsumaru Theory, the results showed that it will take years to make a ship-girl. So they decided to hunt for them instead.

'''Kinugasa''': Sounds like a witch-hunt.

'''Hiro''': A few years ago, ship-girls had to survive the witch-hunt so that they can live.

'''Italia''': How sad indeed.

'''Roma''': ...

'''Hiro''': Well then, Sorry if I talked too much and spoiled your will to eat...

'''Italia''': Well, sorry for making you feel worried.

'''Roma''': ...

'''Kinugasa''': I noticed, that Roma-san hasn't spoken a word. May I know?

'''Italia''': Well, she is just this quiet anyways. Afterall, she is quite unsociable.

'''Hiro''': That's new to me. Though whenever I went out to train she was very sociable to me.

'''Kinugasa''': !? (Something is wrong here.)

'''Italia''': Well, well, I think she is just like that because afterall she trusted you and such. Ahahahahaha!

'''Hiro''': Oh well... If you say so.

''The Admiral went to his seat facing Kinugasa.''

''Their orders arrived and they ate silently.''




''An hour has passed and the two left leaving Roma and Italia in the table eating their gelato.''



'''Roma''': ...

'''Italia''': What's wrong?

'''Roma''': It's nothing. I was just shocked to hear that he was already engaged a long, long time ago.

'''Italia''': So what then?

'''Roma''': !?

'''Italia''': I've heard from the rumours that they are engaged because their parents decided that on the matter. If he ever wants to break free from that, He'll need a reason to that.

'''Roma''': So you mean if I can become his reason then...

'''Italia''': He can break that engagement...

'''Roma''': But I also heard that Kumano was engaged to him if the engagement from Kinugasa-san resulted to a failure.

'''Italia''': Well, since he can break free from the first one. I think the second one didn't matter. Afterall, he had you.

'''Roma''': But I'll make everyone Unhappy by that decision...

'''Italia''': SO it is alright for you to be unhappy all of your life! Roma-chan, as your sister. I want to see my little sister who works so hard to be happy. I don't care if I sacrificed my spot for you. Please be happy!

'''Roma''': ... But, I don't know how to act when we are alone.

'''Italia''': Roma, Act natural. He will not do anything bad at you. Asides, he is a gentleman to a fault. He looks out for all of us but he doesn't look at us equally. You must persevere harder than the usual so that you can shine brighter.

'''Roma''': Do you think I can do that?

'''Italia''': All of those who are in their respective places worked hard for it. They really work hard for that. Of course if it's you... You can do it. You can even outshine them all if you want.

'''Roma''': Thank you Nee-sama.

''Then Mamiya came and brought them another set of gelato.''

'''Roma''': We didn't order another set of gelato.

'''Mamiya''': I know, but Irako-san was touched by your determination that she made two for the two of you. Kidding asides, Hiro asked me to gave the two of you the couple's special Gelato because he felt that you need to cheer up a bit. Really, That guy is so dense. I wish he was given the gift of reading the hearts of others so he can understand you.

'''Italia''': Well, it's him we are talking about. It's given that he might have to avoid too much people as possible.

'''Mamiya''': Really, But If I have to be careful, I rather be careful about Sazanami's pressure. She caused this whole awkwardness anyways.

'''Italia''': ... I wonder, that girl is indeed very close to him.

'''Roma''': ...

'''Mamiya''': Cheer up you two. if you want to conquer a man's heart... Go through his stomach.

'''Italia''': Really?

'''Roma''': Really?

'''Mamiya''': Well, I've gotta go. I have work to do.

''Mamiya left and the two left the cafe.''



==Undelivered letter - From Roma==

'''''If you are reading this letter then it must mean that you have seen this notebook of my secrets. I can see that you are not that bad at all, but you just hide it because you don't want us to be dependent on you. Italia and I knew what kind of a guy you are. WE knew that you work harder than the usual. You worked until you cry blood when you fight for Teruzuki's rescue ... and, you cried and felt so down when you failed in getting her. Not only that, we also saw how happy you are when we won against something crazy and such. Though I think It's because you never gave up on us.'''''

'''''Admiral... Hiro, I want to say thank you for helping us. For making us feel at home. Lately, Libeccio praises you because you started making Pancakes which she really loved. Somehow, we felt happy because of that deed. I can see that you really like kids. But I am worried if you became a criminal because of that. But rahter, I know you won't become one... Right?'''''

'''''I, Roma wants to say thank you for taking good care of us siblings. We hope we can help you in the future days to come. I hope you can look at my way too.'''''

'''''Without further ado, Thanks for rescuing us. WE hope we can serve you soon.'''''

-Roma


==Omake:==

'''''Roma Holloween extra'''''

Roma received a package came from the HQ.

'''Roma''': This is quite interesting... Why did the HQ send something like this?

''Libeccio came to the battleship's room to show her new attire''

'''Libeccio''': Roma-nee, Look at what they send to me!!!

'''Roma''': Oh my! They send one to you too?

'''Libeccio''': Yup. Looks like we are the only ones who got these limited time dresses. Say. waht should we do. We might look like outcast because of these?

'''Roma''': Libe... You must wear them with pride! Become a model destroyer!

'''Libeccio''': Thank Roma-nee. Time for me to show to my destroyer friends. Chow!

'''Roma''': Chow!



''Libeccio went out and run towards the destroyer's dorm.''

''Italia entered the room. ''

'''Italia''': Roma-chan, looks like Libe is so full of spirits and the dress really makes her look sooo cute. Ah!

''Roma was also trying to wear the dress that was sent from HQ.''

'''Roma''': Ah! Nee-sama, I am still changing.

'''Italia''': It's fine. By the way...why did the HQ didn't send one to me?

'''Roma''': I don't know. Probably they don't have enough materials for the dress.

'''Italia''': I see. Looks like I have to Visit Nagato-san today. She have to make a dress for me, I'll pay her!!!

'''Roma''': Nee-sama, Please don't be hasty.

''Italia run towards Nagato's room and from the looks of things, she'll be staying for the measurement.''



Roma wore the dress and walk outside of her room. She went to the unused gallery section of the base... The hall was still as empty and the lighting was okay, but kinda faulty.

''As she look around, She sat at the nearby chair and she thinks about the actions that happened a few days ago.''



''Then, the Admiral went to the gallery hall.''

'''Hiro''': The lights are on... Looks like they are still in Okay condition... Hmmm, why was light turned on again.



''As he walked towards the hall, he saw Roma who was deep in thought.''

'''Hiro''': Roma.

'''Roma''': !?

'''Hiro''': What brings you here? This is still nothing but an empty space.

'''Roma''': Umm... You see...

'''Hiro''': Oh, That came from HQ right?

'''Roma''': (realizes) Yes. This came from HQ and they said that I can use it even on my sorties.

'''Hiro''': I see... Say, You look really looked decent in that outfit. You look more subdued.

'''Roma''': !?

'''Hiro''': I just can't get use to the dress you two wear. Probably because you two are kinda liberated and all. But the dress kinda covered almost 90% of you. I liked it. But still, It really draws me to what that dress really wants to emphasize... (stares down there...)

'''Roma''': Please don't stare that much. Afterall, I am... (whoa, I almost say it!)

'''Hiro''': Hm? What was that? Is there something bothering you?

'''Roma''': You see. After that date with Kinugasa-san and the sudden confession with Saanami... I always felt this uneasy, especially around here.(points to her heart) (the admiral would really misunderstands that part though)

'''Hiro''': (So all of them really saw that. Damn, I really want to die!!!) Hmm... You already had heart attack this young age?

'''Roma''': (Heart attack!?) Wait! That's not what I meant. I mean, My chest is tightening and my heart is pounding Irregualry.

'''Hiro''': Arrhythmia? This is bad. You need to be treated or at least be cured...

'''Roma''': THAT'S NOT IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Hiro-san, I Like you. Please Look at me too!!!

'''Hiro''': AH! (stops)

''Libeccio who was passing along heard this confession... she smiled a bit.''

''Italia who was also looking for Roma also heard this confession... she cried for her sister finally said it.''

''Samidare who was looking for the Admiral heard this confession from a few meters away, she stopped walking.''

''Maikaze who was resting also hears it but she smiled a bit and danced again...''

''Kiso who was sleeping outside also hears this confession and somewhat confused by what she just discovered. ''(why was she sleeping outside?)

''Sazanami was doing the delegation of task so she didn't heard the confession, thus there's no red flag raised...''

But the most important person who had heard the confession was Musashi who is also resting outside. (Resting With Kiso)

'''Musashi''': (says to herself) The dance ball will be interesting... I must go and let the pink lady win.

''Musashi stood and went towards Nagato's room in a hurry.''



''The Holloween ball is almost near... Who will win the ball?''

end.
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]