==The eve of operations==

''The Admiral and Sazanami are checking the resources in the inventory.''

'''Hiro''': Well then, we have supplies that will last until the whole operation itself. My only concern is that will this be enough to get what we want?

'''Sazanami''': Master, that question is something I can't answer since it's not yet time and we have no idea on who will we get this time around.

'''Hiro''': I see. By the way Sazanami…

'''Sazanami''': What is it master?

'''Hiro''': Well, I might not send you or Samidare on a sortie this time considering that there will be no fleet locking, not that I do Normal or Hard at some point.

'''Sazanami''': I see. It's fine. Just bring your best ships and let them deal with the problem.

'''Hiro''': I see. Well then, let's wait until the operation starts then.

'''Sazanami''': What bothers me though is that you have dirt on your forehead. Shall I clean that for you?

'''Hiro''': Wait, This is a part of tradition. I can't really erase this. Mom asked me to there since it's that time again.

'''Sazanami''': Really...

'''Hiro''': well, nothing to think deeply about. The operation is near and we need to get prepare. I don't want to get chewed on by some tsundere princess.

'''Sazanami''': ?

'''Hiro''': Well then... Let's wait warmly as we look at this scenery then.

''A few hours after that, the Operation commences.''



==Chance meeting with the tanky Submarine==

''The Admiral has summoned his fleet to do the first map of the operations. And luckily, it was a round of Submarine clearing.''

'''Hiro''': Well then folks, our mission is to clear this area since we need to make sure that no enemy will block our main force's entry. Ooyodo, I will be sending you over to sortie this time. Are you fine with that?

'''Ooyodo''': I am fine Admiral. Thanks for the worry though.

'''Hiro''': Good. Agano, Noshiro. I want you two to experience your first time in a mission so do your best.

'''Noshiro''': I will Admiral!

'''Agano''': Leave it to me!

'''Hiro''': Good. Well then, Naka.

'''Naka''': What is it Admiral?

'''Hiro''': I suppose you know the drill. Please take care of them since you are the highest level Light cruiser in the fleet.

'''Naka''': Understood.

'''Hiro''': Ise, please clear out the enemy escorts so that our Sub wiping team can score a kill on the boss and so that they won't get injured in the end.

'''Ise''': Roger that.

'''Hiro''': Hiyou. Please lend them your strength in reducing the enemy's number before Ise kills them all.

'''Hiyou''': I will.

'''Hiro''': Well then, Sally forth!

The team left the Office and they begin their Submarine clearance.


===To E-1===

''The team crosses the territory of the submarine infested waters.''

'''Ise''': Let see... Listen guys, this is the first operation and we are in enemy waters now. Let us stay calm and focus on defeating the enemy.

'''Hiyou''': That was something Ise-san. Anyways, my job here is supporting you guys since the Admiral said that there are non Submarine battles here so it’s my job to wipe them out so that you can single out on them.

'''Ise''': Sorry, it's been a while since I was summoned to do the operations.

'''Hiyou''': Well, since the Admiral has increased his bench and his firepower, I guess he really decided to let you and Hyuuga take the bench since your offense is not that much.

'''Ise''': I knew it anyways.

'''Naka''': Well then folks, Let me sing you a song as we defeat those abyssals

'''Noshiro''': Is that alright? I mean, you might lose your focus.

'''Naka''': Me? Losing focus, I have never been so focused all my life...

'''Agano''': Well, well... Since we are now here I guess opponents should be appearing somewhere.

'''Ooyodo''': Luckily... I detected them. Let's go into formation.

'''Others''': Aye!


===At Submarine's Princess Lair===

'''SS Hime: '''(It's my time for some comeback. Though I lost my tough escort, this time... a small fleet will arrive here to make them feel that I am not weak.)

A few minutes after...

'''Ooyodo''': Here we are. The Submarine Princess

'''SS Hime''': Nice seeing you glasses girl.

'''Ooyodo''': I don't want to meet you though. But the Admiral insist that I should do it since Yuubari-san is not remodeled at this point so I will fill in so that I can get you.

'''Naka''': Wow. You sure hate her Ooyodo-san

'''Ooyodo''': Remember that the Admiral has ordered us to fight her for 4 days in order to get Graf Zeppelin and U-511. I got too tired of dealing with this submarine.

'''Naka''': Yeah... He is a slave driver at best.

'''Ise''': Well then, let's get started and not let this enemy princess got bored on waiting.

'''Others''': Roger!


===Results:===

''In the end they managed to defeat the Submarine Princess after the Admiral has replaced the rookie Agano into the veteran Isuzu who had fought against SS Hime, And Jun'you for some more power and the saiun.''

'''Ise''': Phew. She is tough indeed. I wonder what our rewards are.

'''Ooyodo''': I think it was in the digital letter we would receive after we have defeated the boss.

''Then a digital mail has reached Ise.''

'''Ise''': Let me see... 1 Irako 1 Mamiya, 2 combat provisions. 1 repair goddess, and what!!!???

'''Jun’you''': Wow... at first I thought I saw something abyssal.

'''Ise''': Are they not kidding?

'''Ooyodo''': Let me see what difficulty the Admiral has chosen... Hard!!!? Really, now I know why we are having a hard time to kill that boss. She got too tanky all of a sudden.

'''Naka''': Oh that is the item Aoba-san has mentioned to some of us a few days ago. Well, I won't be surprised at its appearance.

'''Noshiro''': I see. So the chances of American ships arriving to our base will rise.

'''Isuzu''': Whatever. For as long as they are friendly and they had no bad intentions, then why not? After all, we are not fighting against them. So let's chill and wait to see what will happen next.

'''Others''': Okay.

'''Ise''': But this one... Who would use such a gun?

''Then the admiral patched through the radio.''

'''Hiro''': I supposed you already knew what rewards will arrive later?

'''Ise''': Yes.

'''Hiro''': Well, it can be carried by a battleship. that's it.

'''Ise''': I see.

'''Hiro''': Well then, return to base and we have served some hot cocoa. Please hurry, the submarines; especially Yuu-chan, wants to take it all.

'''Ise''': We are on our way then.

''The fleet waste no time chit-chatting and they rushed towards the base.''


==Intermission #1 - The 16 Inch Triple Gun Mount Mk.7==

 Normally, it's an item born from the land of freedom and it was used by some large
 Battleships (Iowa class by example). It has top tier stats and only gets dwarf in
 comparison by the 46cm twin gun mount and the Prototype 51 cm triple gun mount the
 IJN has.
 
 But nonetheless, since this gun was introduced to all; all Admirals are on a race
 to covet this priced artifact.


'''Sazanami''': Master, what are you reading?

'''Hiro''': Well, it's an article made by Aoba-sensei discussing about the US gun we just got.

'''Sazanami''': I see. Master, I am kinda scared by them. Especially on their subs.

'''Hiro''': Oh. Well, don't worry. I am here and I heard that we will get the battleship first so I guess we will be having a large base soon.

'''Sazanami''': Hmm... But, why do you think America would lend a hand to us?

'''Hiro''': I don't know. Honestly I think that they want to show us that they are strong so they send a piece of their armament and we go crazy on it for some reason.

'''Sazanami''': Well, its stats didn't lie. It's truly a good gun they use.

'''Hiro''': Yup. But never forget that since we have our reliable Akashi-san with us, we can replicate something like that.

'''Sazanami''': Then, why do you go hard if this gun is not your main point.

'''Hiro''': I want to see if I am prepared enough for this difficulty. Well, since it's the introductory part... It's definitely easy. But, I might go easy on the next 2 operations since I am not joining the frontlines. Claire told me to be there once in a while. But I can't do it since I have to make sure you guys are in your great conditions.

'''Sazanami''': Master. You really are helpless against us.

'''Hiro''': well, I guess I am attached to all of you.

'''Sazanami''': Then who will use that gun?

'''Hiro''': By now, my best choice will be Nagato since 16 inches is equivalent to almost 41 centimeters. So Nagato Class and Fusou class and Ise class can wield it without feeling overweight penalty.

'''Sazanami''': I see.

'''Hiro''': Well then, let's take a rest for today and start the next operations tomorrow.

'''Sazanami''': Roger that!.

''The two drink the hot cocoa as they wait for time to pass by.''


==The Operation Rei-go.==

''The Admiral has assembled a small team consisting of A CAV, CA, 2 BBs and 2 CVBs.''

'''Hiro''': Well then folks. Let's do this.

''Then, Kasumi enters the office.''

'''Kasumi''': Admiral. What Do I hear that I will not go to this operation. Why?

'''Hiro''': Well... I have no Kiyoshimo and Asashimo, the chances of using you is in vain since we can't really sortie on the easiest part.

'''Kasumi''': After all this training... this will go to waste...

'''Hiro''': Kasumi, Wait for a bit. I heard that the Extra Operations will need a transport fleet. I want you to be one of the escorts. Will you help me?

'''Kasumi''': Me? Really? Wait... You are just hiding the fact that I am useless on this operation.

'''Hiro''': Well, if you do good Kasumi...

'''Kasumi''': wait what do you mean?

'''Hiro''': ...I might reward you for your efforts.

'''Kasumi''': Rewards... waah... wait, be sure to comply with that Admiral.

''Kasumi left the office.''

'''Hiro''': Well then; Kumano, you'll be the Flagship since... well I just like putting you there. Be careful along the way.

'''Kumano''': I will Admiral.

'''Hiro''': Good. Musashi, Nagato. Please do like what you usually do.

'''Nagato''': Okay

'''Musashi''': Alright.

'''Hiro''': Taihou, Shoukaku-san. Please do your best. You are practically my next best carriers.

'''Shoukaku''': I will. Since you give me this opportunity, I will not waste it.

'''Taihou''': I am honored to be of use.

'''Hiro''': Good. Well then, show them what power means

'''Others''': Yeah.

''The rest of the fleet left but Maya didn't moved.''

'''Hiro''': Maya?

'''Maya''': Admiral, Why didn't you instruct me with anything at all?

'''Hiro''': Well... (I forgot to call her name)

'''Maya''': Admiral! What is my instruction!?

'''Hiro''': Well then, protect the skies. I really don't know what would happen; But Maya, please help our carriers secure the skies.

'''Maya''': I see. Thanks Admiral.

''Maya left the office and went to the fleet.''


===The Air defense node.===

''the fleet has successfully passed the submarine node and they are redirected to a different place.''

'''Kumano''': I have a bad feeling about this place.

'''Maya''': Me too...

'''Nagato''': This is strange. Why do I feel that someone's watching us.

'''Musashi''': Well then, brace yourselves.

'''Shoukaku''': I will fly my fighter planes just in case to intercept them

'''Taihou''': Me too.

''Then,from afar the fleet saw 2 installation bosses waiting for them.''

'''Kumano''': Oh no.

'''Maya''': Brace for Impact!!!

The installation bosses sent out different kind of planes and Shoukaku and Taihou release their planes to intercept it and Maya made a decisive move to cover the planes Shoukaku and Taihou used.

'''Maya''': Yeah! You like that!?

''Maya performed her Anti-air cut in and she decimated the new planes as she protected the fleet from the new imminent danger.''

'''Maya''': Phew. That somehow made it.

'''Kumano''': Congratulations Maya-chan, and thanks for protecting us.

'''Maya''': Well...

'''Musashi''': Thank you for your action a while ago.

'''Nagato''': I appreciated it.

'''Shoukaku''': Thanks for backing us up.

'''Taihou''': Yeah.

'''Kumano''': No need to be shy now. You did great, I can assure that.

'''Maya''': Well, thanks. Also, I don't want to be chewed by the Admiral If I failed to protect one of his lovers.

'''Kumano''': I see. But no need to worry for me. Just do what you are good at doing and we will help protect you from any surface threats.

'''Maya''': I see. It's a deal then.

'''Kumano''': Yup.

'''Musashi''': So nice to see friendship bloom on the battlefield.

'''Nagato''': Well then, let's get a move on now.

'''Others''': Alright.

''The fleet managed to protect themselves against the incoming danger.''


===The PT Imps...===

''The fleet got diverted and they went to an Imp node.''

'''Kumano''': Oh no...

'''Maya''': Not again...

'''Nagato''': It's a challenge then.

''A few minutes after, they are able to wipe the enemy fleet without a scratch.''

'''Musashi''': This is strange.

'''Kumano''': Yeah me too.

'''Maya''': Yeah. I feel like that they had grown weaker.

'''Taihou''': at least we are grateful to pass these parts. But, how long must we sail to meet the boss?

'''Shoukaku''': I wonder.

''They are getting closer on the boss node as they speak.''


===The Supply Depot Princess.===

'''Supply Depot Princess''': My gathered... materials... I will not let you..Have them..!

'''Kumano''': Oh my! But we are just passing though. Oh well! This is the boss.

'''Musashi''': So this is the boss. I guess we can do something against her. Alright then...

'''Nagato''': I wonder...

'''Shoukaku''': But we need to destroy her to pass on the next operation.

'''Taihou''': I am somehow feeling afflicted on hurting her.

'''Kumano''': Hime-sama, are you letting us pass. We will not hurt you or your resources.

'''Supply Depot Princess''': No!!! You will all burn down to the deep sea.

'''Kumano''': Negotiation Broken. Guys, let’s start raiding her!

'''Musashi''': Alright.

'''Nagato''': Well then.

''The fleet had an easy fight against the boss.''



===The last Battle.===

'''Supply Depot Princess''': You're..Still coming here... get out already...!

'''Kumano''': So will you let us pass this time?



'''Supply Depot Princess: '''NEVER!!!

'''Kumano''': Alright. Sorry to do this over and over again. But Hiro-sama has sights of the next location so staying here is not an option for now. Girls, hit her hard!!!

'''Others''': All right!

''There was a rain of fire in the battle against the supply Depot Princess and they easily defeated her in the day battles.''

'''Supply Depot Princess''': Stop burning our materials... And we were collecting such more them...　Ah... but... the burning flames are...somehow..beautiful.

''The Supply demon Princess sinks in to the deep abyss.''


'''Kumano''': Phew. That was a lot of work. Thanks everyone for keeping up.

'''Nagato''': You are welcome.

'''Musashi''': Yeah. You're definitely most welcome.

'''Maya''': Yup! You can always count on us.

'''Shoukaku''': It's a pleasure working with you.

'''Taihou''': Thanks for letting me help you.

'''Kumano''': well then, it’s time to report... OH. What do we have here?

''Kumano saw a figure of a destroyer emerging in the wasteland.''

'''Kumano''': Guys, we found someone here in the ruins?

'''Shoukaku''': Well then, Lets take her home. The Admiral will be glad by the news itself.

'''Kumano''': Yup. Knowing that he saved someone, his happiness will reach no bounds.

''The fleet returned to the naval base while trying to aid the new girl to her return home.''


==Intermission #2: The goals of the Admiral.==

''The Admiral is speaking with Kumano in the other side of the radio.''

'''Hiro''': Nice, thanks for clearing the area faster than expected.

'''Kumano''': It's a pleasure Hiro-sama. After all, I am making a big move. I need to get stronger as the time comes.    

'''Hiro''': I see.

'''Kumano''': By the way, what was your reason to make us rush these maps. It's not like it will be closed for a week or something?

'''Hiro''': Well, I am aiming to get some extra ships. But that will only happen if I got lucky indeed.

'''Kumano''': Silly Admiral, You were never contended with us that you look for someone else. How much do we have to serve you to not look for them?

'''Hiro''': Wait. I am doing it because I want to save many people as possible.

'''Kumano''': Really? Anyways, when we return here, I have a pleasant surprise for you.

'''Hiro''': Alright.

'''Kumano''': out and over.

''The communication link cuts off and the Admiral looks at the next operation papers.''

'''Hiro''': (Hmm... first of all, we need to clear the transport phase and then we will get the chance to fight the boss. But I wonder why the battle happened in the northern seas? Sounds ominous to me indeed.)

''As he looked at the papers and the early reports from the frontlines, he summoned his girls to do some work.''


==E-3 Transport Phase - a small rendezvous before the main battle.==

''The Admiral has summoned the Transport task force to do some Preliminary battles in the extra operations.''

'''Hiro''': Well then, since I know some of you wants to have a good fight, I am giving you the liberty to fight al you want.

'''Sazanami''': Really?

'''Hiro''': Yup. But my only concern is that you girls need drums for this mission.

'''Sazanami''': And since I and Samidare has been assigned to the main fleet, it means we are carrying drums, and Kumano-san and Mogami-san will be carrying seaplane bombers for Air phase so that we don't get wreck hard by the opposing fleet. But what's with this fleet? 5 of the most important people in this base has been assigned into this fleet, so who will take over the duties while the main people are out?

'''Hiro''': I already called the back-up team. Anyways, hit them hard and be safe.

'''Sazanami''': You know what Master, I kind of wished you put me as the flagship of the fleet.

'''Hiro''': That would be impossible though. You can't carry an FCF anyways.

'''Sazanami''': I wish I can. Oh well, Master, we shall head off and make a way towards our victory.

'''Hiro''': Alright. Take care.

''The Transport Task force went on their ways to go clear the first part of the Extra operations.''


===The early stages.===

''The combine fleet is cruising on the waters and while they are cruising, there was a chit-chat in the fleet.''

'''Sazanami''': Honestly, this is the first time I was sortie with Samidare and I wonder if we can help Master if we are together.

'''Samidare''': Sazanami-chan, Please don't lose heart. Actually, being in the main fleet makes us a bit safer.

'''Sazanami''': I doubt about that.

''Kasumi who was listening to the talk of the two shouts.''

'''Kasumi''': You two, how about you try and switch with me. After all, I am doing this since the stupid Admiral didn't sortie me last operation.

'''Sazanami''': Well then, how about carrying gall of our drums then!?

'''Kasumi''': I rather not carry them...

'''Samidare''': Chill guys, we are not within the enemy waters and we are fighting already.

''Meanwhile, Kinugasa who was busy talking to Myoukou felt something amiss.''

'''Kinugasa''': This area. Why Do I feel someone is watching us?

'''Myoukou''': I heard from the Admiral that there is a nearby air field here so if we cross there, we might get bombed along the way.

'''Kinugasa''': I see. That is the reason why Fubuki-chan is here with us.

''Kinugasa pointed at Fubuki who was calming the tension between Sazanami and Kasumi.''

'''Kinugasa''': But seriously, he has grown attached to Fubuki-chan too then he didn't mind that she is here with us.

'''Myoukou''': Well, He always says that there is a reason for everything. So let's assume that she is here to really help us and the Admiral.

'''Kinugasa''': Yeah. I guess I have nothing to worry at all.

'''Myoukou''': Of course.

''As Myoukou and Kinugasa continues to have a conversation, Kumano is talking to Mogami who was with her at the moment.''

'''Kumano''': Mogami-nee... You see, I think the Admiral is letting me level a lot for something.

'''Mogami''': Isn't that great!? You are actually leveling higher than the usual ships.

'''Kumano''': But I felt alienated since I am kinda far away from you, Mikuma-nee and Suzuya.

'''Mogami''': Oh. You are worried about that? Well, then Let me tell you that I carry a super secret item that can lessen your worries.

'''Kumano''': Really?

'''Mogami''': You see... before everyone of use were called, I was summoned by the admiral and he said that I should use this.

''Mogami showed Kumano the 203 mm Twin gun mount.''

'''Kumano''': The reward of the expedition team?

'''Mogami''': Yup. I heard that it has longer range so I can initiate the attack. And hit harder at the cost of accuracy. But, these guns are fit(?) for me so I guess we can be pretty sure that I will get more MVPs more than you this time around.

'''Kumano''': Nee-san.

'''Mogami''': Of course I need to be dependable in order for me not to be looked down by the youngest of us. Kumano-chan, just be strong and grow stronger. It's for your sake.

'''Kumano''': Thanks. Anyways...

'''Mogami''': what is it?

'''Kumano''': We just entered the enemy waters.

'''Mogami''': well then...

'''Kumano''': Everyone! Let's get ready. We are on the enemy waters. Please let's take care of one another from now on. And let's do this to the glory of us and the most important person in our lives.

'''Others''': Yeah!

''The fleet finally cruises inside enemy waters.''


===The avoidance of airlfields===

'''Kumano''': Phew, the submarines are over... well then... Oh, there is a shorter way?

'''Mogami''': Really?

'''Abukuma''': wait, we will not pass this part?

'''Kumano''': It seems that our recons have found a safe path towards the next part and to avoid that enemy that stands in that island. Honestly, I am scared of her...

'''Sazanami''': I see why Master has brought Aviation cruisers rather than Aviation battleships. In order for us to avoid the Airfield. Looks like Master has done his homework.

'''Samidare''': Thank goodness.

'''Kumano''': Well then, let's proceed to the new path.

''The team has avoided the air defense node and they safely proceed towards the next area.''


===The return of the Destroyer Princess===

''The Transport Task Force arrives at the deepest part of the transport operations.''

'''Sazanami''': Hmm, I feel we will meet something dangerous here...

'''Samidare''': yeah. I feel it too.

'''Abukuma''': Guys, Lets get ready we have detected an enemy fleet up ahead.

'''Mogami''': Alright, let's welcome them...

''And the fleet has set their eyes on the enemy fleet.''



''A few minutes after, they made contact with the enemy fleet.''

'''Destroyer Princess''': This time around..., I won't... be defeated..!!

'''Kumano''': We are just passing through don't mind us... Or if you ever mind us...

''The fleet readied for the Initial airstrike.''

''The fleet managed to pass the air strike with virtually no damage at all and they proceed in defeating the boss.''




A few hours of intense battles, they won against the Destroyer Princess.

'''Kumano''': Phew. That was tough. We need to let the battle proceed at night in order for us to make carnage out of her.

'''Abukuma''': What's with her deal anyways? She suddenly pops out of nowhere and carrying an annoying light cruiser to finish us off.

'''Fubuki''': Well, that is my purpose being in this team anyways...

'''Others''': Yeah...

'''Sazanami''': Anyways, I'll call Master now and tell him the transport process is complete.

'''Others''': Please do.

''The others had a nice chitchat underneath the moonlight as Sazanami contacts the naval base to deliver the good news to the Admiral.''




'''Sazanami''': Master, we have finished our transport missions.

'''Hiro''': Good. Where are you right now?

'''Sazanami''': We are still in the landing point since we are all tired and hungry from the battles that happened left and right.

'''Hiro''': I see. Thanks for pushing through.

'''Sazanami''': Honestly, I really can't hit at all and the Escort team is making a killing. Could it be that we are somewhat penalized?

'''Hiro''': That is true.

'''Sazanami''': I see, that's why you never gave us great guns since it'll be a waste on us.

'''Hiro''': But you know, if you returned here after the few farming process, I think you can lay small damage to your enemies. Since your load out are not drums anymore.

'''Sazanami''': I see. Master, are you perhaps? Never mind... I am missing you already and I am bound to over think anyways.

'''Hiro''': well... Anyways, I'll do something when you return. Just take your time will you?

'''Sazanami''': Thanks Master.

''Sazanami turned the radio off and as she looks back the whole fleet was watching her on what expressions will she made.''

'''Sazanami''': Wait a minute? Could it be that you are all making bets on what will I look?

'''Samidare''': Well... (I can't tell her that we saw that lonely side of hers.)

'''Sazanami''': Anyways, let's return home. It's better to eat dinner at home.

'''Others''': Alright!

''The transport task force leaves the area after securing it.''


==Intermission# 3 - the time I came to the light...==

''I was rescued from the dark abyss that surrounds me. It was very dark and cold and I feel like my soul was being dragged into this darkness that was called the abyss. Then, a few moments later, a light came out and it shine upon me claiming me as I fell towards the darkness. I closed my eyes praying that there is a new beginning out there.''

''Then, I opened my eyes and see people around me.''

'''Kumano''': Hello, You must be the new Akizuki class Destroyer Named Hatsuzuki. Am I right? I am Kumano, a Mogami class aviation cruiser. Nice meeting you.

''The young lady winked at me and she smiled as she was gladly shows her emotions to me, I tried to reply but I failed to reply back due to my inability to draw out words out of my mouth.''

'''Kumano''': Oh. I better wait this time around. After all, Taigei-san was like this too when we last found her.

''I was assisted by the young lady who is a lot older than me and a beautiful Heavy cruiser. As I look around me, I saw a familiar figure... rather, a figure of someone I really don't know but felt so nostalgic. Suddenly, I remembered that young crane that I escorted back then.''

'''Hatsuzuki''': aaa... A... Zui... Ka...Ku...

'''Kumano''': Zuikaku?

'''Maya''': Oh, Shoukaku-san is here with us. Perhaps she was mistaken to Zuikaku.

'''Shoukaku''': Oh my. So this girl knows Zuikaku.

'''Kumano''': Well I guess so...

'''Hatsuzuki''': Tha...nk... good...ness...

'''Shoukaku''': You know, let's return now so that she can be introduced to the Admiral.

'''Kumano''': Alright then.

The young lady named Kumano stood and made a call to the admiral about her pleasant surprise. After Kumano ended the call, she asked the girl if she was alright.

'''Kumano''': Are you alright? Can you stand now?

''I immediately tried to stand up as they try to help me make my ways with the water. Surprisingly, I can move well in the water and I then managed to complete the words I try to convey.''

'''Hatsuzuki''': Thank you for rescuing me. I am the Akizuki class Destroyer Hatsuzuki. It's a pleasure meeting you.

''I bowed to the girls who have save my life from the darkness I was in.''

''Then, Kumano embraced me telling me some sweet words to my ear.''

'''Kumano''': You see, I am glad to finally meet one of you. No words can express how much joy I have to have a dependable partner with me. Also, everyone will love you because they have someone they can lean on now.

'''Hatsuzuki''': I see... By the way, is Akizuki-oneesan safe? Is Teruzuki-oneesan with you too?

'''Kumano''': well...

''I see the bitterness in her eyes as she tries to hide the fact that my sisters are nowhere in the place I am returning to.''

'''Kumano''': but, You can trust in me that I can bring your sisters back home. So please have faith on us?

''I nodded as to her answer as a sign that I understood the circumstances that covers the entire fleet.''

'''Kumano''': Well then, before you go an Met Zuikaku-san, I want you to meet this one person and introduce yourself properly. Though normally he is a troll, he is a kind guy at heart. I bet he will kneel and ask for your forgiveness if you show yourself in front of him. He is even willing to make him your slave just to appease your disappointment. Because he really tried so hard, yet he failed so hard. Oh yeah, before you ask who he is, I'll tell you what kind of person he is. First and foremost, that person is our supreme commander, though unreliable at times, he is a great man. He is the Admiral of our Humble Naval base. Our admiral that we loved so much, that we are willing to fight for his sake.

'''Hatsuzuki''': I see... Well then, I will meet him first before looking for Zuikaku-san.

'''Kumano''': Please do. It's Standard Operating Procedures anyways.

''I, along with the fleet proceed on the return trip back home.''


==The new operations: Into the northern seas...==

''The night has passed since the transport task force managed to clear the nearby area of the main operations.''

''The Admiral has organized his best fighting force as a statement towards the opposing enemy fleet.''



'''Hiro''': Well then. Since it's the main operation once more. Let me tell this one thing to you all.  Congratulations on making this far!

''The whole team applaud at his statement.''

'''Hiro''': Well then, since we aren't yet done with the actual operations, here is a single briefing.

'''Kinugasa''': I appreciate the offer Hiro, But normally, you put Mogami-san as the Flagship of the Surface Task Force. Why me this time?

'''Hiro''': You see...

'''Musashi''': Young Admiral are you perhaps making her level up for the purpose of the (false) marriage?

'''Hiro''': Well...

''The admiral Blushed to have his truth went out of the bag already.''

'''Kinugasa''': Hiro-san, such a meanie. You could have told me in private rather than letting Musashi-san ruin it.

'''Hiro''': Oh well... That is true. Anyways, Mogami said that she want others to do the job for now since... Well, Mikuma is guarding her for some reasons.

'''Kinugasa''': I see.

'''Hiro''': Well then, back to the topic; You will go to the these enemy infested waters to destroy this new type of abyssal. Honestly, I wish it's not a re-class battleship relative.

''The whole STF was murmuring on the dangers of the new opponent.''

'''Hiro''': Since they warned us about the final operations being hard to the core, I will not risk seeing you girls get hurt so I lowered the difficulty.

''The fleet felt a bit of a gloom.''

'''Hiro''': but then, since it's the last operation, I will expect hard battles now and then. Please don't lose hope. Nothing still beats that summer time in hell with Air Defense Princess.

'''Musashi''': True enough. But, why lower our difficulty for us?

'''Hiro''': Honestly, I don't think our resources can hold if we fight in a harder scale. Also I have other ships to save in the process.

'''Musashi''': I see. Well then, even if we get easy opponents this time around, We will be serious in dealing with them.

'''Hiro''': That's good. Kinugasa, Lead them along the way then

'''Kinugasa''': I understood then. Guys, let's go now. we have work to do!



''The whole Surface Task force left the office and the only ones left is the Admiral who was a bit sweaty from the heat of the projector and Sazanami who was fanning him.''

'''Hiro''': Sazanami, have I grown over-protective as of late?

'''Sazanami''': Master, why ask now of all times? You are always over-protective to us. But I didn’t hate it, since I know You are always there on our backs.

'''Hiro''': I see.

'''Sazanami''': By the way, Why Kazagumo-san looked so happy by the time we have arrived and her face seems like she has experienced... Wait a minute. Master, I ask of you to do what you did to her twice on me tonight.

'''Hiro''': Yes Ma'am.

'''Sazanami''': I can't believe it. Master is like a mouse who plays when we, the cats; are out to sortie.

''Sazanami was then crushing his hand as a sign of her jealousy.''


===The path is shortly long.===

''Kinugasa navigated the team towards the Submarine Infested waters and towards the next node to where something horrendous awaits them.''

'''Kinugasa''': Oh No! Why were there two of them here?

'''BB Hime 1''': because 1 is not enough to stomp you people.

'''BB Hime 2''': So we came here as a pair to destroy you all!

''Musashi who was already grinning to the sight of two battleship princess cracks her fist and happily invites them for a fight.''

'''Musashi''': You see, I wonder why the young Admiral would chicken out, But I can see that you two are the reasons for that. Well then, shall we continue our fight?

'''BB Hime 1''': With pleasure.

'''BB Hime 2''': Definitely.

'''Nagato''': Musashi-san, why are you taunting them?

'''Musashi''': Because it's the best way to divert their attention away from our weak armored escorts who are more vital in the night battles.

'''Nagato''': I see.

'''Kirishima''': Well then, It's been a long while since I fought someone of her caliber, can I and  Kongou-Oneesama join this bout?

'''Musashi''': It's a big help if you two join us.

'''Shoukaku''': I might be a bit incompetent, but let me help you girls too!

'''Musashi''': Good, that's the spirit.

'''Kinugasa''': I will be here as your contact then. I am afraid that I can't deal significant damage to her...

'''Musashi''': young cruiser, let me tell you something. Mogami-san is brave enough to fight her of despite her weaker power. Please be proud of yourself a bit and lend us a hand too.

'''Kinugasa''': If you say so. I wish Hiro will be happy to see me perform so well.

Kitakami who was on the ready position was a bit tense.

'''Kitakami''': Seriously? Two of them is overkill.

'''Kiso''': Do not worry, Our senpais will cover us.

'''Ooi''': I will hurt those who hurt Kitakami-san.

'''Abukuma''': I will make a way to protect all of us!

'''Musashi''': I see...

'''Abukuma''': eh!?

'''Musashi''': Thanks for your help then. Let us handle these big guns and deal with the small fries.

'''Abukuma''': Alright!

'''Musashi''': Well then, we are ready to fight.

'''BB Hime 1 and 2''': Bring it to us then!!!


===The Air Defense node once more...===

''After defeating the 2 Battleship Princesses the fleet was redirected towards a different place.''

'''Kinugasa''': What is this feeling I have? I have felt it yesterday, and now I am feeling it too right here and right now.

'''Shoukaku''': it must be that Airbase? Let me send a recon plane then.

'''Shoukaku '''lets out a plane for recon and then...

'''Shoukaku''': Affirmative, there is an Airfield in the area.

'''Kinugasa''': Alright, everyone braced for impact!

'''Shoukaku''': let me intercept some of them then.

''the Airfields has launched its planes and it flew towards the Surface Task Force. They managed to avoid getting damaged by the flying bombers.''

'''Kinugasa''': Status report?

'''Abukuma''': Escort fleet alright.

'''Musashi''': We of the main fleet are all sustained scratches. But it's nothing. Let us proceed towards the next battle.

'''Kinugasa''': Affirmative.

''the Fleet advance forward as they survive the bombing phase.''


===The Heavy Cruiser Princess.===

''Long story short, They met the Heavy Cruiser Princess and it was bad blood already.''

'''CA Hime''': Fools...Useless beings... I will sink you again...

'''Musashi''': Interesting.



''After a few minutes, the entire enemy fleet is defeated.''

'''Musashi''': Hmm... I know she is strong. But there is something strange in this map. Oh well...

The Surface Task Force returns back to the Naval base.


==Intermission #4 : The revenge of the fallen.==

'''CA Hime''': Guh... I am so weak. I want to get them at the very least...

Then a hand was reached out to her.

'''CA Hime''': Whose hand is this?

CA Hime looked up and saw the hand that wanted to help her.

'''BB Hime''': I am here as your aid then.

'''CA Hime''': I see...

'''BB Hime''': You looked in pain. did those girls did that to you?

'''CA Hime''': Yes.

'''BB Hime''': I see. Well then, Let me modify you a bit.

'''CA Hime''': Modify?

'''BB Hime''': This might be painful at the first attempt. But once you get used to it, your power will rise like there is no ceiling at all.



'''''BB Hime Stricken CA hime on her young body and CA Hime's scream echoes throughout the dark chamber she is in at the moment. The sound of pain CA Hime is screeching out dulls any normal pain any mortal has ever felt and somewhat similar to the pain of any mother giving birth to a child. The Scream lasted for a few minutes until the sound subsides.'''''

'''BB Hime''': It's all now fine. Well then, let's go and teach them a lesson.

'''CA Hime''': Absolutely.

''The two walked out of the dark chamber to fulfill a revenge.''




==The Last dance - the pre battle.==

''The fleet returns the area and see a new kind of opponent unfolds their eyes.''

'''CA Hime''': You nonchalant...useless beings... SINK!

'''BB Hime''': I am also here if you people have forgotten about me.

''The fleet felt intimidation to see another Battleship Princess in the enemy fleet.''

'''Kinugasa''': This is big trouble. I can feel that our opponents this time are in for some vengeance.

'''Musashi''': Kinugasa, Please help us win!

'''Kinugasa''': Alright. But don't expect much from me then.

'''Musashi''': Alright then. Everyone, who is still with me!?

'''Others''': We do!!!

'''Musashi''': I don't know what happened to the boss, but let's kick them like there is no tomorrow. This is for pride and for our love!!! Make every attack and Damage counts.

'''Others''': Yes Ma'am!!!

'''Musashi''': Well then, let's march towards the hellish battle field we are in now.

''The fleet then started to move forwards the opposing fleet.''


===Initial Phase===

''The surface Task force has intercepted the enemy fleet consists the following ships:''

*Heavy Cruiser Princess (damaged form)

*Battleship Princess

*Ru-class Battleship (flagship Variant)

*Tsu-class Light Cruiser

*2 Late model I-class Destroyers


'''Kinugasa''': Naval battle! I'm going to start, yeah?    

Kinugasa signals Shoukaku to prepare launching her planes to initiate the initial Air strike

'''Shoukaku''': I am launching my aircrafts now; Escort-chans, please wait for my mark to hit the opponent's fleet with your initial torpedo strike.

'''Abukuma''': Roger that.

'''Shoukaku''': Alright then. Support team, cover the assault squad!

''Shoukaku released her squadrons of planes towards the enemy fleet. Though it was pretty few in numbers in comparison to the number of planes the whole CTF threw on The Air Defense Princess, but in the end; they have secured the air with no problem at all.''

'''Abukuma''': Everyone, follow my instructions. Follow my instructions pleeease~!

''After that, Abukuma and the torpedo Cruisers fired their Hyoutekis towards the enemy fleet wounding the Escort Battleship Princess and killing the Late model I-class destroyer.''

''On the same time, the Heavy Cruiser Princess has initiated her initial torpedo Strike which caught Ooi Unaware.''

'''Ooi''': Oh no! My torpedo tubes are in tatters now!

''The battle starts after the premature exchange.''


===The exchange of shells===

''The Battleship Princess taunts Musashi as she tries to get her attention.''

'''Battleship Princess''': Not bad. But this is nothing but a scratch.

'''Musashi''': Well then, We shall make you bleed!



''There was a lot of shells exchanged between the two of them and then, the Abyssal numbers Dropped one by one until the Heavy Cruiser Princess remains''

'''Heavy Cruiser Princess''': It's futile... You can't... UAAARGH! HATE...!

The Main fleet failed to whittle down her life and the Escort ships tried chipping the life remaining of the Abyssal Heavy Cruiser, but also failed.

'''Abukuma''': Tch! not yet down. What should we do?

''The Heavy Cruiser Princess makes her exit as she tries to retreat back to her lair but there was a new directive given to the Escort fleet.''

'''Hiro (other side of the comm. link)''': Abukuma and the rest of the escort fleet. Pursue the enemy. You must sink her at all cost!!!

'''Abukuma''': Roger that.

''Abukuma closes the comm. link and she asked Kinugasa-san for her permission to pursue the fleeing enemy.''

'''Abukuma''': Kinugasa-san, we will pursue the survivor then.

'''Kinugasa''': Bon Voyage Abukuma.

''Abukuma left along with the whole escort team in pursuit of the Heavy Cruiser Princess.''


===The last Hoorah===

''The Heavy Cruiser Princess was on a limp on her way to her lair to get her repairs done. But she was intercepted by the pursuing Escort Fleet.''

'''Abukuma''': Well then, its night battle, but I will not lose to some night battle idiot somewhere.

'''Heavy Cruiser Princess''': Leave me Alone!!!

'''Abukuma''': There you are~ I knew you'd be here!

Abukuma fires at the limping Heavy Cruiser Princess and she managed to destroy the Said Abyssal with that attack which marks the end of their official campaign.

'''Heavy Cruiser Princess''': [Yakutatazudomoni… konowatashiga……. Munenda…. Kon'na……. Iya… mushiro… kokoroga… Karada no… koreha… souiukotonano? Watashi wa, hontōwa.] (the translation might come later)*



''Then The Heavy Cruiser Princess has fallen to the depths of the ocean floor. The Escort Fleet saw something surfacing above waters and it was a blond girl with different style of clothing.''

'''Abukuma''': Who is she?

''Yukikaze and Kasumi Shook their heads trying to figure out who was the mysterious ship-girl''

'''Kitakami''': Well then, let's take her back to the base. Our Foreign friends might know who she is.

'''Abukuma''': Oh right!

'''Ooi''': I want to have my nice and fresh bath soon. Kitakami-san, will you join me?

'''Kitakami''': Well...

'''Kiso''': Anyways... the Main Fleet has come to get us.

'''Kinugasa''': Hey! We are worried what's taking you so long.

'''Abukuma''': We found someone.

'''Kinugasa''': I see. well then, Lets head home. We will have a pre-party now.

'''Others''': really?

'''Kinugasa''': (Hiro sure did a lot of work today putting that up.) Yes, Also he has authorized the use the instant repair buckets for those who are lightly to heavily damage. So please hurry up before dinner gets cold.

'''Others''': Yeah!

The young blond girl woke up to the noise of the people chattering. She wondered where she could head this time. She tried communicating with everyone but no one understood her at all. She knew that these people who are with her are not her own people.

And so, the mission of the Surface Task Force is finally over.


==The Pre-celebration.==

''The Admiral who was standing in the front door of the entrance patiently waits for the combined fleet to arrive.''
'''Hiro''': Hmm... I can't wait to greet them.

''Sazanami who was in his side was holding his hand all the time tries to savor the moment until everyone has arrived.''

'''Sazanami''': Master, Now that the Operation is done, what are your next plans then?

'''Hiro''': Let's see. Since I am really obliged to look for more ships to rescue. I am putting up a small to moderate Task force to help me search for them.

'''Sazanami''': I see. I bet someone will be happy to reunite with her own sister.

'''Hiro''': Yeah.

''As the two converse the Combined fleet arrived at the scene while trying to make their communication to the foreign Ship work for them.''

'''Kinugasa''': Hiro!

Kinugasa runs towards the Admiral and she embraced him while looking at the pouting Sazanami who was seriously jealous at the situation.

'''Kinugasa''': Hiro, can you help us with that one? We can't talk to her at all except saying Ciao!

'''Hiro''': Well...

''The Admiral went to the foreign ship and ask for her name and her ship class.''

'''Hiro''': Ciao signorina, sto Hiro di Raven's Base. Posso sapere con chi sto parlando? [Hello Young Lady, I am Hiro of the Raven Base. May I know who am I speaking with?]

'''xxx''': Sto Zara della classe Zara incrociatori pesanti, mi è stata fatta e la vela in Italia. [I am Zara of the Zara Class Heavy Cruisers, I was made and sail in Italy.]

'''Hiro''': capisco [I see]

'''Zara''': Posso chiedere se si sono un po' di importanza di questa base navale? [May I ask if you are the somewhat of importance of this naval base?]

'''Hiro''': Oh I forgot. Sì, io sono l'Ammiraglio di questa base navale. Anche se io non sono vestita come una nel momento in cui io sono un ammiraglio certificata. [Yes, I am the Admiral of this naval base. Though I am not dressed as one in the moment, I am a certified Admiral.]

'''Zara''': capisco... [I see...]

'''Hiro''': (Damn, though this is a functional translator, It's still pretty hard for this device to catch up to the natural speakers after all.) Comunque, si è anche rallegrato per partecipare alla festa. Si prega di aiutare te stesso. [Anyways, you are also welcomed to join the party. Please help yourself.]

'''Zara''': Grazie per l'offerta. [Thank You for the offer.]

''Zara went in and the Admiral looked at his dumbfounded fleet seeing tow people communicate in a language they don't understand.''

'''Abukuma''': Wow...

'''Kitakami''': Pretty impressive.

'''Hiro''': Oh It's your first time seeing me talk like that. I am just using a translator device so I can pretty much talk to her at some constraints. though, my plan is that I need to give her a translation device too.

'''Kiso''': I see. That is why we can Understand the other foreigners of this base.

'''Hiro''': Yup. Anyways, all of you go and prepare yourselves. The party will start soon.

'''Others''': OH!

The rest of the fleet scrabled as they try to get bathed so that they can be renewed.

the ones who were left are the Admiral, Sazanami who was clinging on the Admiral's arm and Kinugasa who was also clinging to his other arm.

'''Hiro''': Umm... I can't move.

'''Sazanami''': Master, let me guide you. I can pretty much be more of an enjoyable host than that girl who has been sticking on you like a glue.

'''Kinugasa''': Oh my. Let me lead the way, I am way better than that silly young girl who still thinks she is the princess of some pudding kingdom.

'''Hiro''': Girls, If you don't stop now, I doubt she will not let this scenery passed us by?

'''Kinugasa''': Oh!

'''Sazanami''': Alright.

''The two remove their grip on the Admiral and the admiral then held the hands of the two.''

'''Hiro''': You see. It's my duty to lead the way. So let us go to the party then. Are we clear now?

'''Kinugasa''': Yeah... (He actually said that!)

'''Sazanami''': Yes Master. (I am not happy that he held her hand too. But this moment is so blissful enough that I will let that other hand pass for now.)

''The Admiral led the way and Sazanami and Kinugasa enters the Naval base.''



==Omake:==

''Aoba who was hiding on the tree saw all that happens and she managed to take a picture or two of the events that happened during that moment.''




'''Aoba''': Nice photos indeed. I might say that this is the definition of the spring itself.

''Aoba notices that she was being tailed.''

'''Aoba''': Hmm! (I am being tailed despite not revealing my true intentions?)

Aoba jumped from one tree branch to another avoiding the unknown.

'''Aoba''': Damn it. Who is she?

''Aoba missteps and she fell down from the tree. The Unknown person immediately approached Aoba.''

'''xxx''': I supposed this is what Agano-nee meant for a shadowy aura at the back of the Admiral.

'''Aoba''': Really? Why you? I though you are just a disciplinarian of your unreliable sister.

'''xxx''': Hmm... true. But Agano-nee warned me of a presence that was full of malice. It was always at the back of the Admiral.

'''Aoba''': Hmm. Agano sure has strong senses despite being a air head. Noshiro, would you let me pass on this one?

'''Noshiro''': Nope. Not this time. I will delete the photos of the... Oh! So Kinugasa is madly in love with him too. I rarely see that expression of hers since she was hiding it perfectly.

'''Aoba''': So, what is your true desires then Noshiro?

'''Noshiro''': Me? I still don't know what I want. Though the Admiral might have given me a reservation to his heart, I know that in the end... He will look for Sakawa who was the most cheerful of us all.

'''Aoba''': My? Jealous of an non-existent sister?

'''Noshiro''': I do. But now... I will delete these pics now.

'''Aoba''': No~!!!

''Noshiro pressed the factory settings of the camera erasing all photos she took for the longest time.''

'''Aoba''': My photos!!!

'''Noshiro''': But man, I never knew that you are great at stealth operations. I almost thought that I can't catch you.

'''Aoba''': Uuuu...

'''Noshiro''': Anyways, I better go now. I have to go to the party too. Have a nice morning Ahead Aoba!

''Noshiro walked away from the scene as Aoba tries to move herself back to her feet.''

Then Aoba grinned as if she was expecting that possibility.

'''Aoba''': Nah, that was close. That sure have killed me if I didn't bring this item with me.

Aoba took her camera and skillfully hack the system and she manages retrieve the data of the camera.

'''Aoba''': Well then... Time to return to work. Hiro might kill me if I haven't delivered these photos  tonight.

Aoba managed to stand up and she dusted off the dirt that clung on her dress. She went to her room to get change and made her way to do official business once more.
'''''- end'''''
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]