==The Librarian's secret==

The Admiral is busy looking at the cook book in the library.

'''Hiro''': (Let me see... I still have to give back cookies to the ones that had gave me chocolates. Damn, this is pretty troublesome itself.)

''As the Admiral browse the pages, I-8 (Hachi) Comes closer to the Admiral who was a bit troubled on what he will do in the return gifts for white day.''

'''Hachi''': You seem to be very bust Admiral.

'''Hiro''': Yeah. Thanks for worrying.

'''Hachi''': Can I sit next to you, if you don't mind?

'''Hiro''': Yes, Please do... I have a hard time talking to you if you are standing.

'''Hachi''': Alright.

Hachi sat on the available seat next to the Admiral and she also looked at the page the Admiral is looking at.

'''Hachi''': That is somewhat a grand gift you plan there...

'''Hiro''': Well, this is a bit different. These cookies were made for the special people that i want to give.

'''Hachi''': I see. By the way, how was your stomach?

'''Hiro''': As of now, it’s all better. Though I can't believe that I ate at least 3 worse chocolate, I was surprised that I still can stand though after that.

'''Hachi''': Well, I guess you have obtained an iron stomach then.

'''Hiro''': Silly. By the way, how are the things here? Are there anything new here?

'''Hachi''': Well, asides from you visiting today, Kazagumo seemed to be on a little research too.

'''Hiro''': Kazagumo did?

'''Hachi''': I asked her on the topic, but she didn't disclose it to me. Probably she is keeping things under the wraps so that you will not know it.

'''Hiro''': So I need to get myself ready on whatever things she has in plan.

'''Hachi''': Goodluck on that.

'''Hiro''': sigh*

'''Hachi''': By the way, can I ask a personal question?

'''Hiro''': What is it?

'''Hachi''': Well...

I-8 tried to hide her emotion, but her body's action gives out her real motive.

'''Hachi''': Well... Did you like my Chocolate?

'''Hiro''': Oh, that chocolate? It was one of my most liked chocolate that I had tasted so far.

'''Hachi''': I see, well...

'''Hiro''': By the way, what did you put in the chocolate?

'''Hachi''': well, Vanilla and crushed nuts.

'''Hiro''': I see... (Now that I remember, a lot of those chocolate came to me that I had a hard time distinguishing how one is different to the other)

'''Hachi''': Admiral, Do you like it?

'''Hiro''': Yup. It was pretty good.

'''Hachi''': Phew. I guess this is a good response.

'''Hiro''': Anyways, can you give me that book too?

'''Hachi''': Eh!?

'''Hiro''': What is the matter?

'''Hachi''': There was no book to that recipe. I just made that recipe...

'''Hiro''': I see... (So in the end, she helped others too. How nice of her.)

'''Hachi''': Admiral... can I tell you something before everyone gets back?

'''Hiro''': What is it?

'''Hachi''': Admiral...

Then the door opens and the other subs had entered.

'''Goya''': Finally! Some peaceful times-decchi! Oh Admiral!

'''Hiro''': Goya, are you folks done?

'''Goya''': Yup. By the way, what are you looking at-decchi?

'''Hiro''': the cookie Catalogue. I was planning on what to make for all of you for this White day.

'''Goya''': I see-decchi!

Hachi who has lost her chance stood up and returned to her place and started reading books once more.

'''Goya''': By the way Admiral, can I tell you something in secret?

'''Hiro''': Okay.

'''Goya''': You see... [Hacchan really helped us in making our chocolates since we kinda sucked in making one. can you reward her for that effort-decchi?]

'''Hiro''': [Don't worry, I know it already.]

'''Goya''': Really!?

'''Hiro''': Yup.

Goya and the Admiral looked at the focused Hachi who was busy looking at the book she just borrowed.

'''Hiro''': Goya, I will give you something special so please wait for 'it'.

'''Goya''': Alright-decchi!

'''Goya '''left the Library and the Admiral stood up and went to the Librarians desk.

'''Hiro''': Hacchan~

'''Hachi''': !?

'''Hiro''': I guess this should work.

'''Hachi''': What do you want?

'''Hiro''': Well, I will borrow this book and can you let me do soemthing? Don’t worry, it’s nothing sexual or something that will hurt you.

'''Hachi''': I don't mind...

'''Hiro''': well...

The Admiral then whispered something to Hachi's ear and then Hachi fell to her knees and she started crying tears of joy.

'''Hachi''': Admiral... thank you. I love you too. Ich Liebe dich.

'''Hiro''': Thanks, but it's not enough... Anyways, I really like that Chocolate. Don't worry I will reward you for your efforts.

'''Hachi''': Yes...

The Admiral left the Library carrying one book that he borrowed from the library.

Hachi regains her composure and returns to her seat and started reading the book while carrying a big smile on her face.

'''HachI''': (I guess, there are people who really appreciates your efforts once they learn about it. Oh well, I better fight too.)

Hachi then managed to fold the fort all by herself.


==Yahagi's role.==

Yahagi arrived at the naval base a few days before the operation ends and now a part of the naval base as a substitute Light Cruiser.

'''Yahagi''': Agano-nee... May I ask why Noshiro is more leveled that you despite being younger in you in terms of arrival?

'''Agano''': Oh! About Noshiro, it's the Admiral's Discretion that's why she was way higher than me despite being younger than me.

'''Yahagi''': I see... By the way, why are you still looking so gloom, wasn't this supposed to be a celebration for someone really cared for Noshiro?

'''Agano''': The problem is that our Admiral really wants to meet Sakawa. Poor Noshiro, she feels the pain of being just a replacement.

'''Yahagi''': I see... Now I know why Noshiro tries so hard to be with the Admiral, I thought at first he is just a lolicon, but when I saw Kinugasa-san and him kissing on the balcony, my thoughts has changed.

'''Agano''': By the way, that last statement of yours is something you should keep to yourself. We all agreed not to discuss these things.

'''Yahagi''': why?

'''Agano''': Because... I really don't know. You can ask Noshiro herself, or even...

'''Yahagi''': I really am not comfortable keeping secrets though.

'''Agano''': Well, everyone just got used to it.

'''Yahagi''': Now, since we are still here inside of this room, can I ask you to remove the Kotatsu?

'''Agano''': Yahagi... Do you want your older sister to die in the cold?

'''Yahagi''': Dammit Agano-nee, We are actually using the Air conditioning to warm ourselves so please step out of that Kotatsu.

'''Agano''': Teehee~

'''Yahagi''': Why am I assigned to be your Caretaker if Noshiro is supposed to be doing this?

'''Agano''': Because she is pretty useless once she remembers the Admiral.

'''Yahagi''': Hah... now I have to deal this slacker of a sister I have. Noshiro... Come back to us already!

That day, Noshiro returned to do all the work Yahagi didn't managed to do


==Satsuki's surprise.==

'''Satsuki''': Mikazuki, why are we together at this point of time?

'''Mikazuki''': Because I want to learn how did you managed to let the Commander level you ahead of me.

'''Satsuki''': Heheh... so you are jealous that I got first?

'''Mikazuki''': Not really. But I find it unfair...

'''Satsuki''': Honestly, I have no idea too, but let's ask him, we might know something in return.

'''Mikazuki''': Alright.

The two went to the Admiral's room.



A few moments after, Mikazuki suddenly got cold feet as she touches the door knob.

'''Mikazuki''': I am scared...

'''Satsuki''': Why now? Was it because Sazanami-san still didn't like that?

'''Mikazuki''': I don't know... I feel like I will vanish if I step inside.

'''Satsuki''': Really, you know what? I really like the commander too, but since he has chosen you from the rest of us, we all respected that since we all want you to be happy since we are your sisters, so remove that doubt you carry or I'll drag you here if you still refuse to enter.

'''Mikazuki''': Alright...

'''Satsuki''': Well then...

Satsuki grabbed the door knob and she opened the door and the Admiral was sitting on the chair drinking some chocolate.



'''Hiro''': Oh, how rare you two visit me.

'''Satsuki''': I have some Inquiry to ask, can I?

'''Hiro''': Alright.

'''Satsuki''': I heard from Mikazuki that she was supposed to be leveled before me, but why did you gave priorities to me?

'''Hiro''': Well... Sorry Mikazuki-san.

'''Mikazuki''': Hmph... Commander is such a cheater.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Satsuki''': So why? Why is it me?

'''Hiro''': I heard from the other bases that you have received a second remodel.

'''Satsuki''': A second Remodel!?

'''Mikazuki''': I see... so since I have no Second Remodel, it's fine for you to ditch me...

'''Hiro''': Please Mikazuki, don't say that... It breaks my heart.

'''Mikazuki''': You deserve it.

'''Satsuki''': I see... Well thanks commander. I will take my leave.

'''Mikazuki''': I will take my leave too...

'''Hiro''': Wait a minute Mikazuki.

'''Mikazuki''': What was it this time?

'''Hiro''': Can you forgive me for neglecting you?

'''Mikazuki''': well...

'''Satsuki''': I will leave already, just get hitched already you two.

'''Mikazuki''': What!? Satsuki!!!

'''Satsuki''': well then...

Satsuki dashed as fast as she can in order for her to hide her excitement for her second remodel.

Then the days of her transformation will start soon.



==Mikazuki's worries.==

Mikazuki was left in the Admiral's office after Satsuki ditched her.

'''Mikazuki''': ...

'''Hiro''': So Mikazuki, can we talk this one out?

'''Mikazuki''': Alright.

Mikazuki closes the door and she sat at the Admiral's lap while the Admiral pats her head.

'''Mikazuki''': So now, what do you want to say to me? More lies? Will you neglect me once more?

'''Hiro''': Well...

'''Mikazuki''': You know, It's fine for me if you flirt with Kisaragi-nee or even to Uzuki and Yayoi who I know and the whole base knows that they are your prospect little sisters and the papers are just a few trials more before they got approved. But, you can't neglect me... Because I am scared of disappearing once more.

'''Hiro''': Sorry Mikazuki, the remodel just came up and I am really serious on leveling you... But these things happens.

'''Mikazuki''': I am fine with that. Afterall, I understand you the most. More than what Kazagumo-san knows and wants; more than What Samidare perceives you to be and more than what Sazanami-san has seen in you. Because I have seen the light and the darkness in your heart, For I am the moonlight that illuminate your nights.

'''Hiro''': Yeah. But you know, with you sitting on my lap really turns me on...

'''Mikazuki''': well, I do plan on seducing too...

'''Hiro''': Seriously, you are supposed to be a bit childish than what I know of you.

'''Mikazuki''': Sorry Commander, but I am so different from the normal ones that you have spoken of.

'''Hiro''': I see. Well... Mikazuki, can you still be my moonlight?

'''Mikazuki''': Of course, it’s a yes. For I am the only one who can light you in the darkest of nights.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Mikazuki''': Can I ask something from you? I haven't formally forgiven you so can you please do me a favor so that I can fully forgive you.

'''Hiro''': What is it?

'''Mikazuki''': Can you put your lips into mine. I long to share my first kiss with the Commander even though your first is not me.

'''Hiro''': If I can be forgiven by that action... then I guess, time for you to get your first Kiss away.

'''Mikazuki''': I am prepared for that.

Mikazuki gave her first kiss to her commander and after that Mikazuki stood up and left the office. Mikazuki walked towards the rooftop to look at the clear sky as she tries to remember the taste of her first kiss.

'''Mikazuki''': (I see, he taste like the Chocolate drink he just took a few minutes ago. I wish I can taste him more...)

Mikazuki sat on the bench and looked at the sea as she waits for the sun to set.


==Umikaze and Kawakaze==

Kawakaze is running away from the ever approaching Umikaze.

'''Kawakaze''': I don't get it, why are you chasing me?

'''Umikaze''': Because you still have something to do to me.

'''Kawakaze''': But...

'''Umikaze''': Can't you see...

'''Kawakaze''': I can't... I am not looking at you.

'''Umikaze''': (pouts)

'''Kawakaze''': sorry... but...



A few hours ago...

Kawakaze and Umikaze were in their rooms.

'''Kawakaze''': Let see... I have to go now Umi, I have some expedition to do...

'''Umikaze''': I see... Wait, Sendai-san told me that she is not on expedition today!

'''Kawakaze''': Teehee~

'''Umikaze''': ...

'''Kawakaze''': What is the matter, you seem to be shaking?

'''Umikaze''': Kawakaze, can I ask you something?

'''Kawakaze''': Yes you can.

'''Umikaze''': Have you been in love?

'''Kawakaze''': no. not really. Why are you asking that anyways?

'''Umikaze''': I see... Kawakaze, you see... I am in love.

'''Kawakaze''': really? With the Admiral? But... you will have a lot of competition if you do that.

'''Umikaze''': No. Not the Admiral...

'''Kawakaze''': Then who?

'''Umikaze''': It's...

Then the door opens and Suzukaze enters the room without notice.

'''Suzukaze''': Hey Guys! Are you free today?

'''Umikaze''': ...

'''Kawakaze''': I am not free though. Umi, are you free today?

'''Umikaze''': Somewhat...

'''Suzukaze''': Well then. Kawakaze, can I borrow your partner for a while?

'''Kawakaze''': Alright.

Suzukaze dragged Umikaze outside and she was immediately placed as the Flagship of the training fleet.



A few hours later.

'''Umikaze''': So tough... So ruthless...

'''Kawakaze''': Welcome back.

'''Umikaze''': Give me a hug...

Kawakaze immediately avoided Umikaze's hug.

'''Umikaze''': !?

Umikaze tried to do it once more but Kawakaze dodges as if there was danger tipped in the embrace of Umikaze.

'''Kawakaze''': Why are you persistent?

'''Umikaze''': Isn't it normal for me to make some skinship with you?

'''Kawakaze''': No way. That is not normal at all...

'''Umikaze''': Kawakaze... just hug me...

Kawakaze immediately run outside of the room...





A few hours after, Kawakaze was cornered and was bound by the wire that Umikaze has laid down at some point of the chase and Kawakaze is into imminent danger.

'''Umikaze''': Hehehehehhh... Gotcha...

'''Kawakaze''': Umi, this is weird, why are your eyes comparable to Ooi-san's eyes?

'''Umikaze''': Because, these are the eyes...

'''Kawakaze''': Nevermind, Why do you laugh like Ooi-san?

'''Umikaze''': Because she is my...

'''Kawakaze''': nevermind. Umi, I can't embrace you now... Because...

Kawakaze shouted in the air and Umikaze stopped moving after hearing those words that came out from Kawakaze's mouth.

'''Umikaze''': Is that the truth?

'''Kawakaze''': Yes...

'''Umikaze''': Foolish girl. Then take responsibility after that.

'''Kawakaze''': I will...

Umikaze untied Kawakaze and she helped her stand up and then they went back to their room while holding their hands. Only that place and the hidden camera were the witnesses to the blooming relationship of the two who was a bit awkward with one another.



==The meeting of two light cruisers==

Naka and Noshiro were not friends at all... though they have been colleagues since the Kasumi leveling program, they were never friends to begin with. And now, the two has crossed roads once again.

'''Naka''': ...

'''Noshiro''': ...

There was silence between the two and they both proceed towards the same destination.

'''Noshiro''': It seems that you are also summoned by him.

'''Naka''': Same to you... By the way, this is the first time we have talked to one another right?

'''Noshiro''': Now that you mentioned it... yeah, Normally, Agano is the one who talks to you. And I was always asking Advice to Jintsuu-san on how to become a better person.

'''Naka''': I see. By the way, your hair is lovely... It's so smooth

'''Noshiro''': Thanks, for me to be liked by the fleet's Idol... It's an honor.

'''Naka''': Nah, this title is just mine alone anyways. It's not that I am a decent Idol anyways...

'''Noshiro''': But you still managed to keep up with your work schedule as an idol and your duties as a ship-girl.

'''Naka''': Well, I do owe it a lot to the Admiral.

'''Noshiro''': I see. Say, how much do you know about the Admiral?

'''Naka''': Now that you mentioned it, I spend most of my time being with him...

'''Noshiro''': what is he like when he is at work?

'''Naka''': Well... she has this very serious aura and sometimes... I feel like that he can do things, if he puts his mind into it.

'''Noshiro''': Sounds like a reliable person different from the person we knew.

'''Naka''': Yeah. I guess he is just too lazy.



As the two have a chit-chat, they both arrive at the office.

'''Naka''': Admiral, It's me.

'''Noshiro''': I have arrived, Admiral.

'''Hiro''': You can enter.

The two entered the office and saw the Admiral looking at the documents and Sazanami doing some paperworks too.

'''Hiro''': Sorry for the short notice, I was thinking of having reliable people do this job but I need to make sure my supplies will last, so you two... You will have to guide Satsuki to level her up.

'''Naka''': Again?

'''Noshiro''': Wait Admiral... Why us?

'''Hiro''': Well, Just in case you get to the Battleship node, I want everyone to be durable enough to withstand her attacks.

'''Naka''': I see.

'''Hiro''': Also, Sazanami...

'''Sazanami''': Yes Master.

Sazanami stood up and she pulls out some piece of paper out of her skirt and she gave it to the Admiral.

'''Hiro''': well then. Wait... Sazanami, wrong items.

'''Sazanami''': Oh!

Sazanami takes back the paper and she pulled out a card from her pocket and she gave it to the Admiral.

'''Hiro''': You two, I still haven't rewarded you both for our last operations... so take this.

The Admiral gave Naka and Noshiro a piece of card containing the words [‘spend a day with me' Ticket]


'''Naka''': Lame...

'''Noshiro''': Lame...

'''Hiro''': Sorry, my budget was a bit tight and I have something to use the money for... So I can't give you something fancier.

'''Naka''': I do not mind it at all... After all, you still haven't formally introduced Mikazuki-san to us as one of your lovers... so I think we are just fine if you just spoil her this time around.

'''Noshiro''': Me too. I think, we have to be thankful with whatever we got.

'''Hiro''': I see. By the way, that ticket has a right to do whatever they want to me for as long as it is possible.

'''Naka and Noshiro''': ... (Really!?)

'''Sazanami''': Master… that is some weird condition you got there... Can I have tens of thousands of it...?

'''Hiro''': Well, you don't need that anyways. I am letting you do everything to me and you are letting me do whatever I want.

'''Sazanami''': Actually, Mikazuki's case is an exception... I really hate it though. Master, spoil me tonight.

'''Hiro''': Alright. By the way, you two... wait, why do you look so red?

'''Noshiro''': Nothing... Nothing at all.

'''Naka''': Yeah, we might be feeling the heat, after all...

'''Hiro''': Hmm... The Air conditioner is fine, oh well. Naka and Noshiro, you two are both dismissed. The training will start tomorrow.

'''Noshiro''': Alright.

'''Naka''': Okay~.

The two left the room and they still looked so red after hearing the conditions.



'''Naka''': (hmm... Since I got the Admiral spend a whole day with me... kyaa! I don't know what to do at all...)

'''Noshiro''': (If I use this, how can I get some points without someone interfering and making the Admiral know my true in... wait...) Naka-san, why are you red?

'''Naka''': Well... to think that we can do whatever we want to the admiral... I am...

'''Noshiro''': So... Do you like him at some point?

'''Naka''': Eh...

'''Noshiro''': Normally, you will not think of these things since you are an idol... but, all I can see now is that you want to become idol for him alone.

'''Naka''': So you found out...

'''Noshiro''': Well... I just stumbled upon it. Sorry about that.

'''Naka''': Don't worry, I know that you have your eyes set on the Admiral too... like you are pretty obvious there, Miss Noshiro

'''Noshiro''': Well, it's a pleasure hearing that from you.

'''Naka''': Well then, How about we have a double date and let him pick between the two of us.

'''Noshiro''': Agreed...

'''Naka''': Well... Looks like we are too comfortable with one another, let's become friends and rivals, just like how Samidare and Sazanami were to the Admiral.

'''Noshiro''': Alright...

The two shook hands and the two walked quietly back to their own respective rooms.



==Samidare and Sazanami's alone time.==

Currently, the Admiral was with Samidare and Sazanami was currently cooking dinner for the three of them, It was around 11 in the evening when the three met outside of work.

'''Hiro''': So Sazanami, how was everything today?

'''Sazanami''': As of now, nothing new happens. Though I heard from the night watch room that there was some illicit romance born once more, but there was no proof since that video somehow has bad quality.

'''Hiro''': I see... Samidare, aren't you feeling tired now?

'''Samidare''': Well, I am fine. Asides, we rarely meet outside work.

'''Hiro''': That is true. Also I can't touch you two while we are at work.

'''Sazanami''': Master... Never mind, since it's just the three of us in this room.

'''Hiro''': Yeah. But this food sure takes a bit of time to get cook.

'''Samidare''': Well... The food will not run away, so...

'''Hiro''': What do you imply?

'''Sazanami''': Master, please entertain yourself by using us...

'''Hiro''': Nope. We'll do that after we eat. Dinner is important.

'''Samidare''': Alright.

'''Sazanami''': Just keep your word then.

'''Hiro''': I will...

The Admiral stirred the pasta as he finished cooking the sauce.



A few minutes after, they made their dinner and they ate in the empty mess hall to where the three are having a fun conversation. A few minutes after, they finished eating and the three went to the rooftop and see the stars.



'''Hiro''': The stars looked beautiful tonight.

'''Sazanami''': Master, you always say the moon is beautiful. Wait, was it because Master has assigned someone to be his moon?

'''Samidare''': Really? I didn't know this?

'''Hiro''': Yeah. I forgot to tell you two, but please take care of Mikazuki from now on.

'''Samidare''': Mikazuki-chan it is.

'''Sazanami''': Mikazuki... the crescent moon. She really is like a shadow in your presence. I can feel that she avoids me at all cost.

'''Hiro''': Well... she is afraid to be drown by your sunlight.

'''Sazanami''': Hmm...

'''Samidare''': Anyways, what should we do now?

'''Sazanami''': Let's play UNO. We haven't played that for a long time.

'''Hiro''': Yup. I kinda missed the time we spend on playing analog games.

'''Samidare''': Shall we call the fourth member?

'''Hiro''': Nah. The three of us will do. I don't want to add more players for now.

'''Sazanami''': Alright then.

The three has started playing UNO.


==Zara and the Oxygen Torpedoes...==

Zara has one fascination in her current stay... She wanted to be equipped with 'Oxygen Torpedoes'

To everyone's surprise, Zara is always at the factory looking if someone is making Oxygen Torpedoes or if someone gets one after their remodel.

'''Zara''': Sigh* looks like no torpedoes for today.

Then as she looked at the docks, she saw the Submarines coming out of there after their repairs.

Zara immediately grabbed the German Submarine U-511 and she began interrogating her.

'''Zara''': Hello...

'''Yuu''': Hello...

'''Zara''': Can I borrow that torpedo tube mount?

'''Yuu''': The Quint-tube one? I have to use it soon. So I can't.

'''Zara''': I see...

'''Yuu''': By the ways, why do you want them? It's not like we have a shortage of it anyways.

'''Zara''': Well...

Then, Yuu's team mates calls her from afar.

'''I-8''': Yuu-chan, hurry up. We have to finish the operations.

'''I-19''': Let's finish it while we are still okay.

'''Yuu''': Wait for me. Commander said that we should rest a bit.

'''I-8''': Alright.

'''I-19''': okay.

'''Yuu''': Tell Imuya-san that once she finished doing the repairs, she can join us.



Yuu waves back at her teammates and she return to asking Zara.

'''Yuu''': Zara-san, are you perhaps... a cruiser that haven't been equipped with torpedoes?

'''Zara''': Yes. Sigh*

'''Yuu''': Hmm... I think, it's best to ask the commander about that since he knows the number of torpedoes we have in stock.

'''Zara''': Alright.



Zara then walks away and she proceeded to the Admiral's office to where she finds the Admiral talking to Sazanami.

'''Hiro''': You see... If we somehow modified the Fire Directors, we can make a new 10cm High angle mount plus Anti-Air Fire Director.

'''Sazanami''': I see...

'''Zara''': Umm...

'''Hiro''': Oh welcome Zara, is there something you want to ask?

'''Zara''': Well... You see Admiral... I want an Oxygen Torpedo too...

'''Hiro''': Oh a torpedo... wait!

'''Sazanami''': I see... By the way, why do you want one? It's practically dangerous to own one.

'''Zara''': I just want to know what it feels to own one.

'''Sazanami''': I see...

'''Hiro''': Sazanami, we can borrow that one, right?

'''Sazanami''': Yup Master. I was about to dispose of it, but she just need to touch it right?

'''Hiro''': Yes. Bring her there to the development room.

'''Sazanami''': Alright.

Sazanami escorted Zara towards the development room and there Zara saw lots of torpedo mounts that were to be scrapped.



'''Zara''': Wow... This is truly a paradise...

'''Sazanami''': Honestly, when I think of Torpedoes, I remember Ushio's burden.

'''Zara''': Burden?

'''Sazanami''': Anyways, here is out triple oxygen torpedo mount. It's a stock equipment of Fubuki-san who turned into Kai ni few months ago.

Zara touched the torpedo and she was fascinated by the idea existence of the torpedo.

'''Zara''': Wow. Looks like I really want to own one too...

'''Sazanami''': while the equipments here is more of borrowing and returning, we really want to have more better equips so that each one of has better equipment in the future.

'''Zara''': I see.

'''Sazanami''': Alright, let's go out. We will not sortie anyways so we need to get out of this room immediately.

'''Zara''': Yes Ma'am.



After her tour to the torpedo room, Zara went to her room and she was surprised to see a fully covered item in her bed.

Zara took the covered item and she immediately removed its packaging and she was surprised to see a long pillow that looked like a torpedo.

Zara immediately cuddles it and from that day, she always sleep with it beside her.

|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

===Behind scenes:===


After Zara and Sazanami left the office, the Admiral summoned Nagato. Nagato arrived and the Admiral has opened a proposition to Nagato and Nagato was paid accordingly to the service that she will be doing.

'''Nagato''': I see... so you want to please that girl?

'''Hiro''': Not really. Anyways, she reminds me of the two kids at some point. It makes me want to spoil her at some point.

'''Nagato''': I see... So, how fast do I need to do it?

'''Hiro''': 30 minutes only, I believe you have a gray cloth there and some fillings.

'''Nagato''': Yup. Anyways, I'll be heading back to my workspace now.

'''Hiro''': Please do...



And after that deal, Nagato made that long pillow in only 15 minutes tops and she and Mutsu covered it with some fine packaging so that it doesn't look like it was made here.



==Yamashiro Kai Ni...==

Yamashiro Finally reaches her remodel level.



'''Yamashiro''': sigh* this is just misfortune...

'''Fusou''': Why Yamashiro? Is there a problem?

'''Yamashiro''': You see... the Admiral is going to get me anytime sooner.

'''Fusou''': Oh my. This is a great opportunity.

'''Yamashiro''': Tch. that guy pisses me off at some point you see. Sister, why do you like him?

'''Fusou''': You see... the Admiral is just like us at some point... He is also brewed with misfortune. And clearly, even though he doesn't looked like someone who has misfortune, I am sure he is having a hard time dealing with everything.

'''Yamahiro''': nee-sama, no matter what happens. I will not like him.



Then there was a knock in their room.

Yamashiro stood up and she opened the door only to see the Admiral smiling at her.

'''Yamashiro''': Such Misfortune...

'''Hiro''': You must know what is my arrival means?

'''Yamashiro''': Yes.

Yamashiro then calls up to Fusou's name before she went out with the Admiral.

'''Yamashiro''': Nee-sama, I'll be back later.

'''Fusou''': Take care.



Yamashiro was then escorted by the Admiral towards the Factory.

'''Hiro''': So Yamashiro, Are you excited?

'''Yamashiro''': Not really. After all, I am just getting a remodel. I will just grow in strength and I can have great equipments too.

'''Hiro''': So, is that all you have to say?

'''Yamashiro''': What do you mean?

'''Hiro''': You see... I was expecting you to say that you will be able to help Fusou. Am I right?

'''Yamashiro''': Uh... why did I forgot that most important part?

'''Hiro''': Probably your eyes are fixed in the wrong aspects of life. You see, someone like you needs to cheer up a bit.

'''Yamashiro''': Sorry to make you worry.

'''Hiro''': Nah. It's pretty rare for us to talk together since you kinda dislike me.

'''Yamashiro''': Well, since Nee-sama always talks about you... I really can't imagine what you did to Nee-sama to be like that.

'''Hiro''': Chill, don't need to worry about that anyways. Yamashiro, did you know that your sister really wants you to be happy.

'''Yamashiro''': Really? Wait... since you said that, I am doubtful of that.

'''Hiro''': You really don't like me at all. Oh well, since we are getting to the factory, I kinda wished that they make you more... hmm... nicer.

'''Yamashiro''': I will not try to be nice just for you.



The two reached the factory and Yamashiro almost steps towards the door. But before she enters, the Admiral calls for her.

'''Hiro''': Yamashiro... Catch it!

The Admiral throws something to Yamashiro and Yamashiro catches it.

Yamashiro didn't opened the item the Admiral has thrown to her and she went inside of the factory to get her second remodel



A few minutes after her entrance, Yamashiro undergoes transformation and she became the new and Improved Yamashiro.

The new Yamashiro who just have her transformation took the item that was tucked in her skirt pocket.

She opens it and saw a bracelet that was covered by the wrapper.

Yamashiro: not bad at all...

Yamashiro steps out of the factory she went to where the Admiral is waiting for her.



==Amagi's question==

Amagi has undergone her remodel and she is now a remodeled carrier. But she realized something was wrong... The Admiral has been staring at her a lot of times. So she decided to confront the Admiral.

'''Amagi''': Admiral. I want to ask something about you.

'''Hiro''': what is it?

'''Amagi''': Are you perhaps... A pervert.

Sazanami who was listening to the conversation facepals to the question of Amagi

'''Hiro''': Yes Amagi. I am indeed a pervert. Why do you ask?

Amagi then covers her minimal clothes with her hands as she tries to ask the Admiral.

'''Amagi''': Admiral... could it be, that you remodeled me just to look at my body?

'''Hiro''': You see... that is the truth. Teehee!~

As the Admiral says some clichéd lines, Sazanami steps on his foot.

'''Sazanami''': Master, This is the first time I have heard of that. Care to explain it to me...

'''Hiro''': Sazanami... wait, I am just joking... Wait...

Sazanami then calms down after knowing the truth.

'''Sazanami''': Geez, Master is someone who is willing to say that he is one but... You know that deep inside of that mind of yours, you want me to be like that too... You want me to shed something.

'''Hiro''': So you know what I am thinking after all. Oh well... Anyways, Amagi, by any chance; did you looked at the records of the other naval bases?

'''Amagi''': I did and I saw that this form was something similar to Unryuu-neesan.

'''Hiro''': Oh. Well, sorry if you think that I am indeed making you a lot uncomfortable. Anyways, you can wear a jacket above if you think you are feeling uncomfortable.

'''Amagi''': Thanks, but its fine for me if I can help you in some way possible.

'''Hiro''': well, I do not mind. But if you really want to tempt me like that, I believe I will be seeing stars once in a while or probably see the other side.

'''Amagi''': Well, I am just teasing you too... anyways, how is Katsuragi-chan faring?

'''Hiro''': Well, she is just love struck with the mechanic...

'''Amagi''': I see...

'''Sazanami''': Amagi-san, should you be on sortie?

'''Amagi''': Oh, I forgot. Anyways, I'll be going then.

Amagi left the room and the two was alone in that room.



Amagi runs towards the exit to where the rest of the team is waiting for her arrival.

'''Zara''': So, Did you convince him?

'''Amagi''': Nah, the defense is too thick. Sazanami is not helping in this battle.

'''Tone''': Well, that is what you expect of Sazanami-san, she really knows what to do once things got a bit suggestive...

'''Zuihou''': Guys, what are you talking about?

'''Amagi''': I am trying to see if I can seduce the Admiral. But looks like he has something in his mind.

'''Tone''': You will get more chances in the future. Go fight.

'''Zara''': I will support you too.

'''Amagi''': You know what guys, let's do the sortie. Also, Zara... I am envious of you.

'''Zara''': Me? How?

'''Amagi''': it's a secret.

The fleet went out and level themselves in the Kis Island.


==An Admiral's White day==

The Admiral of the Raven base is not a busy person in general, but there are few occasions on which he is so busy to the core. These are namely; the special operations, the farming runs, Christmas and White day.

White day in accordance to the Admiral's not so distant past, was a mess to his lifestyle as a lazy guy. But this time around, he actually made some effort to make something in return. Especially to the around 140+ girls that have given him chocolate without fail even thought it all ended up being delivered the day after the Red day, the Admiral did accepted it all as a part of appreciating his girls.

But there is a problem with returning the chocolate that was given to him. Most of the chocolates were made by copying someone's recipe and others made something out of this world. But nevertheless, he will return it to those who had given him... even to those who haven't really given him choco a month ago.

Morning of that said date, the Admiral has dressed up in his chef's uniform and started making return chocolates and cookies. Though the process of making it is rather easy, the trouble lies with the 140+ ship-girls that he have to give. He is definitely alone in making the return sweets and he even put a signage on the door saying that the Admiral is currently making white day return chocolate.

To his surprise, there is already a commotion outside of the Kitchen, so he contacted his ever-so-trusted Secretary to hold the reins of all the excited ship-girls.



A few hours after, the Admiral made a batch of cookies and chocolate that was meant to be given to all of his girls. He called up the Old man Jiro to help him with the sorting and he also called Kuro to do some heavy lifting.

'''Kuro''': heavy lifting? It's just white day isn't it?

'''Hiro''': Well, I made too much for everyone.

Kuro facepalms on the reality that was said right in front of his face.

'''Hiro''': By the way Kuro, have you given them your return chocolate?

'''Kuro''': Haah!? Who are you to tell me to give them return chocolates? Asides, I am not so kind like you to give them all despite having bad chocolate mixed in it.

'''Hiro''': That's true. Anyways, if you have a change of heart, just pick a few in the kitchen. Don't worry. I have a different packaging if you need a different one.

'''Kuro''': Yeah, yeah... I'll think about it.

'''Jiro''': Hiro, You could have made few just for your chosen girls?

'''Hiro''': yeah. But the thing is... Since everyone made an effort to make one for me, I need to repay them all for that effort they have put when they are making their chocolates. I am just doing them a favor so that they have higher morale.

'''Jiro''': I see... so young lad, you know what happens if you give too much.

'''Hiro''': Yup. I will be more hurt. But, I do not mind. There will come a time that we will all have to part ways. But for now, we will all stick together and be closer together.

'''Jiro''': Then, there is nothing I can say to you. Good luck young lad.

'''Hiro''': Same to you.

Jiro returned to his work and Kuro went inside the kitchen. Judging from his actions, he will give a return chocolate.

'''Hiro''': Well then, time for some delivery.



Giving return chocolate is hell in itself, since the Admiral still needs to work on that day, he needs to move fast and make quick and rational decisions. So he Decided to close the door of the office and summon girls by groups of five so that there will be no need for lines. The Admiral made the group of people who enter the office made a vow of secrecy that they will not say why they were summoned. (Though they all know what the reason is for that.) But the girls did comply, since they don't want to see what happened a month ago.



In the course of 7 hours, he has successfully given out all of his return chocolates. The admiral rests on his chair while stretching his arms. Sazanami who has received her return chocolate sits on his lap.

'''Hiro''': Sazanami?

'''Sazanami''': Good work for today Master.

'''Hiro''': Thanks, anyways, how is the return gift, was it too sweet?

'''Sazanami''': Nope. It’s rather different. I feel that you are thinking of us when you were making this one.

'''Hiro''': I see... Anyways, can I ask why you sit on my lap?

'''Sazanami''': master, you know that I am still can't accept that you got Turn on by Mikazuki-san's charm... though she really looks like a young girl, I fear that she will even get prettier when she reaches adulthood.

'''Hiro''': Ah. You are jealous.

'''Sazanami''': I am indeed...

'''Hiro''': But you wanna know why I still choose you?

'''Sazanami''': ...

'''Hiro''': It's because you are the one who let me mess you up when we are like this...

'''Sazanami''': Master, that is kinda out of place...

'''Hiro''': Well, we are still at work. Anyways, how is the new operations map?

'''Sazanami''': Our Intel told me that it's terrible.

'''Hiro''': terrible... It seems that we will go there too...

'''Sazanami''': But not today. We have to clear that part of the waters too.

'''Hiro''': Yeah. We need the power of our Taigei-san to push through.

'''Sazanami''': Master, can I ask you a question?

'''Hiro''': what is it?

'''Sazanami''': if our son or daughter wants to become an admiral, would you allow him or her?

'''Hiro''': Hmm... Honestly, I don't want them to be associated with the life in the sea. But, as a parent; my duty is to guide them to whatever world they have to go.

'''Sazanami''': You will not stop them?

'''Hiro''': If I stop them, they will feel like they are locked up in a cage, just like what you guys are 2 years ago.

'''Sazanami''': I see. Anyways, If I have an offspring that wants to follow your footsteps, I will talk to him/her and let him/her decide on her fate too.

'''Hiro''': I see... I will do what you just said too, if we have someone that will walk that path.

'''Sazanami''': Oh well... Anyways, we are somewhat too comfortable with one another aren't we?

'''Hiro''': Well, to be exact... I want others who are watching us at this moment to see how much of a better person you are.

'''Sazanami''': what do you mean?

'''Hiro''': Guys, if you want to enter, do not stand outside of the door.

The door opens and a lot of girls who had received their chocolates were all red after they see the two of the flirt inside of the office.

'''Hiro''': Sazanami, let us resume with work.

'''Sazanami''': Alright. Everyone, let's return to work already.

At Sazanami's command, the peanut gallery dispersed and each and every one of them returned doing their own work.


==Omake: Each and everyone's White day.==


===Part A:===

Yamashiro's side.

Yamashiro made cookies for her sister Fusou, Unknown to her knowledge, Fusou was summoned a while ago by the Admiral to receive her return chocolate. Soon, Fusou returns to her own room to tell Yamashiro the good news.

'''Fusou''': Yamashiro, Look what I have received from the Admiral...

'''Yamashiro''': Oh that looks good. What are they?

'''Fusou''': The Admiral's return chocolate.

'''Yamashiro''': Ah...

The tray Yamashiro holds fell to the ground, luckily, the cookies didn't get dirtied by this event.

'''Fusou''': The Admiral, he made sure to each one of us receives one. Yamashiro? What is wrong?

'''Yamashiro''': I will not accept this... I will not accept this... I WILL NOT ACCEPT THIS!!!

Yamashiro runs outside to make a complaint to the Admiral but...



'''Yamashiro''': Admiral I need to talk to you!!!

'''Hiro''': Good timing, I was about to ask Fusou-san where you are but Yamashiro... Catch.

The Admiral threw a box containing the same return chocolate Fusou was holding a while ago.

'''Yamashiro''': what is this? A bribe?

'''Hiro''': Your return chocolate. Even though I was almost poisoned by your chocolate, I will give you my return chocolate.

'''Yamashiro''': Idiot. I was aiming to take your life, and yet you give me this return chocolate... Idiot... and Unfair.

Yamashiro fell to her knees as she can't hide her tears that are flowing down from her eyes.

'''Hiro''': It's a good call you gave it to me, rather than giving it to Fusou-san. Yamashiro, even though I find that action a bit extreme... I do forgive you. Yamashiro-san, please don't cry. Tears do not suit a Yamato Nadeshiko like you.

The Admiral took his handkerchief and he wiped the tears that flow from Yamashiro's eyes. Yamashiro then stops crying and she stood up and left the room with no words being said from her mouth.

As Yamashiro walks back, she is eating the return chocolate the Admiral made for her and she cries to how much these things are more delicious than the one she made. Yamashiro made a vow to make better food from now on. But unknown to Yamashiro, a part of her heart opens up to the fact that she is being appreciated and being loved by the guy she hated so much.



===Part B:===

Kuro's White day

Kuro gets three package of return chocolate in the kitchen and he changed its packaging. Kuro walked towards the Carrier's dorm and he secretly opened the door to secretly leave the chocolate behind, but there is a problem.

'''Amagi''': Umm... what are you doing in our room?

'''Kuro''': Wait... You are Amagi-san right?

'''Amagi''': I am Amagi. Nice meeting you. You are?

'''Kuro''': I am the mechanic named Kurogane. Nice meeting you too.

'''Amagi''': Kurogane? Oh, the guy that my little sister always talks about.

'''Kuro''': Pardon?

'''Amagi''': My little sister by the way is Katsuragi-chan. Thank you for taking a great care of her.

'''Kuro''': No, my pleasure meeting her sister is indeed a rare opportunity.

'''Amagi''': You are too polite. Anyways, you are too different from what Katsuragi-chan speaks of.

'''Kuro''': wait... what do you mean?

'''Amagi''': I heard from her that you are scary, a brute and a man who has a foul mouth. I guess she might be really referring to the Admiral. Sigh* Katsuragi, please do not get mistaken about the Admiral's good points.

'''Kuro''': eh...

'''Amagi''': Anyways, what is that item?

'''Kuro''': Oh... this is nothing. Do not sweat it.

'''Amagi''': Hmm... (He is suspicious enough. I better watch out.)

'''Kuro''': (This is a bit troubling, I never thought Amagi-san is a beauty too, but why Katsuragi tells her about me?)

'''Amagi''': Anyways, I have to go now. The Admiral has summoned me.

Amagi went out of Kuro's way and she walks towards the Admiral's office.



Kuro breathed a sigh of relief but another trouble arises.

'''Zuikaku''': Oh, It's Kuro-san

'''Shoukaku''': Hi there. Anyways, what are you doing here?

'''Kuro''': Well... I am just looking for something. You see...

'''Shoukaku''': I see. Zuikaku, let's go. The Admiral has summoned us too.

'''Zuikaku''': Really? Wait... Kuro-san, are you perhaps...

'''Shoukaku''': Zuikaku, let's hurry!

'''Zuikaku''': Oh well. I am coming, Shoukaku-nee.

Shoukaku and Zuikaku went out and both of them walked towards the Admiral's office.

Kuro lost his will and dismiss the surprise plan.



Later that night, Kuro is sitting in the roof deck of their own quarters when someone called for him.

'''Shoukaku''': Kuro-san! We need to talk for a bit? Can we enter?

'''Kuro''': alright.

'''Shoukaku''': Okay. Zuikaku, Katsuragi-chan, you two can go now.

'''Kuro''': Wait...

Zuikaku and Katsuragi opens the door and they were sad for some reason.

'''Katsuragi''': Amagi-nee told me that you are opening the door of our room? What do you want there?

'''Zuikaku''': Have you given those return Chocolates?

'''Kuro''': eh...

'''Katsuragi''': return choco? Amagi-nee mentioned me that you were holding some return choco...

'''Kuro''': Well, I'm sorry if I didn't give these to you two. Anyways, here... these are my return chocolates.

'''Zuikaku''': Thanks.

'''Katsuragi''': Thank you.

The two bowed and they both smile after receiving the chocolate.

'''Zuikaku''': Anyways, we will go now.

'''Katsuragi''': If you excuse me.

The two left and Kuro was left alone. Then Shoukaku enters the scene and she is smiling at Kurogane.

'''Shoukaku''': Thanks for making my sister happy. I appreciated it.

'''Kuro''': Thanks, Anyways... Shoukaku-san. I want to give this to you, if you don't mind.

Kurogane takes out another box and he gave it to Shoukaku.

Kuro: Though you haven't gave me any chocolate this year. I am giving this to you. Please accept it.

'''Shoukaku''': Oh my. Is this fine for you?

'''Kuro''': Yes.

'''Shoukaku''': But I can't accept it at all...

'''Kuro''': Why!?

'''Shoukaku''': Because I have decided to make my cute Zuikaku-chan happy first before making myself happy.

'''Kuro''': This is Bullsh*t! Why can't you have happiness that only you can obtain? Why can't you be a bit selfish at times? Shoukaku-san, please think and love yourself more! Asides, Zuikaku wants you to be happy too. Just For her sake Dammit. Shoukaku-san, take this chocolate. I will not take no as an answer.

Kuro gave Shoukaku the chocolate and he went out to blow off some steam.

Shoukaku who was a bit lost for words didn't know what to say on her defense. Shoukaku opens the box of Chocolate and she eats a portion of it. Shoukaku smiles a bit and she mutters something as she stood up.

'''Shoukaku''': Funny how this choco was one of the leftovers the admiral made... oh well.

Shoukaku walks out and then there is no one at the roof deck at that instance.



===Part C:===

In the Conference room, everyone gathered for one big reason.

'''Kongou''': Guys, some of us received Chocolates and some of us received Cookies. What do you think is the reason why one is different from the other?

'''Goya''': Hmm... Probably he based it on the affection meter.

'''Others''': Affection meter?

'''Goya''': Hmm... Hachi-san, can you tell me what the affection meter is?

'''Hachi''': me?

'''Goya''': I know it, but I can't explain it. I better leave this to the scholar.

'''Hachi''': Wait...

All eyes were glued on Hachi who seriously losing her composure due to the pressure being exerted by the peanut gallery.

'''Hachi''': Sigh*. Anyways, I'll tell you something about the Admiral. The admiral looks at us differently, but it also means that he took consideration that he looks at all of us individually.

The peanut gallery nodded.

'''Hachi''': But, some of us has this high affection ratings from the Admiral. For example, this one...

Hachi dragged Maikaze who was still eating her deluxe homemade return chocolate that she received from the Admiral.

'''Kongou''': That amount of effort... In Maikaze's hands... Ugh.

Kongou losses her will to fight as she saw how large the chocolate Maikaze received.

'''Hachi''': Anyways, Maikaze-san here is actually recognized as one of the direct person who receives the Admiral's affection. Thus, her meter is high.

The other people clicked their tongues as they heard it.   

'''Hachi''': Also, some of us have almost nonexistent meter... like this one.

Hachi pulls out the crying Akitsushima who received a bag of biscuits.

'''Akitsushima''': Cookies is so sweet, But why can't I sortie?

'''Hachi''': Oh wrong example. Anyways, some of us who receive cookies are all treated as friends by the Admiral. That's it.

After Hachi told the bitter truth, half of the population cried after hearing Hachi's hypothesis.

'''Goya''': Oh, Hacchi-san, can I look at your loot too?

'''Hachi''': Eh...

'''Goya''': I am curious. I got the medium one so I think I am fine. But how was yours?

'''Hachi''': well...

Hachi exits the stage after Goya started her barrage of questions.

|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Meanwhile, Nagato who is smiling lets out a bigger smile.

'''Nagato''': With this. I can win the hearts of my treasures!

'''Mutsu''': Oh my Nagato-san, so you made that explanation to win some Destroyers over.

'''Nagato''': wait...

'''Mutsu''': Ara, Ara...

Nagato was tied by Mutsu as Mutsu felt the danger emanating from Nagato.

|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Arare who received Cookies sigh and she opens them... to her surprise...

'''Arare''': Oh!

'''Kasumi''': what is it?

'''Arare''': Mine is different. It's chocolate-coated Cookies. I also have Chocolate chip cookies and Cookies filled with chocolate.

The rest who heard Arare's comment tasted theirs but only felt gloomier since they don't have the same contents as what Arare stated.

'''Kasumi''': That Admiral, how much hard work did he made in making some other rare cookies?

'''Arare''': I heard Nowaki-san has it too and Yuugumo-san. I heard that even Zara-san has something like this too.

'''Kasumi''': The Italian Heavy Cruiser?   

'''Arare''': Yup.

'''Kasumi''': This is indeed strange. What did Sazanami-san got?

'''Arare''': oh. I do not need to say that.

'''Kasumi''': why?

'''Arare''': It will make your blood boil once you heard it.

Kasumi didn't pursue the matters for she felt that Arare might be teasing her a bit.

'''Kasumi''': whatever!

|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Meanwhile...

'''Mikazuki''': I feel so alienated...

Mikazuki who received the deluxe Homemade choco was isolated by her sisters.

Mikazuki walks to the corner and sulks, then... Yayoi came over to her side.

'''Yayoi''': Are you alright?

'''Mikazuki''': Not really. I feel like I have made my onee-sans angry at me.

'''Yayoi''': Don't mind it. I feel the same way too with Uzuki. But Uzuki is a strong girl, so she just talks with Mutsuki-neesan.

'''Mikazuki''': I see.

'''Yayoi''': Say, how do you feel right now?

'''Mikazuki''': A bit better. Though, I don't know if they are harassing me or not...

'''Yayoi''': well, really don't get it myself but...

As Yayoi tried to finish her sentence, Uzuki came and abrupt Yayoi's sentence.

'''Uzuki''': Yayoi-nee, Mikazuki-san. I have come and get you.

Uzuki went to where Yayoi and Mikazuki were and she pulled the two them towards the whole Mutsuki-class who were smiling for them.

'''Yayoi''': I don't get it.

'''Mikazuki''': Me too...

'''Uzuki''': You see, I asked them if they all hated us for being the Commander's favorite and nobody gave me an answer of yes. Instead, they were so happy for us that they can't help but not cry, they really can't show their crying faces to us you know?

'''Yayoi''': I see... Looks Like I misunderstood them.

'''Mikazuki''': Me too...

The three went back and they all have a lively conversation.

|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\

Somewhere far from the conference room; The Admiral along with Sazanami and Samidare were playing UNO in the balcony to kill some time.

'''Hiro''': Looks like the conference has ended a while ago.

'''Sazanami''': It's fine. Kongou-san is the one who sponsored for it and she is also the host.

'''Samidare''': Anyways, why did you make too many kinds of White day gifts?

'''Hiro''': I was planning to make only cookies and the chocolate. But, as I prepare the next batch, the third bath met with an accident so I have to cope up a bit and decided to make more profit from the accident. Reverse!!

'''Sazanami''': Master, so you didn't do it on purpose then. But somehow, the people who received those accident cookies were a bit close to you, right master? Reverse!

'''Hiro''': Yes Indeed. Anyways, the big chocolate I made for you 8 were the planned large chocolate. That’s it.

'''Samidare''': Anyways, before you know it, the chocolate is all gone.

'''Hiro''': Yup.

'''Sazanami''': So, in this turn... UNO!!!

'''Hiro''': damn

'''Samidare''': UNO!

'''Hiro''': you too!?

'''Sazanami''': well, I guess we went too hard for you.

'''Samidare''': wanna play the next round?

'''Hiro''': It's not over until I say it's over... Draw 4!

'''Sazanami''': What!  Anyways, Draw 4!

'''Samidare''': Eehh!!! No way!

'''Hiro''': I am just getting started.

The three laugh as they play UNO like they don't care about the world below them.
'''
- end.'''
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]