<p style="text-align: center;">E-7 is a pain.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">The compass is a pain.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">The Preboss node is a pain</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">Sometimes, Submarines are also a pain.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">The salt of E-7 is too much.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">Wait, It's not that too salty anyways.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I just had a hard time dealing with RNG and the random compass.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">The Wo nodes are doable but they send 1 or 2 ships to red.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">The Boss node is an ultimate pain (especially last kill)</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">2 late models Destroyes</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">2 Ne class Heavy Cruisers</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">1 Battleship Princess</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">and the Hard Anti Air Princess</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">
</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">They say that Kai Ni ships are doable for this map.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I had only few Kai Ni ships</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">And Ushio is my only Destroyer at Kai Ni.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">Such heartlessness, such Monstrosity.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">
</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I've managed to level Musashi from 50 to 72 and Nagato from 50 to 68 just doing this Event.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">What more could come my way?</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I've seen my sanity burst.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">My anger well up and my PC dying on me on crucial matters (E3).</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">But, I never gonna stopped fighting.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I'll never gonna give up until I finished this map.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I'm going to sacrifice my farm runs, my sanity restoring runs and my Up-to-date anime viewing.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">Just to kill the mostrosity known as the Anti Air Pricess.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">
</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">Some of them had won the fight.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">Some of them gave up and ran away.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">There are still many of us challenged this nigh impossible map.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">All for the elusive gem</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">
</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">It's not for pride</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">It's also not for the glory.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">What I want in the end is that...</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">A smile that will thank me for releasing her.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">Releasing her from the dark abyss of the hate of all the world.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">A smile that will be forever unsinkable.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">
</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">So I may have not gotten Umikaze</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I couldn't get Mizuho in time.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I could forget Sakawa for now</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I could also wait for the next chance I could get Isokaze.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">But Now, I'm going to get Teruzuki.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">And I'm doing this until Time runs out or I completely run out of supplies.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">
</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">But At least, I tried.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I'll see to the end that whehter or not I can conquer E-7.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I'll do it and have no regrets in not doing it.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">Though I'll be having regrets of not doing any better,</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">But, It's better than not trying.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">
</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">
</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">
</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">In the end, The end Justifies the means.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">If you won becasue of Hardwork, You won.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">If you won because of luck... You won</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">If you lose despite hardships and hardwork... You lose.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">
</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">But, I'm better ar this way.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">Because I know I did try my best and not Half-assing things.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">
</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">But for now, I'll do my best... Even if my time is limited.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I'll be ready for that moment in time again.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I'll set my foot on this small platform named fate</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">And guide myself towards my ultimate victory</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">Or towards my ultimate doom.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">
</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I can cry or sob or whine for all I want.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">But I'll do it after everything is over.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I'll do it after the world starts turning again.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">And I'll do it after I know that this is only the best that I can do.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">
</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">So thanks to my Orel Team who have been doing it non-stop since my first rest period.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">Thanks to my expedition tem who had been hardworking in collecting supplies non-stop during the several weeks and the 3 months before the event.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I'll thank my Destroyers for hanging on despite having armor issues and weak firepower. Your cut-ins have been vital for slaying bosses left and right.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I'll thank my carrier team for clearing the skies so that our Battleships can launch it's powerful attacks and almost wiping out the enemy front.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I'll thank my Torpedo cruisers for making it easy for the escort fleet to score some points in the preboss node. But, due to that you can't be sortied to E-6 and E-7 because you are too powerful.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">Everyone who hasn't participated in the event... I still thank you for supporting us with courage and words of encouragement. Don't worry, Next time you'll get your chance to shine in the stage named the sea.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">
</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">The road is long. But in the end there is one destination.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">There might be multiple choices and a lot of hardships on the way.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I got lost, I got hurt. But... I'll see in the end whether or not I can win or not.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">
</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">My melancholy for E-7 is getting too long.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">Next week should end this.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">And I'll see the end of this.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">
</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">~Arx</p>
[[Category:Blog posts]]