==Not important notice==
On a certain naval base...

There was an admiral who is currently doing something... bizarre.

Sazanami: Master, what are you doing?

Hiro: You see, I heard it over the internet. If you make an offering to the RNG, you might get a boost on the drop rates and might as well get the ship that I wanted to get.

Sazanami: Oh that. But Master, it's pointless.

Hiro: Why?

Sazanami: because it's a fraudulent scheme made by those salty folks who can't even get what they wanted. That is why they blamed the system so that they can be pleased by it.

Hiro: You sure know that term well. Anyways, what should we do then? I mean, isn't it quite pointless to stop at all.

Sazanami: Master, just stop your chanting and come and eat with us. I mean, its high noon and Samidare is waiting for us in the mess hall. Anyways, Kazagumo will join us later and Mikazuki too.

Hiro: Is that so? Oh well, time to ditch this nonsense of ceremony.

The Admiral removed his bizarre clothing and wore his Admiral's coat and went with Sazanami towards the mess hall.



==Extra:==

Yuugumo strolled around the base later and she saw an opened room.

Yuugumo: What is this?

Yuugumo opened the door and she saw a room filled with pictures.

Yuugumo: I wonder if I should be shocked or I should feel disgusted.

Inside the room is a room filled with pictures of every shipgirl the Admiral hasn't got over the past few operations. There was a candle in the middle and a somewhat a make-shift shrine that was used for a ceremony.

Yuugumo: Hiro-san sure is quite desperate. However, if he does this every quarterly operation, I feel bad for those who actually care for him.

With a snap of her fingers, Yuugumo summoned Kiyoshimo and Asashimo and they started to throw all the stuff inside the room and they managed to do it in a fast pace.



The Admiral returns later to see the room got wiped out of the any trace that he had done any ceremony a few hours ago.

- end.
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]