==The preparation==

'''Hiro''': Sazanami it’s time isn't it?

'''Sazanami''': Yup Master. It's time to tell them the big news in this small gathering.

'''Hiro''': Say, are you nervous?

'''Sazanami''': Kinda, But you won't notice it anyways after all; I can pretty much hide my expression with this deadpan look of mine.

'''Hiro''': Silly girl. I can see you through though. Anyways, are we kinda getting too long on the waiting part?

'''Sazanami''': Well, It's for the suspense.

'''Hiro''': Suspense huh...



''Samidare enters the scene to make a retort.''

'''Samidare''': Why do you two made it sound like someone is pregnant or something.

'''Hiro''': Well, we used this manner of communication since we are kinda baiting someone to make a retort.

'''Sazanami''': So Master, you just fished a beautiful girl of blue hair and blue eyes.

'''Hiro''': yup. I fished a beautiful girl that has her hair and eyes reflect the color of sea.

'''Samidare''': (Pouts) you don't need to say that to me. Asides, are you fine with the things we are as of late, In the end you didn't cancelled the marriage agreements to Kinugasa and Kumano-chan and we had now Kazagumo-san, Kasumi-chan on board of our little train. Maikaze seems to follow us too.

'''Hiro''': I am fine. I was getting the vibes that one day I might formed a harem so I better make one.

'''Sazanami''': But in order for you to make things work is that you need me to be the 'only one', right Master?

'''Samidare''': So Sazanami-chan, you will have to look out for us too?

'''Sazanami''': Kinda. Also, I can't believe that brat did make it.

'''Samidare''': Somehow Sazanami-chan, you are quite different from the time that we allow her in.

'''Sazanami''': Well, she is still a cheeky little brat.

'''Samidare''': Well, she is not that honest to her feelings, but we all can agree that we find her cute whenever she does that.

'''Hiro''': I agreed to that statement.

'''Sazanami''': Oh, the performance is already over. It’s time for us to deliver the news.

'''Hiro''': Yup

'''Samidare''': Then, I better go back now.



Sazanami grabbed Samidare's hand so that Samidare does not leave the place.

'''Sazanami''': Not so fast Samidare-san. You are joining us in accordance of the Admiral's order.

'''Samidare''': But I am not the fleet secretary?

'''Hiro''': Samidare, I still want you to be on my team; but sensei took you in so I have to make a better impression of myself to you.   

'''Samidare''': Oh well... Back then I would still follow you and might escape from Sensei's base just to be with you.

'''Sazanami''': I see. So back then, you really aim for him.

'''Samidare''': of course.

'''Sazanami''': it's round 2 Samidare, Let's have an enjoyable round then.

'''Samidare''': Alright.

'''Hiro''': Girls, we are now going to greet them.

'''Samidare and Sazanami''': Yes!




The admiral along with Sazanami and Samidare walked out to make an announcement to the crowd of people.




==Kasumi's little troubles.==

''Kasumi was a bit troubled by the development after she received her second remodel.''

'''Kasumi''': Ah... How I wished I was back to the days where I laze around. Oh well, the Admiral actually acknowledges me as his partner... I better start working now.



''Kasumi looked at the pile of papers that were stacked on the desk.''

''The Admiral's office was empty when she arrived and she saw a letter that was placed on the table containing these words:''



'''[Sorry to do this on a short notice, I'll be out with Sazanami today.]'''



'''Kasumi''': Haah!? He left me here to let me deal with these papers? What a scum!!!

''Kasumi immediately sat on the Admiral's chair and she started doing the paper works.''
''Kasumi immediately worked on the papers when she noticed that there was a mug of chocolate already on the table.''

'''Kasumi''': Hm? I don't remember that I wanted to drink one. Oh well.



''Kasumi took a sip and as she tries to collect her mind once more, she saw a piece of paper on the table.''

'''Kasumi''': Hmm... I remembered that he likes to put notes on the table.

''Kasumi looked at the note and she was surprised to see the content of the note.''



'''[Kasumi will be mad, so I have to prepare something when I returned, Sazanami gives me a go signal to do it.]'''




'''Kasumi''': Silly him, why does he had to document it from these little notes?

''Kasumi returned the said notes to continue working.''



''A few hours later, Kasumi finished doing all paper work... after that, she fell asleep from doing the work.''



''Arare entered the room to see what is happening.''

'''Arare''': Oh Kasumi is asleep today. I better go now.

''Arare went out and closed the door.''





''A few more hours later, The Admiral arrived with Sazanami.''

'''Hiro''': Phew. What a day it is today.

'''Sazanami''': Master, I never knew that you plan on making me do that.

'''Hiro''': Well, I guess it worked in the end.

'''Sazanami''': But Master, why did we have to...

'''Hiro''': Shh... Kasumi is sleeping.

'''Sazanami''': Hmm... To do all these work, she is good. Say Master, what are these papers anyways?

'''Hiro''': Copies of the documents I have done a long, long time ago..

'''Sazanami''': Eh!?

'''Hiro''': I am actually training her to become a secretary, right?

'''Sazanami''': Now that you mentioned it, Master introduced her to us as an apprentice.

'''Hiro''': Yup. Sazanami, shall we dance tonight?

''Kasumi wakes up.''

'''Kasumi''': What is that noise...

'''Hiro''': Good morning.

'''Kasumi''': oh, Good morning too Admiral.

'''Sazanami''': Yup. The time is 8 in the evening.

'''Kasumi''': Okay... WAIT!!!

'''Hiro''': Sazanami; since she is awake, can we postpone that appointment?

'''Sazanami''': It's fine. You pretty much touched my body all over.

'''Kasumi''': Why are you two flirting right in front of me!!! You trash!!!

'''Hiro''': Oh, she is truly awake now.

'''Kasumi''': why are you two crazy today? Why are you... wait... wait...

'''Hiro (pats Kasumi's Head)''' : Kasumi, thanks for doing the work. Here; take this...

''The Admiral gives a box to Kasumi and she took it.''




'''Kasumi''': what is this?

''Kasumi opened the box and she was surprised to see something that she normally wouldn't see.''

'''Kasumi''': A ring... a ring? But why a ring?

Sazanami showed her ring (faux) to Kasumi to say that he is not giving a wedding ring.


'''Kasumi''': Admiral, what is this?

'''Hiro''': It's a small gift from me to you. I consulted Sazanami on what to give to you. But in the end we kinda went along with that one.

'''Sazanami''': Just so you know, you are not the only one who has that ring.



''Kazagumo who was just passing by saw the box Kasumi is holding.''

'''Kazagumo''': oh! That box!!!

'''Kasumi''': Wait, you know that?

'''Kazagumo''': Yup. He gave me one too.

''Kazagumo showed the ring to Kasumi.''



''Kasumi loses her strength as she sees someone else has rings too.''

'''Sazanami''': Master, looks like you making things problematic for her.

'''Hiro''': Well... I did ask her. But I guess it's not yet...

''Kasumi stood up and she interrupted the Admiral's answer.''



'''Kasumi''': I decided that I will endure it. Admiral, do not get too high on your act of impressing me.

'''Hiro''': I see... (She is actually glad indeed)

'''Kasumi''': Admiral, I'll make sure that you will only follow me... wait! Why would you do that? Admiral, I don't like you or something... Got It!?

'''Hiro''': I know, I know. (Such a Tsundere... I want to tease her)

'''Kazagumo''': Admiral, Here are the items you need.

'''Hiro''': Okay.

'''Sazanami''': Well, Let's eat now. Kasumi-san, can you calm yourself down and stop contradicting yourself.

'''Kasumi''': okay.

'''Hiro''': Well then, to dinner we go!!!

'''Others''': Yeah!!!

''The people who were inside of the office went to the mess hall.''


==Secretary for the day: Kazagumo.==

''Kazagumo went to the Admiral's office as the Secretary of the day.''

'''Hiro''': Kazagumo, I know that I am not planning on making you a secretary. But I guess from time to time... I have to train you too just in case.

'''Kazagumo''': Please take care of me Admiral.

''Kazagumo bowed down to the Admiral as a sign of respect.''



'''Hiro''': Well then, Kazagumo... Let me sleep for now.

'''Kazagumo''': Eh!? Wait, don't sleep for now. You just woke up today... hey...

''The Admiral fell asleep.''



''Kazagumo sighs to see the Admiral sleeps right in front of her eyes.''

'''Kazagumo''': Normally... I wouldn't mind it. But this time...

''Kazagumo took out her phone and she started taking a picture of the sleeping Admiral.''

'''Kazagumo''': Pic saved. Oh well. Admiral sure is more defenseless than I thought. Well then, I better... wait, do I have work to do?

''Kazagumo looks around and she saw that there was no work to be done.''



Kazagumo stood at the Admiral's side and she patiently waits for the time he wakes up and start doing work.

'''Kazagumo''': It's 0700, admiral. I'll be making breakfast right away. It's OK, leave it to me...

''The Admiral didn't woke up even after saying her hourlies.''

'''Kazagumo''': Oh well. I better make breakfast now.

''Kazagumo left to do some breakfast, a few minutes later...''



'''Kazagumo''': Admiral...

''The Admiral was awake at the moment.''

'''Hiro''': Say Kazagumo, Did you injure your hands once again?

'''Kazagumo''': Of course not! I am careful this time around.

'''Hiro''': Really?

'''Kazagumo''': Of Course... I am a careful girl.

'''Hiro''': Well then, after we eat breakfast... I will do a small experiment.

'''Kazagumo''': ... (This is bad.)



''After eating their Breakfast, the two are on some experiment right now.''

'''Hiro''': To test if you are not hurt is... Shake my hand.

'''Kazagumo''': Okay. (At least if he is not gripping me firmly, I can avoid the pain of the cuts.)

'''Hiro''': Oh. Let's stay holding hands for 5 minutes.

'''Kazagumo''': Eh...

'''Hiro''': Well then. Here I go.

''The Admiral immediately grabs Kazagumo's hand and Kazagumo immediately felt the pain rushing through her mind.''



'''Kazagumo''': Ow... no, I am fine,

'''Hiro''': I doubt that initial reaction of yours is fake. Anyways, I'll hold your hand. Please don't let go of it.

'''Kazagumo''': Wait, It's... eh!? No more? How?

'''Hiro''': I just healed you a bit. Kazagumo, how is your hand?

'''Kazagumo''': It's way better than before. I bet I can handle my armament better now since it does not hurt at all.

'''Hiro''': Good. Kazagumo, Gimme your phone. I'll delete that pic you have?

'''Kazagumo''': Wait! I can't... I will not yield this...

''Kazagumo felt that her consciousness is fading.''

''Kazagumo fell asleep.''



''Kazagumo woke up inside of a dream.''

'''Kazagumo''': where am I?

''Her surrounding was full of fluffy clouds.''

'''Kazagumo''': Hmm... I feel like the Admiral done something on me. Oh well, I hope he does it to me. Kyaa!

Then there was person that bears her image appeared in front of her.




'''Kazagumo''': Uwah! Who are you?

'''[Mirror]''': I am you... but I am someone who is not living outside of you.

'''Kazagumo''': I don't get it?

'''[Mirror]''': It's fine if you don't understand. After all, you are forced to be here.

'''Kazagumo''': The Admiral? Why was he doing this?

'''[Mirror]''': A link was made with you. I guess you are now a part of him.

'''Kazagumo''': Eh. Wait. I belonged to him now!? How?

'''[Mirror]''': Normally, the red string of fate is something that no one can tamper, Look at your little finger.

''Kazagumo looked at her little finger. She saw a different string that was attached to her, a blue string was attached on her little finger.''



'''Kazagumo''': Blue?

'''[Mirror]''': It seems that the link was correct, but since you are naturally attached to him... I better not speak that much.

'''Kazagumo''': Wait, why?

'''[Mirror]''': I know that you have chose to be with him. And the color reflects the clarity of your will.

'''Kazagumo''': I see... Admiral, please love this helpless girl like me.

'''[Mirror]''': Silly you. Do not become a helpless girl. This is not the old times, Aim to become someone who can stand at his side to see the end.

'''Kazagumo''': I see. Thanks.

'''[Mirror]''': You'll return to his side after you wake up. So be at ease, he loves you as much as he loves Sazanami and Samidare and the others.

'''Kazagumo''': I see... well then, I got to go. See you around... the future me.

'''[Mirror]''': to think that you already uncovered who I am. Well then, I pray for your greater success.

''Kazagumo's vision suddenly grew dark and she fell asleep.''


''Kazagumo woke up being taken care by the Admiral.''

'''Kazagumo''': Unfair... (Pouts)

'''Hiro''': Well, I tried making it a bit softer. So how was the trip?

'''Kazagumo''': I guess I am relieve that I never went to somewhere I don't understand.

'''Hiro''': I see... Say Kazagumo, how is your heart?

'''Kazagumo''': Well... Hmm!?

'''Hiro''': So, I guess you knew how I tamper with the red String of fate.

'''Kazagumo''': Yup. Say Admiral, why did Sazanami-san didn't stopped you even though she knows you are doing this?

'''Hiro''': She knew that Asides from that, I will not do anything bad to you; because I made a promise.

'''Kazagumo''': A promise... Whenever you do something, you make a promise to someone, and since you connected to me... You will make a promise with me, right?

'''Hiro''': Yes. So Kazagumo, My promise to you is that...

'''Kazagumo''': [I wonder why he needs to make promises.]

'''Hiro''': I'll be your best man... So please stay with me too no matter what.

'''Kazagumo''': Yes Admiral. I will stay with you. But I already stay with you since you first showed your concern for me.

'''Hiro''': I see... Sorry for tying you...

'''Kazagumo''': Nope. I am thankful that I tied myself to you.

'''Hiro''': I see. Well then, let's go back to work.

'''Kazagumo''': Yes!

''The two spend time talking to one another as they spend their time alone. That day, No work came since Sazanami and Samidare made all the necessary works for the day.''


==Fubuki's worries==

''Fubuki who was now on her Kai ni was worried on her own future.''



'''Fubuki''': I Wonder... when the Admiral, gets an Akizuki class Destroyer, what will happen to me?

''As she ponders on her future, she was talking to Sazanami who was acting as a counselor.''

'''Sazanami''': Fubuki... Master didn't liked you at all. We all knew that. But, he said that since he can't get the Akizuki sisters, he had to hang on you. But considering the times, I guess he is actually glad that he made an investment with you.

'''Fubuki''': I see. Say Sazanami-chan, why did he worked hard for my sake? I don't get it.

'''Sazanami''': You see, he always says that there was a reason for everything. And not getting the Akizukis mean that he has to take care of you too.

'''Fubuki''': I see... So when he gets them, what will be of me?

'''Sazanami''': I didn’t know the answer to that. But, I think it's better if you ask him directly.

'''Fubuki''': I see...

'''Sazanami''': Well, while we are at it... Master, you can enter now.

'''Fubuki''': wait...



The Admiral enters the council room.

'''Hiro''': Sazanami, why did you call me?

'''Sazanami''': Fubuki wants to know her fate after getting Akizuki-class DDs?

'''Hiro''': let me see... You have decent stats but you are more of an all rounder. which is pretty bad since I got everything of those things except for the AA field?

'''Fubuki''': eh.

'''Hiro''': Also, I never liked the way you looked. You are too plain. Only that vampire Admiral would wag his tail to marry you!

'''Fubuki''': Wait Admiral! Isn’t that a bit offensive for me?

'''Hiro''': Sorry. I indeed went overboard with the offense. Anyways, since I kinda understood that you are practically a decent ship with pretty much Decent stat, I guess you are welcomed to stay here.

'''Fubuki''': Really!?

'''Hiro''': Yup. So do your best as our all-rounder.

'''Fubuki''': Yes. I'll do my very best!

'''Sazanami''': So Fubuki-san, are you satisfied now?

'''Fubuki''': Yup. I am glad I won't be seeing the end once he gets the Akizuki Sisters.

'''Sazanami''': Well, considering him, he grows too attached on all of us. He draws his strength on our confidence in him leading us.

'''Fubuki''': I see... Well then Sazanami-chan, I gotta go, I have to say send off Mutsuki-chan on her expedition.

'''Sazanami''': Alright.



''Fubuki went out of the room.''

'''Sazanami''': Master, after getting Akizuki sisters, what would her fate be?

'''Hiro''': Well... I guess she is not half bad for a Kai Ni destroyer. Also, she has things that are more Advantageous than the Akizukis.

'''Sazanami''': Like Night battles?

'''Hiro''': Yes. Fubuki's main selling point is that she is an all rounder. but since I have Yuudachi and Ayanami as my tower of attack... Fubuki is out. Fubuki can't do much cut-ins with her little luck. I better allocate it to Yukikaze and Shigure and to Hatsushimo when I get her to Kai Ni. And Akizuki is definitely no doubt best for Anti-air defense. But, Fubuki falls out of those category since she is not a specialized ship.

'''Sazanami''': I see.

'''Hiro''': But, when the situation calls for It, I can modernize her luck to be a powerhouse. I can improve her guns (as of now, I can't) so that she can be more deadly at night battles, her ability to do Anti-air cut in is slightly higher than the other Destroyers who don the same equipments she carries.

'''Sazanami''': So you can rely on her when the situation calls for it?

'''Hiro''': Yes Sazanami... I already believed that there is no ship what was left useless.

'''Sazanami''': I doubt. You find leveling Akitsushima too hard and you also said that she is pretty much useless despite after remodel.

'''Hiro''': Well...

'''Sazanami''': Bulls Eye Master.

'''Hiro''': that is indeed true.

'''Sazanami''': Oh well, I better continue my work. My next customer is someone who wants to be noticed by you.

'''Hiro''': Oh well, I better go back now.

'''Sazanami''': Say, how is Kazagumo-chan?

'''Hiro''': she is okay. I made a promise already.

'''Sazanami''': Good. well then Master, better treat me to mamiya after this work.

'''Hiro''': Alright.

''the Admiral left the room and Sazanami called her next patient.''




==The month of hearts...==

'''Hiro''': February...

'''Sazanami''': Why did you mention that, Master?

'''Hiro''': I remembered that we started on the 1st day of February.

'''Sazanami''': Yes Master. Why do you look like you will meet something chaotic in this month?

'''Hiro''': Sazanami, I bet you knew it already since we started at this month. Also, I fear that there will be chaos in this naval base when that day comes.

'''Sazanami''': Well, I guess you knew that I am feigning ignorance on it; So Master, look forward to my Chocolate.

'''Hiro''': Okay. I also look forward on how you taste...



The Admiral was whacked by Sazanami.


'''Sazanami''': Master, Please let me tell you we are at work.

'''Hiro''': Sorry.

'''Sazanami''': Anyways, Tomorrow is Kisaragi-san's month right?

'''Hiro''': Yup.

'''Sazanami''': Are you ready for her daily attacks?

'''Hiro''': never been so ready this time around...

''Samidare who entered was curious on the conversation the two made.''



'''Samidare''': What do you mean ready for the attacks?

'''Sazanami''': Well, during February, Kisaragi goes all out to seduce the Master.

'''Samidare''': really!?

'''Sazanami''': well, only once that the Admiral was caught by Kisaragi-san, but thank goodness that I was there to help him escape her attack.

'''Samidare''': I see.

'''Hiro''': Samidare, where is Suzukaze?

'''Samidare''': she is in the library today.

'''Hiro''': Alright. I guess I can ask for her advice next time.

'''Samidare''': I don't get it Admiral, but why do you consult matters to Suzukaze?

'''Hiro''': Well, I think she is a bit matured than the rest of us.

'''Sazanami''': I doubt about that.

'''Hiro''': Anyways, why are you here Samidare?

'''Samidare''': Well, the resources are coming back to the levels we have since October. So I guess we are fine.

'''Hiro''': How about the Buckets?

'''Samidare''': Still low on it.

'''Hiro''': I see.

'''Samidare''': Admiral, I'll take my leave now.

'''Hiro''': okay.

Samidare left the office and she went to her office.



Kisaragi enters the Admiral's office.

'''Kisaragi''': Admiral. Please look forward to my attacks starting tomorrow.

'''Hiro''': Well then, please do your worst.

'''Kisaragi''': I asked Sendai-san to teach me Ninja techniques, so please look forward to it.

''Kisaragi left the office.''



'''Hiro''': Well then, let's resume with work then.

'''Sazanami''': Alright, Master.




==This one special day...==

'''''February 1, 2016'''''

''The Admiral and Sazanami who had finished delivering their speech to the crowd is now resting in the office. There is a no work for today except for the expedition teams. But the expedition teams were given Coupons from Mamiya as a bonus''



'''Hiro''': Phew. One year passed so fast.

'''Sazanami''': Yup Master. Somehow, we first started as playing out and then we had built our small fleet, participated in the usual operations, Deal with the enemies we haven't even met and to see new comrades. Truly, It was a fun year.

'''Hiro''': I see.

'''Sazanami''': But, this year. I met a lot of opponents. Not only in terms of battle but also in terms of love.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Sazanami''': And what's worse is that Master is allowing them. Master, why do you allow them?

'''Hiro''': Well...

''Samidare entered the office to say the news.''


'''Samidare''': Admiral! Happy Anniversary to our team!

'''Hiro''': Thanks.

'''Samidare''': By the way, I just got these as of now.

'''Hiro''': What is it? Ehh...




''It was a cake came from an unknown sender.''

'''Hiro''': Say, there was no bomb on the cake?

'''Samidare''': I checked it already and I also asked Sendai-san for help if this was a bomb or now. She said its cake.

'''Hiro''': Hmm...

'''Sazanami''': Master, Please reconsider that cake. I think it's delicious.

'''Hiro''': Yeah. Say, can I see the card?

'''Samidare''': Card?

'''Hiro''': Normally, you send a card. (Not really)

'''Samidare''': Alright. I look at it.
''Samidare puts the cake down to the table and she begins to search for a card.''

'''Hiro''': (If this cake is a lie, we would all be hit by the blast radius.

''Samidare found something interesting.''

'''Samidare''': I got it.

''Samidare pulled out a card from the base of the box and she opened it.''



'''[This is my gift to you, Please eat it. I made it!]'''



'''Hiro''': ...

'''Samidare''': It's weird; I never see any names here?

'''Hiro''': Well then, let’s eat this cake.

'''Sazanami''': Alright.

'''Samidare''': Okay.

'''Hiro''': you can prepare the slices now. I have to call someone first.

'''Samidare''': Who is it?

'''Hiro''': Well, I will call the sender to give thanks. Let me have the card and I'll call in the rooftop.

'''Samidare''': Alright. Please be here when it's ready.

'''Sazanami''': Master, I am curious who this sender is. Can I tag along?

'''Hiro''': Not today. I guess if you tag along, she might get shy or intimidated by you.

'''Sazanami''': You are no Fun Master. Anyways, please hurry, I might eat it all.

'''Hiro''': Please don't get fat Sazanami.

''The Admiral took the card from Samidare's hand and he went to the rooftop.''
''The Admiral then uses his magnifying lenses to burn the paper to see if there was a trick hidden on it.''

'''Hiro''': (Normally, these kind of messages are not meant to be read to anyone but the receiver, so to obscure it; one can use an invisible ink or some sort of a cheat to match the color of the paper)

''As he tries to burn it the paper does not burn at all.''

'''Hiro''': Fireproof paper? Wait; there is one person in this country who can procure such paper?

''The Admiral then used his jug of water and he poured its contents into the paper.''

'''Hiro''': So this was the paper that was meant to read when you are in the ocean.


 [Hiro, Congratulations on your First Anniversary!
 This is my gift to you, as a token of my thankfulness and appreciation.
 Don't worry about it. I made sure I learn the techniques in baking so that
 I can impress you.
 Eat it... for this contains all of my feelings I want to express to you.
 I made it using the recipe you have sent me a long, long time ago.
 
 Say, is the gang still complete? Don't worry about me though. I am pretty
 sure that we can meet one day. After all, I still have to ask you a question.
 Hiro, I might have been turned into a ship-girl or such. But I still want to
 hear your answer.
 I'll be waiting at the seashore near your base. Come there when it's sunset
 so that I can or might say the words I want to say to you.
 Anyways, please don't bring anyone. I knew them already and what are they capable of.
 
 So, I hope that you can meet me today if you really are curious on what Do I look now.
 I am looking forward on meeting you. I want to see how much you have grown.]


'''Hiro''': (this is her hand-writing alright. So how did she remember all of her memories? Was it a lie to begin with? Oh well, Looks Like I need to tell Sazanami an old tale of mine.)

''The Admiral went back and they ate the Cake that was brought inside of the office.''


==Omake:==

'''An old song'''

I was reminded of one thing before I went to this place...<br />That he is willing to know and accept me no matter who I might become.<br />And that's why I gamble on this little chance... Because I am free from the chains that bind me all along.<br />The memories of an old friend... wait; he is not an old friend though. He is more of something special than that.

But In my heart, I could have been asking too much. I know that he might reject me since back then he didn't entertained my advances at all.<br />But now that I gain this cursed power... and He had gotten into a darker world. I guess, I might have a chance in winning him.

I wonder, does he still cook his meal? Or someone makes it for him?<br />Does he feel stressed from all the work that he has to do? or Is he delegating them properly?<br />I wonder, I never seen him work, even once, for he is the One-man army and I am just a data collector of a different team.

As I wonder myself... I saw the face of someone I Mustn’t see.<br />She waved her hand at me as if she knew what are my true intentions are.<br />I waved back as a courtesy since I don't know how these things go.<br />She suddenly leaves the place as if she has done what she need.



A few minutes passed, the sun starts to hit the horizon.<br />He didn't come on time.


As I watch the sun sets, a voice gently spoke to me.



"How long have been waiting for me?" He said with a smile.<br />"Not that long ago." I replied while hiding the fact that I am here since noontime.<br />"I see. Well, I need to clarify one thing. Are you [xxx]?" He asked me if I was that person.<br />"I am [xxx]. Say, how did you know?" I asked him out of Curiosity."<br />"The way you talk and the way you sit. It reminds me of someone so distant to me." He replied while looking at me.<br />"Distant? Is that how you treat me as a friend?" I replied on him as I try to hide my disappointment.<br />"Sorry. But, this time around... I will reject your offer. I will reject you since I have someone else to love and I love her more than that." He said these words that made me feel dead inside.<br />"But... I heard that you are building a base of lovers? I can basically be your..." I answered him back based on the rumors I have heard from the others.<br />"Sorry, But it's not simple... I really don't love you though I really liked your personality." He answered back to compromise my argument.<br />"I see... You really don't love me. I guess that's what you meant when you shoved me away when I tried to make you unfaithful." I replied as I try to hold my tears.<br />"You see... I can't love you no matter what happens. Because it's not what my heart dictates and it's not what your heart wants." the young man tried to reason out.<br />"But why did you try to rebuild the group?" I asked him out of my desperation.<br />"You see, I was wrong to let all of you went ahead of me without checking the situation behind me and I am regretful of that. But, This time around, I am rebuilding the gang because I need to move on and fulfill your wish." He answered me with an air of confidence.<br />"But…, I now you can't fulfill it, but why are you doing it?" I replied.



There was silence then.



"It's for me to let go of my bad memories and the abyss that I hold inside of me. Also, to let you start a new life. I heard that you had escaped the facility. I can't take you in since Sazanami might kill me this time around." the young man answers the questions I had thrown.<br />"You have changed. You are a lot calmer now than the usual you. Normally, you would immediately go and attack anyone who is a threat. And now, you play defense, How Ironic."<br />"Ironic? Well, as much as you had say, Reality is crazier than fiction as much as I can remember. [xxx], What do you plan to do. The gang is complete, and I can now let go of this burden... Say, what do you plan to do from now on?"<br />"Me? Well, since you will not accept me now. I guess I have to apply to be assigned to your base. By the way, don't call me [xxx] from now on. since it's the name of the person I truly despise... Call me Kagerou instead since it's her name after all."<br />"I see. Well then, good luck on you Kagerou."<br />"Yes Admiral Hiro! Well then, Time for some counter measures. Don’t think that I have given up on you."<br />"Whatever... Please be safe."

We parted ways and after he left, Tears run down my face signifying the end of my pursuit of love and the start of a new life.

"Oh well. It's time to teach him a lesson on how not to make a girl cry."



''A few days after...''


'''Sazanami''': I heard HQ has sent someone to work with us.

'''Hiro''': Really? What was she?

'''Sazanami''': A Kagerou Class Destroyer.

'''Hiro''': Hmm... A destroyer you said?

'''Sazanami''': Yup.

'''Hiro''': Sazanami, You remembered that story I told you a few days ago right?

'''Sazanami''': I do Master. Why did you recall?

'''Hiro''': Well... I have a bad feeling about this.



''As the two talked, the door opened and the person from HQ arrived and greeted the Admiral and the Secretary ship that were lost in the moment.''

'''Kagerou''': Hello Everyone! I am Kagerou, the first Ship of the Kagerou class Destroyers. From now on, I'll be helping you guys so rejoice! Please take care of me from now on.

'''Sazanami''': By the way master, why do you feel like you have seen a ghost?

'''Hiro''': Because this is the person I am talking about.

'''Kagerou''': I supposed you are not that surprised to see me Hiro-san. Better take good care of me.

'''Hiro''': Oh well. Welcome to the Raven's base. Let me just remind you that this is not an ordinary naval base...



''And my days as a ship-girl have just begun.''

-end
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]