==Start of season...==

Hiro: Phew... That was very worthwhile and we managed to get many ships that we need... Except for one... Ah, Akizuki... I failed you...

Sazanami: Master (in her Christmas Outfit), Please let me remind you that we got  <br />the Elusive Mizuho so It's fine.

Hiro: I know... But... I want to talk to someone who will listen to me...

Sazanami: I can listen to you too... Just so you know.

Hiro: Sazanami...

Sazanami: By the way, my outfit is nice... Isn't it?

Hiro: Perfect!!! (Thumbs up)

Sazanami: Well... to be honest, I think my arms are kinda ripping out of these sleeves... I am not getting fat anyways... Oh, it must be muscles then.

Hiro: ...

Sazanami: What's the matter Master?

Hiro: Hearing that term from you makes me want to run out of this place.

Sazanami: How rude Master... Also, I feel like the chest Area is a bit tight... I guess we need to send the correct measurement to the HQ.

Hiro: Really?

Sazanami: Master, Your perverted side is showing. Please restrain yourself.

Hiro: Sorry... Well... that news is kinda shocking.

Sazanami: I am a growing girl anyways...

Hiro: Well... Let me feel how much you have grown?

Sazanami: Master, let me remind you that Kazagumo-san has heard our "intimate moment", I don't want her to make use of that as a leverage.

Hiro: i see... (Turns away)

Sazanami: But, I can let you kiss me... even a bit.

Hiro: really!?

Sazanami: Nothing more. The touching can go a bit later when we are in bed.

Hiro: With pleasure...

The Admiral steps a bit closer and as he moved his face closer to Sazanami's face... the door opened.

Kazagumo: Oh my... Did I disturb you or something? Are you in the middle of making it out?

Hiro: ...

Sazanami: (blushes)

Kazagumo: Anyways... Here were the results of the LSC...

Hiro: Thanks Kazagumo... Hmm... First, we got Akitsumaru. And the other one was... Noshiro?

Sazanami: What's the matter?

Hiro:  Am I getting a bit lucky in the LSC?

Kazagumo: Oh, I forgot to say that Noshiro came from a failed Yamato recipe.

Hiro: ...

Sazanami: Master... You need to talk with me about this wastage.

Hiro: Yes Ma’am.

Kazagumo: By the way. Sazanami-san, can I borrow him...

Sazanami: No!

Kazagumo: okay. By the way, you can continue whatever you two are doing. I will let it pass.

Hiro: oh... not again...

Sazanami: So... You are provoking me? C'mon Yuugumo-class DD, show me your true prowess at the battle...

Kazagumo: Fine by me...

As the two stare at one another, Samidare came with a cake in her hand and she was tripped by the little seam in the floor

Samidare: Admiral! I can make cake now... Uwaaah!!!

The cake fell and hit the three that was in the way.

Hiro: ...

Sazanami: ...

Kazagumo: ...

Samidare: I am sooo.... sorry... Please let me clean it... Uwaaah!!!

Samidare fell because she stepped on the cake.

Hiro: Now then people...

Sazanami: My dress is a mess...

Kazagumo: I was going to go out today...

Samidare: Uuu... My first successful cake...

Hiro: Well then, shall we go get ourselves clean then.

Others: Alright.

The 4 cleaned the area and then after cleaning, they went and take a bath separately.


==Mizuho==

Adding to the last people who arrived in the Naval base was the seaplane tender Mizuho.

Mizuho: Hmm... This base is kinda large... Oh. That's Akitsushima!

Akitsushima: Uwaahhh. I am Sooo Useless... The Admiral didn't even use me...

Mizuho: Akitsushima!!!

Akitsushima: Oh!!! Is that you Mizuho-san?

Mizuho: Yes... Wait a bit... I am a bit slower...



Akitsushima waited for 5 minutes before the two proceed walking.

Akitsushima: By the way. You are so lucky when the Admiral personally asked you to help him retrieve Akizuki. I am so envious of you...

Mizuho: Well... he said that he really trusted me that I can do this job... so he carelessly sortie me and I made such spectacular results.

Akitsushima: I see... I will convince the Admiral that he will let me sortie too...

Mizuho: Wait...

Akitsushima dashed towards the Admiral's office.

Mizuho: I can't run with these clothes... I wonder if she'll be alright. After all, her general role is for carrying the flying boat and it takes 1 large plane slot. Hmm, I wonder if the Admiral's going to sortie her. Oh well... I better catch up. I need to say my thanks to the Admiral.



Mizuho walked slowly and saw Chitose (the Seaplane tender... not the carrier)...

Chitose: Oh! Mizuho-san! How are you doing?

Mizuho: I am fine. Asides, this base is kinda large for me.

Chitose: Well... I think you are kinda slow.

Mizuho: I already know that anyways. By the way, I know you had a carrier twin here. Am I right?

Chitose: Well... That's true. But I can't lose to her!

Mizuho: I see... How I wish I had a twin.

Chitose: !!!

Mizuho: What's the matter?

Chitose: was the Seaplane-Tender Princess your twin?

Mizuho: I don't know. She is more of my bad self...

Chitose: I see... Well, where are you heading anyways?

Mizuho: To the Admiral's office.

Chitose: Ah! He is currently out. I've heard that there was a commotion inside and there was white stuff splattered on Sazanami-sam, Samidare-san, Kazagumo-san and the Admiral himself.

Mizuho: White stuff?

Chitose: According to our resident Paparazzi, the four are somewhat doing indecent in the office a while ago.

Mizuho: I see...

Chitose: will you still go to the Admiral?

Mizuho: Well... (I don't know if that rumor is true anyways. So I better go and confirm it.) I still have to go. I need answers anyways.

Chitose: I see... Well good luck. May he look at your way too...

Mizuho: !?

Chitose went to a different destination and Mizuho went her way to the office to wait for the admiral.


==Kawakaze's discovery==

Kawakaze entered the office...

Kawakaze: Admiral!!! Samdiare-san brought us... Huh?

There was no one inside...

Kawakaze: Where did Samidare go and where did she put the cake. I also helped in the decoration of that cake. Oh well. I better wait for them.

Kawakaze sits in the Admiral's chair and she began playing in the chair.

Kawakaze: Hmm... This chair is comfortable... I wish I had one of this... Hmm... I wonder how they felt when they sat on this chair. Oh well... I personally want to sit above the Admiral myself but Shigure-nee and Yuudachi-nee prevented me from doing that. How come Samidare-chan gets what she wants? I better work hard too... Hmm... What is this?

Kawakaze pulled the small drawer and then she saw a box...

Kawakaze: !!!

She grabbed the box and she opened it...

Kawakaze: Wow... Is this the mythical ring? The one that can unlock our potentials?...

She decided to try the ring but it can't fit her little finger... Or rather, it rejects her.

Kawakaze: I see... so this one needs be level 99 to wear this one. As far as I can remember, Kongou-san is the only person who can get there first without any competition at all...

Then Kongou opened the office doors.

Kongou: Admiral!!! Merry Christmas!!! Oh it’s just Kawakaze... say, what is that thing you are holding?

Kawakaze: Ah... well... it's a box of earrings.

Kongou: really!? Well... I kinda hoped the Admiral give me a gift or two... oh well.. I can always wait for the ring. Afterall, I promised him too to protect him when the time calls for it. Like how we sisters decided to stay to his side no matter what happens.

Kawakaze: really?

Kongou: Well, It's trivial and nothing that special whatsoever... But see... the Admiral is someone we cherished so much, so harming him is a big no!!! it all applies to us all just in case you still don't know that. By the way... in this naval base, we only follow 5 rules that he imposed.

Kawakaze: Alright...

Kongou: Firstly, be who you are.

Kawakaze: !!!

Kongou: the first rule is self-explanatory itself. Afterall, he wants us to live in harmony with one another. so being true to yourself is the key to that. Though it will always create troubles for him... I believe it's still the best for us all.

Kawakaze: I see...

Kongou: Secondly, We are free to like/love the Admiral or any one we wished to be with... for as long as you are prepared to fight for it.

Kawakaze: Okay.

Kongou: Third is... Sazanami-san is our head secretary... we must at least respect her will... Asides, she is cute.

Kawakaze: okay...

Kongou: Fourth is... Oh, all of us are sisters even if we are not tied by any bond; because, we need to work with one another to become successful.

Kawakaze: I see...

Kongou: And lastly...

Kawakaze: I am ready...

Kongou: Asking for his hand comes with great ordeals... so one needs to reserve a spot. If one can't afford to reserve, please fall in line.

Kawakaze: !?

Kongou: You see... The Admiral chooses people too, am i right?

Kawakaze: yup.

Kongou: Normally, who would he call?

Kawakaze: Samidare, Sazanami, Kumano, Kinugasa, Suzukaze, Goya, Ryuujou, Maya, Kiso, etc...

Kongou: I see... so, are you included?

Kawakaze: nope...

Kongou: You see... since you mentioned my name in the list, then it means that we are somehow reserved a place to his heart... But the competition is already that tight and Sazanami-san is already hogging the points.

Kawakaze: okay...

Kongou: you didn't mentioned your sister's name or your own... so it means you are given a chance to fall in line or not join this parade. afterall, we are free to pick who we will love.

Kawakaze: I see...

Kongou: By the way, where is he anyways? I am here to ask if he can escort us to the city.

Then the Admiral came wearing his reserve Uniform.

Hiro: Hmm... Kawakaze, where did you pull that box from?

Kawakaze: There in the small compartment... Ah!?

Kongou: Compartment? Admiral... It's that ring, right?

Hiro: geh... yup. You guessed it already.

Kongou: I know you won't ask my hand for that... I am still far from the list anyways.

Hiro: Sorry...

Kongou: I am fine with that. We will be here anyways to support you. So fight on!!!

Hiro: Thanks... I'll make it up to you girls.

Kongou: Okay...

Hiro: Kawakaze, return that to where you got it.

Kawakaze: Okay.

Kawakaze returned the box and she removed herself from the chair.

Hiro: Oh... By the way, Samidare met an accident regarding to the cake. Sazanami and Samidare are making the cake once more. You can watch them if you want.

Kawakaze: Okay.



Kawakaze left the office and began dashing to the kitchen...

Kawakaze: looks like I need to learn a bit more about how they act. I need to be recognized too...

And Kawakaze entered the Kitchen.


==Kumano's drunk days.==

Later that night Kumano asked the Admiral for a round of drinking....

Hiro: Kumano... I don't drink, remember?

Kumano: Fine... I can drink anyway... I am disappointed that you don't take advantage of this young beauty like me...

Hiro: ...

Kumano: Well, let's go then...



They went towards the famous place for the busy people... the Izakaya which was managed by Houshou.

Hiro: Houshou-san, a table for two please!

Houshou: Oh... alright, by the way, are you drinking?

Hiro: ah... Nope... I am just here to listen to her...

Houshou: Oh... then go and entertain this sober of a carrier.

Hiro: !?

Kumano: who was she talking about...

Hiro (points his finger to the lone carrier in the corner): It's Coffee-chan.

Kumano: Hmm... But I want to speak something to you in private...

Hiro: Houshou-san, I can't do that request of you for today, can you call her roommate U-511 and ask her to take Graf Zeppelin home? Just call the office and  <br />Samidare will summon her.

Houshou: Alright... but are you sure?

Hiro: Well.... I better listen to the banters of this spoiled Oujo-sama bacause she can kill me if she wanted to.

Houshou: Alright then...

Hiro: Sorry for declining. By the ways... give me a warm chocolate. And her... 4 big glass of beer. I will for pay her anyways.

Hourhsou: Alright.

The two proceed towards their private spot in the Izakaya.



Hiro: Anyways, so what is your plan Kumano?

Kumano: well... I know that Kazagumo-chan tried to take control of you... I wanna see if I can do it...

Hiro: Please do not do it here...

Kumano: eehhh... well, that's true. I'd rather not do it here. Asides, Houshou-san seems to be a bit tolerant on us nowadays.

Hiro: Well... she has her own pick. Asides, she is kinda my second mom here in this base... so Probably she is just warning me not to be too close on many girls.

Kumano: Well... but in the end, you did it anyways and established this little game of house. So what am I in this game?

Hiro: the Rich Neighbor... who happens to be my childhood friend and my lover...

Kumano: ... (o///o)

Hiro: Anyways, this house game is bound to fall... because it was on unstable ground... But Kumano, why are you trying to drink? It's not like you can't drink at all...

Kumano: well... I wanna grow up a bit faster... So I think Drinking will do that trick.

Hiro: I think that is somewhat wrong of an excuse...

Kumano: Because I know you will love me more if I was more of an adult.

Hiro: But... I am charmed by your innocence... that smile that you carried on your face every time I greeted you. Wasn't that enough?

Kumano: But...

Hiro: oh... sorry for opening old wounds...

Kumano: I understand. I am tainted now...

Hiro: And So am I... Please don't burden yourself anymore.

Kumano: Alright.

Houshou-san arrived with their orders and some other orders they haven't ordered yet.

Hiro: !!!

Houshou: Oh, the other girls cheered you so they ordered something on your behalf... well they said that you need to enjoy eating once in a while.

Hiro: thanks...

Houshou: By the way Kumano-chan, I am still am mad that you hurt this young man, who is like my son; and loved you... So please take care of him more...

Kumano: Yes Ma'am

Houshou: alright. I better go; I need to take care of that German Carrier...

Houshou went out of the room and the two was left alone.

Hiro: ...

Kumano: ...

there was practically a lot of food that was ordered and they are troubled on who will eat it.

Hiro: Kumano...

Kumano: Hiro-sama, please take care of me... from here on.

Hiro: I appreciated it. Well then, let's chow this meal down and call Akagi and Kaga if we ever have leftovers.

Kumano: Alright then.

The two ate until they are full; Kumano was immediately drunk by the alcohol intoxification and the Admiral called the two carriers to finish the meal... He alone paid Houshou-san and the two went back to the base. He was Carrying Kumano in a princess carry.

Hiro: Compared to last time, It's manageable that there's only one who is drunk.

Kumano: Hiro-sama...

Kumano was sleep talking already.

Hiro: Yes... my princess...

Kumano: Please love me...

Hiro: ...

Kumano: Heheheh... Well, if you can't answer, then make a promise with me...

Hiro: ...

Kumano: That someday, when we are older and we are totally free... that we will love each other then. Because, I love you from the time I last saw you...

Hiro: ... (Kumano)

Kumano: Well... I am just wishful aren't I?

They arrived at the naval base and The Admiral carried Kumano into her room and lay her down to her bed and he immediately left sleeping.

The Admiral went to the rooftop and look at the moon

Hiro: Kumano...

Then the night comes to a close.


==Samidare's moonlight recital.==

Samidare and Suzukaze are at the rooftop and they are discussing something.

Suzukaze: Hm... The admiral seems to be with Kumano-san today. They are heading to the Izakaya. Aren't you going to stop them?

Samidare: Nope... It seems that Kumano wants to say something to the admiral.

Suzukaze: But aren't you worried at all?

Samidare: If they plan on doing something bad, they won't do it because the place will not allow them to do things recklessly.

Suzukaze: I see... so Sazanami-san, why are you hiding there today?



Sazanami enters the scene..

Sazanami: Well, knowing him... He'll not allow Kumano-san do anything bad or he'll not allow himself to do anything bad to Kumano-san while they are out of the base. Let's say that he is just conscious of the place itself.

Samidare: Yup. Anyways, since we are kinda here I am going to tell a story.

Suzukaze: Really?

Sazanami: By the way, tell them more about Master... I want to know more about him...

Samidare: Yup Sazanami-chan, you look like a dog wagging its tail already... so the story goes like this...

Samidare tell the two about the story about the Admiral at his younger years.



→→→ Mini story: The younger years of Hiro.

Hiro was young when we first met in the seaside of a town near by the sea. He was by then treated as an outcast by the kids of his age for being friendly to me.

He used to collect shells that he picked up near the shore to give it to me...  <br />Back then, The Hiro I knew was this very carefree kid. I never even knew he had undergone training back when he was younger... Anyways, Hiro was a simple person... It felt like he was enjoying his youth at its finest despite a bit older.

One day, he asked me a question...

"Aoi... How come you never left this hut and build a house near the community? I mean, you are not really a sick person nor some sort of a religious figure, then why can't you return to the village? The young Hiro Asked this inquiry to probe on why was she there in the first place.

"Well... It's because I am not loved... If I ever returned, I think they'll not treat me the way they treat me before and before I knew I'll be back here." I answered as i curl my hair.

"Aoi... You can live in our house. Nee-sama might disagree on this notion but My mom would probably let you stay." He took my hand and as if he tries to convince me to come to his house.

"But, if she hates me... and then she forbids you to go outside, I will lose the only friend I ever have..."

"Don't worry about it. I am very good at escaping."

"Hiro... please don't say that... they might worry for you if you disappear."

"Are you sure you don't want me to be there?"

"Is not like that... I think your mom will understand you well enough, asides she thinks she knew that I am the only friend you have anyways..."

"Nope... Mom isn't like that. Unlike Sis who was free to do a lot of things she wants, I am under stricter rules... She wants me to be married to a certain young girl in the city."

"So in the end... when you grow a bit older... you'll just leave me. Hiro. If you want, I can tell those kids that I am cutting my friendship and you should start living a normal life."

"..." Hiro was silent when I mentioned the term Normal life.

"Hiro? What was the matter?" I looked at him closely and then...

"Normal... I see, this is the normal life that I have been looking for. After all... Never mind. I doubt you'll believe me like how of those adults never believed me back then."

"?"

"Anyways, please don't cut ties with me... If you do that... Hmm... what would be your punishment for that?"

"eh..."

"I know, if you try to cut ties with me, I'll make your life miserable until you decide to be friends with me." Hiro Smiled as if he knows he will win in the end.

"..."

"Aoi... Are you still going to cut ties?"

"Nevermind... I never saw someone being happy in tormenting someone. Honestly, what did happened back then?

"I'm not telling you. It's a promise I made with my friend back there..."

"So It seems that you have promised someone too..." I turned back as I spoke those words...

Suddenly, Hiro embraced me from behind (no meaning at all, just friends).

"Idiot... she was just my friend and we agreed to those terms... But, you are special to me."

"Hiro? What are you saying?"

"Aoi... please be my guide until the time I left..."

"Please don't leave..." I utter those selfish words to make him stay.

End of flashback ←←←


Sazanami: So... are you implying that Master was already broken long, long time ago?

Suzukaze: I see... that explains the scars I saw on his back...

Sazanami: Scars? Wait... those are different.

Samidare: Wait... I never heard or see those scars?

Sazanami: Oh really? I thought you saw them... Ah, it was dark back then...

Samidare: please don't say it anymore...

Suzukaze: what are you two talking about anyways?

Samidare: It's a secret...

Sazanami: We just bond over master and become...

Samidare: That's it...

Samidare covered Sazanami's mouth in order for her not to say any unnecessary words that might make Suzukaze curious or even words.

Suzukaze: Well... if it's just bonding, wasn't being with him enough. And why was it always happens in the ...

Samidare used a karate chop to make Suzukaze fall asleep...

Samidare: ...

Sazanami: ...

Samidare: I better take her now to our room...

Sazanami: Alright.

The three left and they all retire for the night.


==The Christmas gift==

In a certain dormitory inside the naval base... there was a young destroyer riting her wish on a paper slip...

Ak : Hmm... With this... I can get present from Santa-san and caught him myself and after that I will show him to the admiral and he will praise me and recognize me as a lady.

Ve: But, if you are waiting for Santa-san... aren't you acting childish?

Ak: Eh...

Ve: Oh my... Looks like you need to learn a bit more on how to become one.

Ak: But where can we learn how to become a perfect lady?

Ve: hmm... It seems Kumano-sama is unavailable at the moment and No one seems to be really that interested in becoming one.

Ak: No way...

Ve: well, Kumano is born like that that's why she is a true lady... but All I can remember is that Kinugasa-san also came from a prominent family before arriving at this naval base.

Ak: Ah... I remember... but, will she listen to us? I mean, I need to be recognize as a lady soon.

Ve: Why would you need that?

Ak: Because a lady can win the hearts of any guy.

Ve: Okay (poker face).

Ak: But... I am scared of her...

Ve: Honestly, she was the only person in this base asides from Aoba-san that we should avoid.

Ak: But how would my aspirations then... how will I become a ...

Ve: Shh... The Admiral is here...

Ak: Okay.



The two destroyers looked and see the admiral escorting Uzuki and Yayoi to their rooms as if he was their prince charming.

Ak: Everytime I see the twins being escorted by the admiral I am envious because he doesn't do that to me.

Ve: Well... did you remember that you said that 'a lady can handle things by herself.'

Ak: Ahh...

Ve: well... since you said that when he asked you for the first time, you immediately turned him down. so the result, whenever he had some free time, he will go and play with Uzuki and Yayoi.

Ak: Uuu... I am soo stupid...

Ve: Well... How about we sleep now?

Ak: Wait... I need to drink my warm milk first.

Ve: Alright. I am going to drink one too...they each took one glass of warm milk  and they drink it like it was some sort of a ritual... then, a few minutes later they went to the bed and fall asleep.



A few hours after...

Santa: Hmm... Looks like they are good kids this time around... Oh well, even if you don't wait for Santa to visit... I can always give time by supporting all of you...

Santa put a large box in the make-shift table made by Akatsuki and left a note saying...

[I know this is not much, but thanks for staying with us.]

Santa: okay...

Reindeer: Santa, we need to go now! They could wake up soon.

Santa: Alright...

Santa Claus went out of the room and went to the other rooms to deliver his presents for the destroyers of the destroyer dorm.




The morning came and the two woke up.

Ak: Oh...

Ve: looks like Santa visited us... or rather, our clumsy dad visited us.

Ak: Yup... Thanks for the gift... Admiral.

The two opened the box and then after that they looked on the large snow globe with the full members of DesDiv 6 being together.

Ak: I wonder... If he can get Inazuma and Ikazuchi into our rooms?

Ve: Well... I hope he would expand our base first before doing that.

Ak: Yup...

Ve: well then, it’s a special day today, let's go down and ask for some pancakes...

Ak: Alright.



The two went out to eat breakfast.


==A christmas carol...==

Hiro: well then... Say, how come we are getting tons of people singing outside asking for some money?

Sazanami: Master, it's the time of the year...

Hiro: Oh... I forgot about that Looks like it was one of those times that I barely remember any celebrations because I am busy at the moment.

Sazanami: Was being a soldier tough?

Hiro: Yup...

Sazanami: well... last year, you spent the whole Christmas with us 5 right?

Hiro: True...

Sazanami: So, did they already accept the invitations already?

Hiro: well... Hoshi is fine with it and Anzu, I mean Inazuma will come here. Ralph does not celebrate Christmas because of his circumstances... But he will also arrive here with Fubuki because they wanted to see how much we had changed and Though Claire rarely goes out to the open for she is a princess of this island nation, she actually said yes to the invitation. Murakumo seemed to be overjoyed with that.

Sazanami: Say... did you actually invited Aoba-sensei into this?

Hiro: Well... She is the sponsor of our get together... I can't say no to her.

Sazanami: fine. For as long as she can shoulder the food bills, it’s all green in the end.

Hiro: Yup.

Sazanami: well...

Hiro: What was it?

Sazanami: Can I sing you a song?

Hiro: Sazanami... what are you planning?

Sazanami: I wanted to receive something from you... Asides, I heard from a certain country that one sings carols to get some kind of ...

Hiro: "singing Carols"

Sazanami: Ah... so, what will you give me...

Hiro: sorry, can it wait until 24th?

Sazanami: I know you are going to say that... but why those people who came as groups are being given money?

Hiro: Well... because they are doing it professionally, even for just the next 8 days of their lives as a group.

Sazanami: Well then... ♫Joy to the world, the Lord has come...♫



Sazanami sings Joy to the world but, the Admiral's expression didn't change at all... In the end, Sazanami didn't receive any from the admiral because she sucks at singing.


==The most unusual dance...==

Hiro: Maikaze... why are we in the frozen pond?

Maikaze: Because it's the time of the year to do something crazy in the ice. So  <br />Admiral... how was your balance?

hiro: Well... it's terrible.

Maikaze: Then, Looks like I need to guide you.

Hiro: please do...



The audience saw everything unfolds in their eyes:

Sazanami: That girl... She plays unfair.

Samidare: True...

Kumano: Shall I interrupt them?

Sazanami: You are not allowed to do that...

Samidare: stay put... you can't run on ice anyways.

Kumano: Hmm... (Pouts), I wish Hiro-sama would go out here...



The three can only complain since they are in the skating rink (frozen lake) and they are watching the two who are trying to dance on ice.

Hiro: Maikaze... where did you learn to skate?

Maikaze: I don't know. I just know I can make it...

Hiro: ...

Maikaze: but, I can teach you how to skate too and become what was that term again...

Hiro: (she might be referring to Disney on Ice.) I can't remember.

Maikaze: Oh well... anyways, we will become legends anyways...

Hiro: I doubt about that.

A few minutes later the Admiral has grasped the balancing method and he started calling the audience who are excited to touch his hand... the problem was...

Kumano: unfair... why do I have be taught by Maikaze of all people?

Hiro: Because you can actually stay balanced on ice... so she will teach you advance techniques... while the two are not yet used to it...Kumano: (Pouts) Hiro-sama is so mean today...

Hiro: After this, we would have an opportunity to dance in this piece of miracle.

Kumano: Oh well...



The Admiral taught the two how to balance and they succeeded in doing it in shorter time than the Admiral.



A few minutes after, they decided to show off to one another.

Hiro: Say Maikaze...

Maikaze: yup?

Hiro: Thanks for the ride... It was wonderful... but I wished that we can stay a bit longer here too...

Maikaze: What are you saying Admiral... The Ice is not that bad afterall, and of course, we could always do it in a skating rink.

Hiro: that's true.



Kumano approached the two of them...

Kumano: Hiro-sama, it's my turn now.

Hiro: Maikaze, I have to go now.

Maikaze: Alright...

Maikaze lets go of the Admiral's hand and she stood at the edge of the lake near the shore...

Maikaze: (The Admiral's hand is big and warm... I loved it.)

Maikaze held her hand to the wamth she felt when she was holding the Admiral's hand.

Maikaze: To give is to recieve... huh? I guess this is my reward for this season.

Maikaze went out once more and began teaching the novices Samdiare and Sazanami some weird techniques.<br />



==The hot Cocoa...==

U-511 returned from her sortie. After that she went to the fridge and took some cocoa and put it in a pan of boiling water.

Yuu: Hmm... This season is too good for chocolates... I wonder why the Admiral keeps things like these. I better thank him though.

Yuu took out the pan with the chocolate drink and she poured it into her cup and then she slowly drink it for she is mindful of the heat.



The Submarine team has returned from Orel and saw Yuu sipping a cup of hot cocoa.

Goya: Yuu... Is that chocolate-decchi?

Yuu: Yup... would you like to taste some?

Goya: Alright. Guys, let's drink Chocolate and before we head back once more-<br />decchi.

Others: Okay...

Yuu: Decchi... How many are you in the team anyways?

Goya: I am not Decchi.... but we are 4 in the group-decchi.

Yuu: 4 more... Okay...



Yuu took out 4 pieces of the Cocoa she took from the ref a while ago and made a new batch of Chocolate drink.

A few minutes after, she poured the chocolate into the mugs which was designated to the other subs.

Goya: Wow... it's so warm I am melting inside-decchi... by the way, where did you get that-decchi?

Yuu: It's from the fridge. The Admiral bought that a few days ago.

Goya: I see...

the other subs had finished docking and they went and took a sip from the chocolate drink.

Imuya: Hmm... Delicious! It's so warm too...

Hachi: So warm...

Iku: Yup. It's perfect for this cold weather...

Yuu: Thanks.

Goya: you know what... if you are a little bit higher... we could let you join us in the cruise-decchi.

Yuu: really?

Goya: well then, after this, let's head back. The Admiral is somehow motivated right now. Let's not waste it today-decchi.

Others: Ooohhh!!!



A few days later, the stock of Cocoa mysteriously vanished from the fridge.


==The Deal==

The Admiral is currently taking a nap when his team arrived from 2-5

Kinugasa: Admiral!!! Oh, he is asleep.

Sazanami: Good work for today.

Kinugasa: thanks. By the way, I wanted to surprise him...

Sazanami: You got Taigei?

Kinugasa: Nope.

Sazanami: Hmm... Then it's not what we need.

Kinugasa: But, she is someone you rarely meet...

Sazanami: Hmm... Was she Naganami? Well, we can arrange a room for her... Of course since Yuugumo-san arrived at this base 2 weeks ago. So, will this new girl be the fresh face of the base?

Kinugasa: Of course, we already interviewed her just in case.

Sazanami: Per chance was she wearing a Santa clothes?

Kinugasa: How did you know?

Sazanami: She is here...



A girl with blue hair enters and she bowed and she introduced herself.

Hatsukaze: I am Hatsukaze: Nice meeting you... say, are you the Admiral?

Sazanami: Of course I am not the Admiral. Master is currently sleeping...

Hatsukaze: ...

Sazanami: Master... we have a newcomer.

Hiro: Hmm... An extra ship, who was she?

Sazanami: Hatsukaze.

Hiro (wakes up to his senses): Hatsukaze!!!???

Sazanami: Yes, the new girl is Hatsukaze.

Hatsukaze Bowed to the fresh from slumber admiral and made her introduction.

Hatsukaze: I am a Kagerou-class Destroyer named Hatsukaze, Nice meeting you.

Hiro: So you are Hatsukaze... you look more courteous than the usual. I mean you are... different.

Hatsukaze: Despite having a lot of me... I can assure that there is only one of me who is different from the other.

Hiro: Alright...

Hatsukaze: Say Admiral, why do you sleep even though there is still work. And you secretary, aren't you too lenient on him?

Sazanami: Oh... I am indeed too lenient on him. Asides, he is working harder than most of you can see... it's just that he doesn't want others to see it. I can attest to that and Kinugasa-san can vouch for that too.

Hatsukaze: Really?

Hiro: Hmm... (looks like I need to scare her once.)

Kinugasa: admiral, I'll be back to do my duties.

Hiro: Alright.

Sazanami: Master, your grin is terrifying me today.

Hiro: Oh. This is nothing compared seeing Samidare smiling while holding the knife.

Sazanami: that's indeed true Master.

Hatsukaze: umm... Can I go to my room?

Hiro: Alright. Sazanami, escort her to her room.

Sazanami: roger!!!

Sazanami escorted Hatsukaze and they went to her room. her roommate is  <br />Tokitsukaze.



Meanwhile at the office…

Hiro: Samidare, please call Yuugumo over.

Samidare: Alright.

Yuugumo entered the room.

Yuugumo: Did you called for me, Admiral?

Hiro: I did say, what the occasion in the next few days?

Yuugumo: It's Christmas, Right?

Hiro: Good.

Yuugumo: (I wonder what he will do.)

Hiro: Anyways, this time around, I need some helpers.

Yuugumo: helpers?

Hiro: Yup. And also, the newcomers have to join the fun.

Yuugumo: But I am...

Hiro: You are a newcomer too, since your registry is already struck... having you here again is somewhat a mystery... I am happy.

Yuugumo: Yup. Me too... I was glad that I was given a second chance to see you again.

Hiro: well then, Please see to it that we can scare the newest member of our team.

Yuugumo: I am in!

Yuugumo shake hands with the Admiral.


==Winter wonderland==

The Kotatsu was already installed in every part of the base and they had a very warm and comfortable day as usual. But, there are few people who prefer being in the cold.

Nagato: ...

Mutsu: What is the matter?

Nagato: I can't seem to pinpoint the location of my hidden gems.

Mutsu: Nagato... if you are referring to the Destroyer kids, they are all spending their time cuddling in the kotatsu.

Nagato: No... That’s not it... I want to see Yuu-tan.

Mutsu: She is currently on mission. By the way, have you already heard the rumors that Kazagumo-san is getting the attention of the association right?

Nagato: yup. Because she is also messed up like Yuugumo-chan who was a bit... too suggestive.

Mutsu: I see... say, Did you ever thought about even a bit that you are a girl and girls fall in love with boys.

Nagato: I do... But the Admiral was not my type of guy anyways. He is too deep to understand.

Mutsu: I see...

Nagato: but I heard from the Kongou-sisters that they like that aspect of him.

Mutsu: ...

Nagato: Asides, what I want from a guy is that he can make me feel like I am a destroyer too.

Mutsu: That's probably impossible hearing that from you. Oh well, but since I am quite sure there are few people who don't view that way. I pray you may find him.

Nagato: Anyways, I heard his dad was my ideal... Oh why did he die early?

Mutsu: ...

Hiro: You two are you finished with the touch ups. Sorry for asking you two to help me.

Mutsu: We are not yet finished. But we are 95% complete.

Hiro: Good. By the way, do you know what happened to the chocolates?

Nagato: Oh. The submarines took them because they loved it.

Hiro: ...

Nagato: Anyways Admiral... So how is your first winter?

Hiro: Terrible as always. Thankfully, we had airconditioning. Back when I was a kid, Me and my friend got pranked and we got stranded in a mountain in the middle of freaking winter blizzard.

Mutsu: ...

Nagato: Hahahahah! Now I know why you are so strong. Say, who was your friend you are talking to?

Hiro: It's Arare...

Nagato: ...

Mutsu: ...

Hiro: Well, she did capture bears back then... Anyways, I have to take this side too... Please take these...



The Admiral threw 2 packs of Cocoa towards Nagato and Mutsu. The two of them caught the Packs and they hid it on their winter coats.

Nagato: ...

Mutsu: So, what was the problem Nagato?

Nagato: Arare is the only destroyer I don't want to mess...

Mutsu: So was she cute for your standards?

Nagato: Well... I wanted to tame that beast.

Mutsu: well goodluck.

Nagato: And also, I think...

Mutsu: Now way...

Nagato: The Admiral and I will be best buddies regarding to our love for the destroyers.

Mutsu: Nagato, please don't scare the heck out of me. (Phew, I thought she has fallen for him too...)

Nagato: Well... Let's go and use the cocoa as a refreshing warm drink.

Mutsu: Okay.



The two finished plowing the snow and they went in to dissolve the Cocoa they received from the Admiral.


==Roma the Snowman...==

Libeccio is making snowman outside the Naval base.

Libeccio: ♫

As she makes it she realized it that the snowman she was making resembles her comrade Roma.

Libeccio: Hmm... I guess, I can put a scarf here... and the monocle too just to look like her. There! Perfect!!!

Libeccio went back to her room to drink something.



A few minutes later.

Italia: Roma?

The snowman didn't respond.

Italia: Strange... Why can't you speak any at all?

The snowman didn't budge a bit.

Italia: Oh, I know you are shy. I am here anyways so doing worry about it.



Roma arrived and saw her sister talking to the snowman.

Roma: Sis... why are you talking to a snow man?

Italia: Oh... Finally, you spoke back…

Roma: I am right behind you...

Italia: oh... My blunder indeed, Say, did you made this?

Roma: Nope. But Libeccio wanted to show me something. Say, it does resemble me.

Italia: She really looks up to us.

Roma: oh well... I better ask the Admiral on the gift that she might wanted to receive. Afterall, he is the founder of the 'I ♥ Libe-tan' Fans club.

Italia: Ufufufufufu! Well... I'll snap a photo and keep it. You should take one too with the snowman.

Roma: Alright.

Italia took out her camera and snap a photo of her and Roma in between of the snowman.


==The winter journal. (Hiei's day story)==

[There was a circulating blank notebook around the naval base. It was said that once it touches the hands of the admiral... he might fulfill your wish]




===Dec. 10.===

I am tired from constant PVPs... Well, the battles are kinda easy but the problem is that the clothes are kinda cold... Hmm… I remembered, Nagato-san is making my winter clothes, I better checked on her progress.

As always, she gets the work done. And I think I am perfectly fine with that.  <br />Oh, I met Onee-sama outside and she said that we four would have a kotatsu meeting in the evening. Hmm...

I went back to the room and as I try to entertai... [The writer dozed off]



I woke up with Haruna, Kirishima and Kongou-onee sama waiting for me. I brushed up my hair and remove any saliva dropping from my mouth and we proceeded with the meeting.

Anyways, we had decided that Kongou Onee-sama will be ringed first once the Admiral started giving us rings. well, that will happen when he provisionally married them. I wonder when will I got my ring too. I better work hard for his sake.

Anyways, we ended the meeting with dinner and we ate a lot It was one of our favorite meals shared upon the Kotatsu... Sukiyaki.



We finished eating and I stood up a bit and take some breath of fresh air.



I met the Admiral who was talking to a girl with brown hair... Was that Kazagumo-chan? well... I didn't really tried to look at it. Then, Kazagumo tried to attack the Admiral but the admiral evades her advances only resulting to her defeat. Phew. Thank goodness he didn't get attacked.

As I breathe out, I saw the Admiral kisses Kazagumo's Forehead and he pats hear head as if he is teasing her. Kazagumo complains but the admiral only laughed. I realized that he was smiling. After that brief exchange between the two, he left and Kazagumo went to the Destroyer's dorm.



I resumed walking and I realized that I was in an unfamiliar place of the base... Practically, it was the old building that was under renovation. I sat at the benches and saw the Admiral looking at the moon and a few moments after, our eyes met.



The Admiral went to my side and he sat at the bench I was seating.

[I can still remember clearly what he said, so I better jot it down in this note]

Hiro: Hiei...

Hiei: Yes admiral? (I was truly nervous)

Hiro: Say, did you saw me kissing Kazagumo in the forehead?

Hiei: ...

Hiro: Don't deny it...

Hiei: I did...

Hiro: Well... Kazagumo and I are kinda awkward whenever we are together.

Hiei: well... What is your relationship with her?

Hiro: I am trying to look for it. The words seems to go out of my mind whenever I tried to say this.

Hiei: I can't understand.

Hiro: Because I can't properly explain it. By the way, please keep this talk between us.

Hiei: Why?

Hiro: because... I am kinda falling for Kazagumo's brokenness...

Hiei: ...

Hiro: say, are you mad?

Hiei: Kinda...

Hiro: Well...



The Admiral embraced me as he tried to express his sorry expression. He held me tight as he tries to hold me.

Hiei: I can't breathe Admiral...

Hiro: Sorry...

Hiei: I do not mind. But...

Hiro: Say Hiei, Have you remembered something about our first meeting?

Hiei: Yup. It was the night of the full moon.

Hiro: Yup. You are standing at the shore looking at the moon. You look lovely back then.

Hiei: Admiral...

Hiro: well, I kinda liked how you always reminds me of my mom. I mean you really looked like her. I was doubting that you and mom are the same people.

Hiei: ...

Hiro: Anywyas, since I already confirmed that the two of you are different... I already broke free of the 'Oedipus Complex'.

Hiei: Haaahh...

Hiro: Kidding asides, Hiei... Please help me in trouble times...

Hiei: Sure Admiral. Afterall, Asides from Kongou Onee-sama, I am the best girl for you.

Hiro: (smiles) Well... Sazanami is still my girl. Anyways, thanks.

Hiei: for what?

Hiro: Just by staying... I mean by talking to me without reserve. I missed it already and I feel like some of them are constrained about that communication.

Hiei: I see...

Hiro: Well... I better go.

Hiei: Can I ask you for a favor?

Hiro: well...

Hiei: Please remember this night...



I kissed the Admiral's lips as I finished speaking this line. As I kept my distance near... I gently sealed his lips and I reached out for his tongue.

The Admiral didn't fight back nor struggled back... He is truly consderate of me...

We finished kissing immediately and he turned back saying...

Hiro: Merry Christmas Hiei. Thanks for the gift.

Hiei: Thank you. This memory will be your gift to me this Christmas...

And he walked back to his room.



After that night, I can't sleep properly.

- Hiei





===Omake (this how it looks from the others wiew point...)===

The 3 sisters saw everything that happened that night.

Kongou: Damn that Hiei..., knowing that the Admiral favors her more than me... Ganunununununu! (Bites the handkerchief)

Haruna: But still, it was Hiei-nee's fault for breaking our agreement.

Kirishima: Nope... I think what she did is a bit great for us sisters.

Haruna: Why was that?

Kirishima: Well... at least he is aware that we are also aiming for him despite not looking at us. Hiei nee-sama did a great job of securing it for the three of us.

Kongou: But... that girl, It was pretty obvious that the Admiral favors her more than me...

Haruna: Well..., among of the four of us; she was the one who joined last. His frustration on not getting her has converted into something we never understand.

Kongou: Like how he yearns for Kazagumo-chan?

Kirishima: That's a different story... It was more of how he wants the Akizuki-class Destroyers to arrive at our Naval base.

Haruna: I see...

kirishima: well, let's head back and get ourselves some shut eyes.

Kongou: But I want to kiss the Admiral too...

Kirishima: I doubt he would allow you... well... Nee-sama, let's go back now.  <br />Hiei nee-sama will explain and we'll explain what would be her punishment for this.

Kongou: Alright.



The three went back to their rooms and had their good night's sleep.


==The grown up Christmas list.==

The admiral is looking at his old Christmas list that was stuck on his notebook.

Hiro: Hmm... Now that I am older, this list seems to be very vague...

Sazanami: Master, what are you looking at?

Hiro: well... It's a wish list I made back when I was a child. I had 3/10 crossed out already. (that December 10 affair counts too...)

Sazanami: I see... well, can I take a look?

Hiro: Sure...



Sazanami took the list and saw what was written in the old brownish page

Sazanami: ...

Hiro: Can you understand?

Sazanami: Nope...

Hiro: Well...



[The list was listed like this...

01. Snowy plains (crossed out)<br />02. Santa Claus (Crossed out)<br />03. Something more delicious than my food<br />04. A memory of Christmas (Crossed out)<br />05. A real Sister... (Who is not an adapted sister)<br />06. Pets<br />07. Being a Jedi...<br />08. A firebird<br />09. Being a magician<br />10. ??? (To be decided after the 9 were fulfilled.



Sazanami: What the heck is this list!!!??? It's not attainable at all!!! Master, what did you ate when you made this?

Hiro: My mother's curry...

Sazanami: ...

Hiro: I was pretty white washed after eating... It felt like seeing the gates of heaven.

Sazanami: Master's mom... So scary...

Hiro: well... Curry was the forbidden dish in the house and only me and my dad (according to mom) can do it.

Sazanami: By the way, I never saw your dad. Why was that?

Hiro: He passed away when I entered middle school...

Sazanami: I see... By the way, when we went into your home, I saw a locked room. who lived there?

Hiro: My big sister... But she is just an adopted sister. I am the only person born by my mom.

Sazanami: I see...

Hiro: So, what can we do about this list?

Sazanami: It's time to remake that list.



Sazanami gets the notebook and tears a page out of it and she started writing in the paper...

01. Something you haven't seen ---<br />02. Something you haven't eaten ---<br />03. Something you wanted (not a ship-girl) ---<br />04. Something you would die getting your hands at (not a ship-girl) ---<br />05. Something you would treasure.<br />06. Something that will make your heart race<br />07. A memory to last ---<br />08. a dance to remember ---<br />09. A kiss... ----<br />10. To be decided after completing the first 9...

Sazanami: with this... I think you can get it completed someday.

Hiro: I understand.

The Admiral crossed out numbers 01, 03 and 07.

Sazanami: I see...

Hiro: what was it?

Sazanami: Come to me when you finished the other 6.

Hiro: Okay. Say, was there a reason why you signed that list?

Sazanami: Because I need to make sure that I am the last person who will see the list.

Hiro: How mischievous. You are definitely planning something. But I never hated it.

Sazanami: Because I am your one... please remember that when you flirt with the others.

Hiro: ...

Sazanami: Well, I guess it can't be helped. I'll wait for that moment anyways.  <br />Also, I can feel that you are actually liking the list, are you perhaps...

Hiro: well... Christmas is coming this close. I guess, I can spend it with my newly formed family and the ones that I care and love.

Sazanami: silly Master. Anyways, since we knew anyways that there will always be hard times ahead, I hope you can be ready for those times.

Hiro: I got it.

Sazanami: Anyways, how will be the mechanic's christmas turns out?

Hiro: I don't know. But since the 2 carriers are crazy for him... I guess I leave him like that.

Sazanami: Only 2? How about Naka-san, she seems to be very sticky to him.

Hiro: Ah. She said that he was not his type. She was harassing that guy.

Sazanami: ...

Hiro: Anyways, I don't know how Shoukaku views it. But I guess we can leave it like that.

Sazanami: Are you sure?

Hiro: Yup. It's the mechanic's job to take care not only the planes but also the condition of the ones who use it.

Sazanami: Somehow, you like it.

Hiro: Well... I better complete this list now. This list will be marked unfinished in the end.

Sazanami: Take care.

Hiro: Well... Time to complete no. 4 in the list.

Sazanami: ...



There was a large commotion in the office after that.


==Aftermath.==

Samidare: Admiral... Why did you try to grope Sazanami-chan's breast?

Hiro: I was fulfilling a Christmas list.

Samidare: Liar...

Hiro: Look at it if you want proof.

The admiral gave Samidare the proof...

Samidare: ...

Hiro: You believe me now?

Samidare: I can't believe you want to do it...

Hiro: ...

Samidare: I guess... well, I believe you want to complete the no. 9. I will do it.

Hiro: ...

Samidare: well... just accept it. It's your punishment.

Hiro: Alright.

Samidare: here it comes...



The Admiral was kissed by Samidare... It didn't last that long and she crossed the no. 4 and 9 in the list.

Samidare: I can't believe you did that just cross two of the list. I like that move Admiral.

Hiro: So you figured it out? Oh well... Anyways. Untie me...

Samidare: while we are at it...

The Admiral untied the ropes that bind him and immediately run away from Samidare.

Samidare: Ah, I wanted him to taste my newest creation. It was crazily delicious... I guess I'll leave it at his office then.

Samidare hid her pleasant surprise in the small fridge.


==The Mechanic's Christmas...==

Kuro: Hiro... I am going back to my house this Christmas.

Hiro: Hmm... I remember you don't have any family left there?

Kuro: that's true. But My Christmas is always like that. So, can you permit my leave for now?

Hiro: Well... I can, but are you sure about leaving?

Kuro: My mind will go mad if I stay here with those girls...

Hiro: True... But you have no one there to greet you.

Kuro: It's fine. The peace is calming me...

Hiro: Nope... what I meant is...

The Admiral pointed the two girls who were glaring at him...

Zuikaku: You are leaving? Not on my watch!!!

Katsuragi: Kurogane-san... I demand you not to leave this premises at once.

Kuro: ...

Zuikaku: Katsuragi... let's leave the battles for now and never let him feel lonely this holiday.

Katsuragi: Yes Zuikaku-sanpai...

Shoukaku: You two... please do not bother Kurogane-san at all... He needs some space.

Zuikaku: ...

Katsuragi: ...

Shoukaku: well Kurogane-san, please enjoy your vacation.

Shoukaku winked at the Mechanic and then...

Kuro: Hiro...

Hiro: what is it this time?

Kuro: I'll stay...

Hiro: ...

Kuro: looks like I can endure it...

Hiro: Whatever...


The three left and Kuro left and went back to his dorm.


==Shoukaku's wish==

Shoukaku enters the office once more.

Hiro: So Shoukaku, are you sure you don't like him?

Shoukaku: Well... I think he is not as great as you... but I like him too... afterall, I want him as my sister's lover.

Hiro: ...

Shoukaku: Don't get me wrong Admiral... I wanted my sister to be happy before Christmas.

Hiro: How about you? Will you be happy?

Shoukaku: I will be happy once I Zuikaku is happy.

Hiro: Alright, If that's your decision. So, why are you shedding your tears?

Shoukaku: Well... I am glad Zuikaku will be happy.

Hiro: Well, She just needed someone who can trust her. Well, Kuro is doing his job. So Shoukaku, why do you look like...?

Shoukaku immediately aimed the arrow at the Admiral's face.

Shoukaku: You are nosy today....

Hiro: Learn to respect your superiors... [Oxidation]

Shoukaku's arrow dissolves and the Admiral pats her head.

Hiro: Listen here... I know that you are a delinquent boss before I met you and your sister... But I prefer that you calm down. Zuikaku will not go away. And you will be here to see it too.

Shoukaku cries...

Shoukaku: I am supposed to be the person who would be protecting her sister and yet now, My little sister is getting more independent...

Hiro: I know. But that is my purpose of taking the two of you. I want you two to become more independent and stand at your own toes. You two just lean on the other to survive. But, I need to make it clear that she needs to be strong for the coming days.

Shoukaku: I see...

Hiro: Also, I need you to become stronger too... Though I don't have the right to say it now. But I intend to remodel both of you into Armored Carriers. I just need the catapults.

Shoukaku: I see... So you are training us to become stronger on our own.

Hiro: Yup. and then, if the two of you are stronger by being alone, I'll bring you both and become a force to be reckoned with.

Shoukaku: I see...

Hiro: well... Advice time is over. Please take care of them. Will you?

Shoukaku: Yes Admiral.

Shoukaku run outside and she went back to the dorms.



Sazanami enters...

Sazanami: So that was your plan, Master?

Hiro: well... Honestly, I plan on telling her the truth sooner, but she herself presented the opportunity to make me say it.

Sazanami: So what was her wish anyways?

Hiro: Well... She just wants her sister Zuikaku to be happy. ZUikaku wants her sister to be happy. How Ironic.

Sazanami: well... Sisterly love is the best isn't it?

Hiro: Well... Whatever, But they will fight over a guy. That's what I know.

Sazanami: Well... Let's leave it like that.

Hiro: Alright. Let's eat dinner. It's getting late already.

Sazanami: Okay.



The two went out and eat dinner at the mess hall.


==With Maikaze...==

Maikaze is in the studio dancing alone...

Maikaze: [the Admiral will be coming late today since the festivities started already... Hmm, I wish he told me already so that I will not have to call for him.]

Maikaze then finished her dance number with the bow.



Maikaze sat at the floor and she took a sip of water from the bottle.

Nowaki enters the room.

Nowaki: Good work for today.

Maikaze: Yup. Thanks for everything.

Nowaki: ...

Maikaze: What's wrong Nowa-cchi?

Nowaki: well...



the Admiral arrives...

Hiro: Sorry If I am late.

Maikaze: It's fine...

Hiro: Oh, Nowaki is here too...

Nowaki: Yup.

Hiro: Well, Maikaze... can I ask you for a dance?

Maikaze: Well, you are always welcome, But what for?

Hiro: My revised Christmas list.

The Admiral showed his Christmas list with only 4 numbers left uncrossed.

Maikaze: ... (Someone stole the kiss... damn!)

Hiro: Well?

Maikaze: Okay. Hold me in this area.

Maikaze pointed out her waist and she immediately drags the admiral's arm into her waist.

Hiro: well... how are we going to do with this awkward position?

Maikaze: well... Ballroom is fine. Well, I can let you even touch me even below if you ever want.

Hiro: ...

Maikaze: Well... (Blushes), Can you make me more than your dance partner?

Hiro: Well...

Maikaze: Admiral. I am patiently waiting.

Hiro: Nowaki is watching us...

Maikaze: Oh, let her be... afterall, I am letting her see this side of me...



Nowaki is witnessing the changes in Maikaze's expression and Maikaze's aura changed.

Nowaki: !!! (Mai... why are you going away?)



Hiro: Maikaze, Please let's get this started. We are getting side-tracked...

Maikaze: Alright. I do plan on teasing you... but your fortitude is something that is not laughable. You are truly strong.

Hiro: Anyways, let's start. Nowaki, Can you press the play button?



Nowaki went and pressed the play button... and then, the atmosphere between the two changes.

Hiro: Nowaki, witness the power of a dance.



The two danced to the tune of Tango and the two take the dance to a whole different level.


'''
[Maikaze's Thoughts]'''

The Admiral is close... I can feel his heartbeat, I can feel his warmth and I can feel his gentleness. Ah, I wish I can make this person mine. Sazanami-chan, congrats on fishing this guy. But, I will not go down without a fight.


'''
[Admiral's thoughts]'''

Maikaze is getting even better. Could it be that she is more inspired?  <br />Well, it's a given since she loved dancing. I wonder, if she really wanted to harrass me... or could it be...


'''
[Nowaki's thought]'''<br />I knew that Maikaze loves the Admiral. I am already in a bad position before the battle starts... Damn, how can I even tell these feelings?



The Pair's performance ended and they bow to the only audience in the area.

Hiro: Thank you... can I dance once more? Let's make it a bit different.

Maikaze: Different?

Hiro: I'll put my arms around you and you have to put your arms around me too... just like this.

The Admiral placed his arms around Maikaze and Maikaze hangs (kinda) around the Admiral.

Maikaze: I see... are you perhaps making a move on me?

Hiro: well... this is necessary in ballroom. I don't see any meaning on it...

Maikaze: Boo... Anyways, I am fine if you try to steer away from my advances...

Hiro: So those are advances?

Maikaze: Well... I can just storm into your room if I want to... Afterall, you are quite defenseless in your sleep.

Hiro: !!!

Maikaze: Nowa-cchi please hit the play button.



Nowaki pressed the play button and the two simply swayed to the tune of the sweet music emanated from the recorder. The two danced for an hour swaying left and right and looking at each other's face intently.

There was no talk between the two of them and their eyes do all the communication.



Nowaki who was sitting in the corner looked at the spectacle the two made. She was still the only audience in the cheesy atmosphere the two made.



Nowaki held her chest tightly as if she was in great pain... She looked at the floor and started holding the tears she was trying to hide.



[Nowaki's thoughts]<br />No fair... I want to do it too... I want to be your partner... Please, look at my way too...



The two ended dancing after the recorder stopped playing and the two bowed at the audience once more.

Hiro: Thanks for the great experience.

Maikaze: well thanks.

The Admiral crossed out one of the wishes in the list.

Maikaze: well Admiral... can I also ask for something. But you need to get close to me...

Hiro: ?

The Admiral stooped closer to Maikaze and Maikaze kissed him on his cheek.



Hiro: !!!

Maikaze: Admiral. Please look at me too... If you please...

Hiro: Maikaze...

Maikaze stepped back and she run towards to her room. Nowaki who was there the whole time excused herself and she went outside to follow Maikaze.



Hiro: Hmm... Looks like I can't stop Maikaze now... Sazanami, are you there?

Sazanami pops out from the window.



Sazanami: Master, Did you called?

Hiro: Yup. Anyways... were you actually listening to us all along? Your stealth technique is almost as close as Sendai's.

Sazanami: True. But I only made it here before that kiss. So I basically didn't know anything at all.

Hiro: I see... (I can confirm it anyways). Say, I know Nowaki was kinda on the edge.. Can you give me an insight?

Sazanami: I better not answer it for now. Afterall, a maiden's feelings are complicated for you.

Hiro: that's true. Why was it complicated?

Sazanami: it's something so... hmm...

Hiro: ?

Sazanami: let's say, it’s a bit tipped on the other side of the scale.

Hiro: really...

Sazanami: Say, can you allow that? Master, I really don't know if you are fine with that or against it?

Hiro: I don't know. For as long as no one aims at my life, I guess it's okay.

Sazanami: Well... We better go. Master, how was the progress?

Hiro: Well... 3 left.

Sazanami: Alright.

The two left the dance studio.


==Kumano's winter days.==

Kumano was looking at the window of her own room.

Kumano: Winter... My first time spending here alone...

Suzuya: Oh, me too... My first time spending here...

Kumano: well... I used to...

Suzuya: I know that already. Asides, the Admiral took you in.

Kumano: Yup...

Suzuya: Anyways, any wish for our secret Santa? (It's not a secret anyways.)

Kumano: Well...

Suzuya: The deadline is today at 4 in the afternoon. Better write something.

Kumano: I will...

Suzuya goes out and went to her duty.



Kumano: Hmm... a wish huh?

Kumano wrote in a piece of paper her wish for this Christmas.





A few hours after...

It was evening and all work has been finished and the preparation for the festivities is almost 100% complete. Kumano walked to the rooftop (which was rather cold at the moment) to see the snow falls.

Kumano: So cold... I wonder why the Admiral stays here when it's night time.

Then there was a response coming from her back.

Hiro: Because I can do it. So, what brings you here?

Kumano: Well... I am alone this year.

Hiro: I see... Say, can you accompany me today. Just leave the list there.

Kumano: Alright.

Kumano left her wish list and the two of them went to for a walk in the middle of the night.



Kumano: Hiro-sama, where are we going?

Hiro: well... I am going to the seaside to catch some sea breeze.

Kumano: I see... afterall, you always loved the sea.

Hiro: Not much, but I loved it because all of you are here with me.

Kumano: You and your flowery words...

Hiro: Well...

The two looked at the moon.

Hiro: The sure is beautiful... isn't that right?

Kumano: Yup... (Wait... what does he mean by that?)

Hiro: Well... say, how lonely are you today?

Kumano: Well... I am as lonely when my parents didn't praise me.

Hiro: ...

Kumano: Hiro-sama, may I ask something?

Hiro: What is it?

Kumano: Have you ever felt that there are many girls who are eyeing for your  <br />heart?

Hiro: I know that already... asides, I know that there might be someone who is  <br />out there and watching us as we speak.

Kumano: I see... By the way, do you mind if I rest at your side just this time?

Hiro: Why?

Kuamno: I just want to vent my stress away. Afterall, being the face of the base is a lot of work. I need to uphold my image.

Hiro: Well... you can.

The Admiral and Kumano sat at the sandy shore and then Kumano rested on the Admiral's shoulder.



Kumano: Hmm... Not bad. You are kinda gentle too...

Hiro: well... I am indeed gentle, but not to everyone.

Kumano: Hmm... I was starting to think that you have favorites too...

Hiro: well, I am human. That's it.

Kumano: You are also a semi-immortal, and also the guy who stole my heart.

Hiro: ...

Kumano: Anyways... Hiro-sama, take this...

Hiro: Hmm... A watch?

Kumano: Well... when you are not in the base... you need to look at the time and not rely too much on the sky... afterall, it can betray you from time to time.

Hiro: I see... Anyways... Did you know that this is my first time receiving a gift from someone?

Kumano: You mean!? Kino-nee didn't give you any?

Hiro: On the other hand, I always get chocolate... but not gifts. Because she was out of the country every Christmas.

Kumano: I see... (YES!!!)

Hiro: Thanks, I'll treasure it.

The Admiral took out his wish list and he crossed out the item no. 5



Kumano: !!

Hiro: Well, 2 more to go.

Kumano: what is that?

Hiro: My gift list. Sazanami made one for me.

Kumano: Well... Hiro-sama, why did Sazanami made one for you?

Hiro: Well...

Sazanami arrived at the scene.



Sazanami: Because his previous wish list is so absurd that there is no way he can complete it even if he has immortality.

Hiro: Sazanami!?

Sazanami: Master, the ... Oh wait. Now is not the time to say it. Anyways, when you two are done flirting; please return to the office. You still have work to do.

Hiro: Okay Ma'am...

Sazanami: Kumano-san, please don't take my man... He is mine.

Kumano: I don't know about that... He might fall for me...

Sazanami: Better dream more. I'm going back.

Sazanami left and she skips a bit as she returns to the office.



The two spent a bit of time in the seashore looking at the sea and the stars.

Hiro: Well...

Kumano: Hiro-sama, can you carry me back to my room?

Hiro: ...

Kumano: Please...!

Hiro: ...

Kumano: Oh well... whoa!!

The Admiral carried Kumano and he rushed towards her room and then before the  <br />Admiral left, Kumano went to his back and she embraced him as he leave.

Kumano: Thanks for being at my side...

Hiro: Well... You're welcome. I also liked it.

Kumano: Silly, Go and meet your princess already. She is waiting for you.

Hiro: Alright.

Kumano lets go of the Admiral and he left the room. Then, she lay herself in the bed and started getting giggly.

Kumano: (being the first one to give him a present!!! What a big surprise for me!!!)

Suzuya saw the happy Kumano and she started teasing her.


==A rather suprising end.==

Hiro: Say... why are we here again?

Yuugumo: Because I dictated it...

Hiro: No... Why are you doing this?

Yuugumo: I can't say no to my cute little sister. Am I?

Hiro: ...

Yuugumo: better leave you two now...

Yuugumo left the Admiral and his companion (or rather Yuugumo's sister) alone in the middle of nowhere.

Yuugumo: Ciao...

Yuugumo stride above the water.

Hiro: ...



The two are trapped in the middle of the sea whilst they are in a boat.

Hiro: Kazagumo...

Kazagumo: Admiral...

Hiro: Say, why do you do this?

Kazagumo: I requested Yuugumo-nee to make the two of us alone in an undisturbed location.

Hiro: I don't understand...

Kazagumo: It is payback time...

Hiro: oh no...

Kazagumo tries to move but the boat shakes.

Kazagumo: Whoa...

Kazagumo tried to stand up, but she fell towards the Admiral's direction, and the two are slightly closer than the usual distance they made

Hiro: ...

Kazagumo: ... (He is a bit close and I am getting embarrassed.)

Hiro: idiot... You are not wearing your gear. if you fell, I'll be responsible.

Kazagumo: Sorry.

Hiro: Move slowly, come to me... but please look back.

Kazagumo: Okay.

Kazagumo moved slowly and she placed herself near The Admiral. The Admiral is now facing Kazagumo's back.

Kazagumo: How can I talk to you?

Hiro: I don't need to talk back... But, I am curious.

Kazagumo: About what? Wha...!?



The Admiral holds and smelled Kazagumo's Hair

Hiro: so this is what turns me on... the Shampoo...

Kazagumo: Hawawawawawawawawa....

Hiro: Kazagumo: Why do you sound like Inazuma back there?

Kazagumo: You are smelling my hair! Admiral, Please ask me before smelling my hair... Hwaa...

The Admiral continued smelling Kazagumo's hair and then Kazagumo faced the  <br />Admiral who is teasing her.

Kazagumo: Admiral... How come you love teasing me? Why can't I tease you?

Hiro: Because if you try doing it... I am sure I'll be traumatized.

Kazagumo pouts as she tries to flail her arms to the admiral.



Hiro: Anyways, shall we head back?

Kazagumo: Okay.



The Admiral rowed the boat towards the shore to where Yuugumo was waiting for the two of them to reach the shore.

Yuugumo: so... did you...

Hiro: Nope... asides, the boat is shaky.

Kazagumo: sorry sis, I missed my chance.

Yuugumo: I see...



The two left the place...

The admiral took out his paper and crossed out his list and the ninth item was crossed out.

Hiro: That was close... anyways, since I completed the first 9, I guess the tenth one can make it.

Sazanami arrives glaring at the admiral.



Sazanami: ...

Hiro: Yikes... I feel like I did something wrong.

Sazanami: I see... so you love smelling that long hair...

Hiro: ...

Sazanami: Say, how you can convince... Hmm!?

The Admiral grabbed Sazanami's shoulder and he smelled Sazanami's hair as if he knows what she wanted.



Hiro: Hmm... I like this smell too...

Sazanami stomps the Admiral's foot in retaliation.



Sazanami: Idiot... Please do it when we are alone... and when we are inside.

Hiro: Sorry. Anyways...

The Admiral shows his completed list to Sazanami.

Sazanami: I see...



Sazanami scribbled something to last line of the list.

10. To spend my time with the one I loved the most.



Hiro: Silly you...

Sazanami: So, who are you going to spend you time with?

Hiro: Isn't that obvious? Of course it's you...

The Admiral pats Sazanami's head and then the two walked back to the office.



==Omake 1: Mamiya's request==

Hiro: well then, since it's the 24th already, I guess we can prepare for the great celebration for tomorrow.

Sazanami: Yes Master! By the way, How come you have too many appointments in the 24th?

Hiro: Because it's my way of saying thanks to the person who made it possible.

Sazanami: I don't get it. Aoba is there... so no need to thank her at all.

Hiro: oh... wait, it's not Aoba-sensei. It's someone bigger and more powerful.  <br />Anyways, I am going later.

Sazanami: Then allow me to become your escort.

Hiro: Are you sure? It's not the place where we can flirt at all...

Sazanami: It's fine. I am fine being with you.

Hiro: ...

Sazanami: By the way, Mamiya-san is staring at us.

Hiro: Oh... Mamiya-san, you rarely come at this place. Do you something to say?

Mamiya just stared at the lovers...

Sazanami: I think she is kinda...

Mamiya: Anyways... Admiral, can I ask you for a little favor?

Hiro: Favors?

Mamiya: Well... I needed 32 decoration items. And they are available in the maps... so can you get a lot for me ?

Hiro: Hmm... Mamiya-san, was this...

Mamiya: It's definitely not retaliation, Hiro-san... afterall, we've known each other for so long...

Sazanami: Really!?

Mamiya: Oh. I actually owe a lot from this guy who loves you like some kind of an idol. Anyways Hiro-san, please return my...

The Admiral covered Mamiya's mouth.

Hiro: (whispers) I think Sazanami will misunderstand you if you say anything like that.

Mamiya: I see...

Sazanami: Master, what are you two whispering about?

Mamiya: By the way, Sazanami... Please treat him well. Afterall... ufufufu...

Mamiya dash out of the office and the two were left dumbfounded.



Sazanami: I really don't get it at all... why does she looks so cheerful?

Hiro: ...

Sazanami: By the way, can you tell me how you two met? I am curious.

Hiro: It's a bit long for a story. Can you stay awake?

Sazanami: it's fine. I am used to sleepless nights.

Hiro: But it's still the day of 24th. Oh well. The Admiral shares his meeting with Mamiya.



Mamiya on the other had has remembered something about the past.

Mamiya: that guy... I wonder if he can remember a bit. Oh well... I guess he still remembers it afterall.

Mamiya took out the box that was placed on her pocket by the Admiral a while ago.

She opened the box and she find an earring inside of the little gift box.

Mamiya: Happy birthday to me... Happy birthday to me...♫

Mamiya returned to her station.




==Omake 2: A rather crazy stuff...==

The Admiral is getting ready for his appointment

Hiro: I wonder if sis is awake now...

Sazanami enters the room wearing her civilian clothes.

Sazanami: Master, I am going with you. Can I?

Hiro: Okay. by the way, where did you get those clothes?

Sazanami: I asked Nagato-san to make one...

Hiro: I see... It surely looks definitely great for you.

Sazanami: thanks. By the way, Samidare is joining us.

Hiro: I see...

Sazanami: I see Suzukaze is getting dressed up, Kumano-san and Kinugasa-san  <br />too...

Hiro: Sounds like everyone has something to do tonight.

Sazanami: Well...



A few minutes after, the Admiral went out to see everyone standing outside waiting for him.

Hiro: ...

Sazanami: we all decided to go with you. We will all go to the church mass with you.

Hiro: I see... so that's why everyone is busy clearing everything.

Samidare: Of course, we all wanted to be with you.

All: Please take care of us!!!

Hiro: Well... We might make big news. But anyways, Thanks for coming with me.



The Admiral smiled after seeing them all wait for him. Then, he and the rest of the gang walked towards their destination..., the church.


==Omake 3: A Christmas night for the two...==

The mass has ended and everyone went to their own respective rooms. The Admiral and Sazanami are spending the night in the rooftop wearing their winter clothes and they are currently holding their hands.

Hiro: Well, a few minutes to go before the day changes. Are you still fine?

Sazanami: yup... but you sure like holding my hand... I like it too...

Hiro: Well... It's the time of the year and It's my first time spending it with the most important person to me... So Sazanami... can you sign this wish list and make it complete?

Sazanami: okay Master.

The Admiral took out the paper containing his revised wish list and Sazanami signed the last number. The Admiral then rips the paper and then the two giggled as they see the pieces of paper fell to the ground.

Sazanami: That was fast.

Hiro: Because I want to make sure you will be happy sooner than later.

Sazanami: idiot...

Hiro: Anyways, Are you free?

Sazanami: I do.

Hiro: Well then, I guess we can do it tonight,

Sazanami: Really!?

Hiro: Well...

Sazanami: You better do it, Master. I'm yours forever...

The two drew themselves closer and they looked at each other's eyes... as the two look at one another, they felt something is bound to happen. Then as they try to unleashed their hidden desires someone came to mess the fun.



Kazagumo: How unfair!!!

Samidare: Admiral, please Kiss me...

Kinugasa: (pouts)

Kumano: Hiro-sama, why are you giving it to her?

Hiro: ...

Sazanami: Oh well...



The rest of the gang decided to stick close to the admiral and they all spend the eve of Christmas in the rooftop.

- end.
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]