<p style="text-align: center;">And thus while unsuccessful, I barely made it to the heaven's door.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">Teruzuki's smile is not there in sight.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">Her warmth is something that I'll never experience.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">Her voice that I will never hear.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I the Admiral who have failed in securing her.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I shall face Nighmares of my own failure,</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I shall face the truth that I fail to rescue a beautiful girl,</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">and I shall face the reality that her reappearance is something that I can wait.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">But what's done is done. The die has cast and its the end of line.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I saw my fleet getting hurt badly. I saw their faces when they can't brought the boss down.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I saw their tears that pains me each time They failed. I saw the gloom when I decided to quit saving her.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;"></p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I will never forget her.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">Because I have failed once more.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I have failed to save a beautiful girl</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I have failed to protect the smile</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">And Failed to win despite the hardwork I poured.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;"></p>

<p style="text-align: center;">Oh E-7. Why did you exist?</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">Why did you torture our mortal souls?</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">Why did you mock at our own helplessness?</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">Why did you make my girls cry?</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">E-7, I hate you to the core. I'll never forget you.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I'll never forgive the map that bullied my girls.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I'll swear, That If I got a chance to win her back. I'll definitely win her.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">And Then, I'll win her heart so that she will not be mad.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">Mad from being delayed and late in saving her.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;"></p>

<p style="text-align: center;">Teruzuki, You are the reason I kept moving on.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">But now that it's finished and I haven't got you... I'll forever be haunted.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">Haunted by the misses and the failed attempts.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">Haunted by the tears and blood we all wasted to clear the map.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">Haunted by the voice of the one who is claiming your soul.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;"></p>

<p style="text-align: center;">And now, I'll move on.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I'll become stronger.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">Stronger for me to get back and take you away.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">Strong enough to protect everyone's smile.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;"></p>

<p style="text-align: center;">And so, my journey has begun once more.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">And I learned my lesson in the hardest way possible.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">But hey, That's how I learn in life.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">and now, I'll imprint it to my heart so that I'll never forget</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">On the things that I should have done.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;"></p>

<p style="text-align: center;">So I will say this.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">I win, I lose and I will have my revenge.</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">~Arx</p>
[[Category:Blog posts]]