- I was just a young guy.

- One day monsters known as Abyssals have came out of the sea and threaten the sea and slowly moving closer to land.

- Many people had died back then.

- some of them are people I knew, some of them People I have involved in and many of them are people who are not related to me (unless they will in the future, but they died anyways).

- Then one day the Army and Navy is recruiting people who can fight these monsters.

- I knew that they are hard to beat. For news showed how the abyssals single-handedly defeated modern ships, weapons, planes even Nuclear weapons. Beating the unknown was impossible.

- But, I had no one left. It's like I'm asking for a death wish. So I, along with many poor and hungry souls that wanted revenge join and train to be strong... or so they say.

-

-

-

- In the end I failed, I didn't get chosen to the people to be sent into the front lines.

- I'm weak, my drive and will is weak. It felt like the end is inside of me.

-

- [moments of despair]

-

- One day, I saw an isolated building. Many people said that there are 'monsters' living inside.

- I take a look and see what's inside... I was shocked. Because there's no way that these 'girls' are 'monsters'.

-

-

- I rushed there and open the locked door. And for the first time, I saw hope.

- Because I was save by them... for whatever worse days I have... They have it even worst.

- They are treated as lab rats, but was disregarded because they are emotional and likely to betray them... Thus labeling them as 'monsters'.

-

-

- I pleaded and convinced the Army and Navy's Dark side to let me handle them all and possibly, let them fight the abyssals in my stead.

-

- of course that didn't end well..

-

-

- But, 10 days later. I was saved by that young girl's smile.

- She was crying over there.

- crying on the other side of the gate. She is currently...

-

-

- [BLACK SCENE]

-

- I saved that young girl and that smile of her's shall never disappear from my memory until the day I died.

- She was happy, I was relieved, but I was a bit late. Only five of them remains.

-

- I despaired the fact that only five of them left.

- I despaired the fact that this is the results of my efforts.

- I despaired the fact that I can only save as few as five of them.

-

-

- [cries]

- The girl spoken to me in a nice tone.

- "Don't worry, We're sure that we will see them again, after all they are all here with us."

- I cried. And that day, only in that day that I cried until my eyes can't cry anymore.

-

- [few days later]

-

- I got their permission to let them fight, on a condition that the'll be sent to the base near to an abyssal sightings and fight whatever opponents may come our way.

- Me, along with the five girls... we sailed and swiftly left that scourge and went to our base. Our 'home'.

-

-

-

-

- We are happy at our home, We had fight to our deaths, eat to our fullest, have fun to our fullest, and lastly live to our fullest.

- while there's still danger lurking around here. I can say it's peaceful. I felt at ease.

- At first, I was worried if we could survive everything on our own but luckily, we managed to scrape by day by day.

-

- The one I saved...

- She is here, Happy and Energetic... But she is a bit clumsy but she is a hard worker.

- I'll probably never gonna see them all even if I pass on.

- But hey, I realized that her smile. It was the one thing that I will treasure.

-

-

- I'm forever grateful to her smile and that smile saved my wounded and dying soul.

-

-

- So my wish is... Please continue supporting me even if I am this unreliable, lazy and a dense person like me.

- ['His' story end]

-

- To be Continued

-

- ADMIRALITY

- SALVATION

- RAIN
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]