==Part 3: Ending Credits==
A week has passed after Haruhiko and Mikazuki had talked to one another, each time they are at work, both of them are quiet and they don't speak at one another at all. Haruhiko is now finished doing the program and he is now doing the test run of it that will last for 5 days straight.

Mikazuki on the other hand did her job as a helper, she did all the meals, laundries and even cleaning the room. Mikazuki occasionally looks at Haruhiko's work, but she immediately looks away once Haruhiko noticed her.

There was a weird awkward air that surrounds the two and Sazanami who frequently visits the workplace even felt that the awkwardness between the two is so high, it suffocates her.

Everything is awkward until the final week of Haruhiko in the naval base.

|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Haruhiko woke up early after sleeping for 6 hours straight after running the program, so far the program runs smooth and it runs in accordance to his expected values.

He stood up and fixes himself and went to the makeshift kitchen to cook some meals for himself. Officially, he have relieved Mikazuki from her duties starting today so he has to do all the work all by himself.

After doing his breakfast, Haruhiko carried the plates and puts it into the make-shift sink and there he washed it. He also brushed his teeth after doing the dishes.

Haruhiko turns on the PC and see that the program is still running smoothly. Then, he let the program running and decides to change his clothes and do some sightseeing.



Before he can do that, he visited the Admiral's office to where Kirito is busy talking to someone over the phone.

Haruhiko sits to the available chair and then, Kirito's secretary (Choukai) offered him some tea.

A few minutes after, Haruhiko asked the Admiral who was done talking to someone over the phone Kirito if he can walk around the base.

"Alright, just don’t go to the docks. Everyone will kill you if you do that." Kirito Jokingly replied to Haruhiko as he tries to lighten up the mood.

"Kirito, I remembered one time that you initiated the mass peeking..."

Kirito covered Haruhiko's mouth as he tries to look himself good to Choukai.

Haruhiko notices that Choukai was a gloomier than she was a few days prior.

"Kirito, why is your girl sad?" Haruhiko asks Kirito.

"Well... She is reminded of her friend who is going to be away." Kirito answers as he tries to be vague.

"I see... Kirito, cheer her up. I feel compelled to do the cheering part, but I believe you are the best person to that."

"Alright Haru, was that one of your family's noble acts?"

"Nah. I am a gentleman, so comforting a sad lady is within my duties. Anyways, I gotta go."

Haruhiko raises his hand and exits the Admiral's office and left the two on their own devices.

|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As Haruhiko cross the long corridor towards outside, he was greeted by a rather cheerful girl in pink hair who loves pranks and schemes. She walks besides him and she didn't utter a word to him due to her reserved at this point.

"Sazanami, this is pretty rare from you." Haruhiko asks Sazanami

"Ah, so it's your last week here already. Anyways, how is your work?" Sazanami answers and asks Haruhiko about his work.

"Oh. It’s almost finish. Technically, I am done. But I am running an endurance test so that I can make sure that it's working to a degree that nothing is sacrificed in the process."

"I see. Young Master, is there something wrong? You haven't smiled at all since last week."

"Oh. I am actually feeling something is amiss, Mikazuki didn't communicate at all and I can't seem to talk to her since she is always gone when I want to talk to her."

"I see... Anyways, can you forget about what I did last week? I am a bit feeling guilty on what I did to you."

"Nah. I don't mind. Asides, I know that you have something else in your mind that burdens you. You just used me as your vent out your stress. Sazanami… care to have a talk with me when we reached Mamiya?"

"Alright."

The two walked together towards the familiar place.



|---|

Sazanami and Haruhiko were on a full Q and A portion in the mess hall to where all ship-girls are looking over the two people and make gossip to one another.

"Is that true, Sazanami-san is dating the genius Hacker guy?"

"Really? I thought she was a bit stuck to her old Admiral just like Mikazuki-san. But I guess this is good news for her,"

"I wonder, the guy reminds me of someone we all know."

The rest of the gossipers nodded as they all thought to where they have found the picture containing the same face as Haruhiko.



The rest of gossipers continued looking at the two friends when Mikazuki enters the mess hall and saw Haruhiko and Sazanami talking to one another.

"Mikazuki-chan!! We reserve you a place here!" Fumizuki waves her hand towards Mikazuki who was looking at the two.

After that, Mikazuki immediately went to her saved seating and started to eat with her sisters.

"The Commander's friend sure is a nice guy; I heard that he is a true gentleman." Kisaragi jokingly says some things to Mikazuki.

"He is not that nice, but... He is serious to his work and dedicated to finish it. He never forgets to check everything before he makes sure that everything is alright." Mikazuki replied.

"Oh. so you know him this much after being sent there to serve him. How I wish I was that lucky girl." Kisaragi teases Mikazuki more.

"Whatever. Anyways, they sure are getting the attraction of us all." Mikazuki replied.

"Hmm... Mikazuki-chan, are you perhaps mad at him? You don't seem to be in the good mood ever since last week. Is there something you are bothered you with?" Fumizuki asks Mikazuki.

"Nothing is wrong. But I felt that he is..."

"Too kind? Choukai enters the conversation along with her Admiral.

"Can we sit beside you girls?" Kirito asks.

"Of course, you are free to join us commander." Kisaragi replied and she put her arms around Kirito

Choukai immediately removed Kisaragi's arms and she safeguarded the Admiral from Kisaragi.

Mikazuki frowns to see Choukai and she decided to stand up.

"I am not feeling good, I better take my leave."

"Mikazuki-chan? Where are you going?" Fumizuki asked the mad Mikazuki

"Not telling. Better leave me alone for now." Mikazuki replies

Mikazuki left the table and left the mess hall as she avoids the glances of Haruhiko and Sazanami which were aimed at her.



After Mikazuki left, Choukai felt that she needed to do something so she decided to say a big secret to Fumizuki and Kisaragi.

"Fumizuki-chan, Kisaragi-san; Can you keep this secret from leaking out?"

"What secret? Was this regarding Mikazuki-chan?" Fumizuki replied.

"I see. By the way, it’s not normal for you to ask a favor from us, what is that secret?" Kisaragi replied.

"You see... Mikazuki decided to leave us soon. She only has until 5 days until her dismissal"

"Wha!" the two immediately covered their mouths as they realized that it's a big secret.

"Mikazuki is going to get scrapped soon. She had given me her consent now and she wants to join her old commander." Kirito added Choukai's statement.

"I see. So she decided already, Such a shame." Kisaragi replied.

"Honestly, I feel sad. This past week, Mikazuki is smiling and now she is going somewhere we can't go. I feel that something is amiss." Fumizuki also replied.

"Yeah. I guess Haruhiko-sama triggered something inside of Mikazuki-san's bad memories." Choukai replied.

"I see. Anyways, what was her general consensus when she is with Haruhiko?" Kisaragi asked.

"The first two weeks, they are in harmony, then this week, they are all quiet as if they are avoiding one another. or rather, Haru is awkward in dealing the avoiding Mikazuki." Kirito answers

"Sigh, I thought that Mikazuki-chan has finally moved on. But she was still chained to that past."

"Yeah. And I can't stop her now. I really hate this situation we are in as of the moment."

"Hmm... I should better ask the man in question. Fumizuki, restrain Sazanami-san."

"ueh!?"

The two looked to the direction of where the Admiral's friend were talking a while ago, but Kisaragi saw that Sazanami is the only one left eating and the guy in question has left.

Kisaragi went and confront with Sazanami who was eating her share of Mamiya.

"Sazanami-san, where is the Commander's friend right now?" Kisaragi asks

"Oh the young master, he immediately followed Mikazuki after she left the room." Sazanami answers.

"I see... by the way, you seem a bit happy. What is the reason?"

"Oh yeah, he rejected me and my feelings. After all, he already found his love."

"I see. Who was it?"

"He is hopelessly in-love with our resident emo girl, Mikazuki-san."

the two sighed at that moment.

|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Haruhiko chases Mikazuki towards the rooftop. Mikazuki tries to avoid the chasing Haruhiko, but she can't shake him off.

Mikazuki then looks back and talk to him for the first time since last week.

"what do you want? I am not serving you starting today!"

"I know that. But I am here to ask you if you want to go on a date with me. Will you allow me?"

"No. I cannot?"

"Why are you so hard to convince, could it be that when we go on a date, your mind might change?"

"Wha... That is not possible. I am just sparing you and your wasted efforts."

"I see. So you are afraid..."

"Whatever. To prove that I am not afraid..., I will go to the date you are saying."

"I see. Then be ready. I am going to take you home."

"Hmph."

"Mikazuki, can I hold your hand? The place we will go needs us to hold our hands."

"Alright, If you insist then…"

Mikazuki reached out her hand towards the Haruhiko's hand and Haruhiko grabbed it and they went towards that destination.



Somewhere far from the naval base, there is a small ramen stand that sells Cheap Delicious Ramen for couples.

"Ramen... so this was the surprise. sigh*" Mikazuki felt a bit disappointed as they reach that secret place.

"Oh. Nice to see you young man! A man wearing a face mask greeted Haruhiko. "By the way, is she your girlfriend?"

"Ah sorry, she is not my girlfriend. But, I plan on making her my girlfriend." Haruhiko replied

"That’s the spirit. Miss Ship-girl, what do you see on him?"

"He is annoying, he always calls me when he needs something, he sure is helpless without me. I bet he can't even live without me on his side. What an annoying guy indeed." Mikazuki replies.

"So young miss, are you saying that you will stay on his side then?" The noodle stand owner replies.

Mikazuki blushes after being asked by that question and she tries to run away from the scene. But, Haruhiko who was holding her hand; didn't let og of Mikazuki's hand.

"Anyways, since you two are pseudo-couples, I can make a special ramen for you two and some ice cream. Don’t worry, It's free." the man in the ramen stand answers.

"Really?" Haruhiko replied.

"Well then, just enjoy my performance." the store owner replied.



Mikazuki and Haruhiko sat in the chairs provided and then they watched how the owner of the noodle stand makes his moves as he tries to showcase his skill in making the ramen. out odf nowhere, two girls helped him and they immediately mixed the broth and the do the meat.

A few minutes after, the ramen is done and the owner of the stand delivers it to the pseudo-couple.

"Here you go. Eat it while it's hot."

"Thanks."

"Don’t sweat it. It's rare to see young couple here anyways. Hahahah!"

As Mikazuki eats the bowl of Ramen, she realized that something is weird with the setting.

"By the way, this is still within the Naval base's jurisdiction, who the hell are you?" Mikazuki asks the ramen stand owner.

"I am just a passing by ramen stand owner that happened to open here since 3 weeks ago." The owner replied.

"Suspicious. But, your Ramen is indeed delicious. It’s 5 time better than what we eat in the cafeteria. And it's even tastier than Mamiya-san's Ramen. Who the hell are you? and why are you better than Mamiya-san? Also, how did you know I am a ship-girl. I just saw you for the first time and yet you managed to know what I am?" Mikazuki furiously asks

"Tsk, tsk. It's a coincidence lady. Asides, if we are in a military installation near the sea, I can immediately think it's a ship-girl." The Ramen stand owner replied

"Really? So this is the norm outside. I see..." Mikazuki contemplates.

"Any doubts?" the owner asked

"None. But honestly, your cooking method is so similar to Haruhiko-san, I find this a bit outrageous."

"So the young guy can cook. It's indeed nice. Anyways, I can tell if you are sincere or not, but don't worry..."

The owner moves closer and whispers something to Mikazuki's ear.

"The guy you are with is the perfect guy for you. But I'll be damned if you let him go because you are in some sort of a predicament."

The owner moves back and he winked at the couple who was eating ramen.

|---|

"That guy sure is mysterious. I just found him yesterday and he told me that there is a discount to lovers." Haruhiko explains as the two walked back towards the naval base.

"I see... by the way, I feel that you and that guy have the same aura... is he perhaps..."

"Nah, he can't be the old man. He is too flippant if he did that. Asides, where could have he hide if he is indeed here?"

"True."

The two somehow managed to communicate properly due to what happen that time.

|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

4 days has passed and the two has gone to several places and somehow they always went to the same ramen stand day by day eating free ramen for couples. At first, Mikazuki is still wary of the owner, but then the few days after, she is okay talking with him. The two seemed to grow closer day by day that she forgotten that her time will come soon.

Then, that day arrives faster that she has realized.

Haruhiko has packed his bags and he has also readies himself to know Mikazuki's answer.

On the other hand, Mikazuki's readies herself to escort Haruhiko out of the naval base.

The escort duty was done easily since Mikazuki is comfortable talking to Haruhiko and He didn't mind if Mikazuki badmouths him from time to time. When they reach the end zone, Haruhiko then asked Mikazuki for an answer.

"Mikazuki, I am now going to leave. So, I have one more question to ask before I leave. So Mikazuki, are you coming out with me? Have you decided to be mine?" Haruhiko asked Mikazuki

"I am sorry. But I can't despite what we did for the past 5 days. But, I am sure that I have fun being with you. However... that alone can't change the feelings I have for my precious commander." Mikazuki bows as she rejects Haruhiko's proposition.

"I see... Oh well. Thanks for the answer Mikazuki. Well then, until I see you again!"

"Well then. It's a goodbye then."

"Yeah. I guess so. Goodbye Mikazuki."

"Take care and find someone better after I'm gone..."

Mikazuki left after she escorted Haruhiko to the gate.

"Gone...?"

Haruhiko didn't realize that this is the last time that he will ever see Mikazuki.

|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Mikazuki cries as she returned to the naval base. She cried all day out after realizing that everything is over.

"I see... so I also like him..." Mikazuki murmurs to herself as she tries to stop the tears that fell from her eyes.

Then soon, Kirito arrived along with Choukai who was about to cry and they ask Mikazuki once more if she wants to be scrapped.

"Mikazuki, I am feeling guilty for doing this, but are you really sure that you need to go now?" Kirito tries to hide his anxiety as he asks Mikazuki one more time.

"Yes. I decided on it a week ago. But these few days; I realized that Haru-sama is trying his best to win me over, but he didn't managed so I have to go and see him now." Mikazuki stood up and she wipes her tears away.

"Are you sure? I didn't tell Haru about that." Kirito asked

"I am sure. Sorry for worrying for me. I know you two did a great job. Choukai-san. please be stronger by then, the Commander needs your strength by then."

"I will. But, I want you to stay," Choukai answers.

"Nope. Not this time. It's time for me to meet him. Oh, I guess I can finally go there without regrets. So Commander, I am ready. Let's do it."

"Alright. Nice meeting you and until we meet again!" Kirito responded with a hurting smile on his face.

"It's a goodbye, commander."

Mikazuki along with the Admiral and Choukai, went to the factory room, and there destiny has taken it's course towards the two.

|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Epilogue

A month after Haruhiko left the naval base; a mail arrived at the Haruhiko's home.

Haruhiko immediately opens the letter and read the contents of it.

"Hi Young Master, how has it been? Are you still fine? Good. By the way I have a bad news to tell you."

Haruhiko noticed that there are stains of teardrops in the paper and he carefully unfolds the whole letter itself.

"You know Mikazuki-san who you used to woo and make fun with? She was dismissed and her equipments were scrapped after you left. She left the naval base and she disappears into somewhere we don't know. Honestly, we have no contact of her up to this point."

Haruhiko dropped the letter as he read the bad news which was written in the letter he dropped.

Out of nowhere, tears came out from Haruhiko's eyes as he tries to stop them from flowing, but He himself can't hide the pain he is hiding at that moment.

That instant, Haruhiko stayed inside of his room for a week before he was dragged out by his parents.



A few weeks has passed after he was dragged out, he was sent on a trip towards a naval base since His father mentioned that he can start a new life somewhere else and then he arrived on the naval base to which he will start his life all over again.

"This place sure looks different from the Kirito's lair, but I guess starting things in the smallest way possible is also fine." Haruhiko murmured to himself as he alighted from the service vehicle.

the driver gave Haruhiko a letter which contains the formal letter that says that he is an admiral up to this day.

"By the way kiddo, This naval base is old but has good facilities. I heard that It used to be one of base of operations of the infamous 'Raven' which made a name in many things." the Driver of the service vehicle made a comment.

"The Raven... I have heard that name from one of my friends..." Haruhiko replied.

"By the way, there was young girl that serves as the caretaker of that base, you just need to meet her and present that letter so that you can take control."

"Thanks, by the way... you seem to be knowledgeable on things?"

"Believe it or not, I have seen how the Raven operates 80 years ago. He sure likes to put on a performance."

"Hmm... Performance indeed..."

"Anyways, take care; your dad is such a good person to send you here in the safest waters around the continent."

"I doubt it. He said that I need some breath of sea breeze."

"Funny one. Anyways, have a good day ahead."

The service vehicle left the area and Haruhiko is left alone with his travelling bag on his back and a attaché case on his left hand. Haruhiko proceed towards the large naval base.

He arrived at the door and makes a knocking sound to it. There was no response after 3 minutes. Haruhiko immediately uses the key he got from HQ and he immediately opens the door only to find a dusty hallway.

"Ah... This is a mess. The driver did said that there is a caretaker here... but where is that?"

Haruhiko immediately walks towards the closed Admiral's office and uses the same key to open it only to find a very clean and tidy office which is the opposite of the condition of the hallway.



Haruhiko enters and there he saw 3 empty boxes placed on the floor. he immediately removes the boxes and he took out his futon and lay it in the open.

A few minutes after, footsteps were heard that came from the corridor and it immediately went to the office. Then the footsteps stopped and there Haruhiko saw a ghost that he thought he will never see in his life time.

"What the heck... I told the movers that do not leave the door open or I might get scolded by my new commander... eh..." The young girl with long black hair enters the room.

"What the... Mikazuki?" Haruhiko immediately utters the name he hasn’t said for the past few months.

"Haru... I mean Commander, You are already here!" Mikazuki stutters as she called the commander using his real name.

"Wait. Is that you? How come you are here? I thought you have gone away?"

"Ah, I let the cat out immediately. Anyways, this is rather strange that the two of meet one another in a different location. So, are you al... Huh!?"

Mikazuki was embraced tightly by Haruhiko and Haruhiko embraces her more.

"I thought I will never see you again... I was going to look for you, but Sazanami's letter came a month after I left and there I saw that you left the base. Where the heck did you go?"

"About that... I did visit the grave of my old commander, and then... I have committed suicide."

"Suicide?"

"But, no matter how much I try to kill myself, I can't kill myself. So I tried to drown myself, I only find myself being saved by some unknown person who just happens to pass there."

"Seriously, anyways, so why are you here?"

"The person who saved me told me that it's pointless to die alone and it will not bring hapiness to those who were left behind. He then recommended me to stay here and he said that someone will go here and he will take care of you."

"That person sure can see the future... or could it be!?"

"By the way, he has the same aura as the guy we met in the noodle stand, his voice is somewhat different but there is no denying that he and that ramen stand owner is the same person."

"Hmm, Looks like someone premeditate this meeting of ours. But, I am glad that you are still alive. And this time... I will win you over."

"Haru-sama, Please don't be too confident. I am just paying my debt to the guy who saved me."

"But, starting today, I will not allow you to leave me ever again. For I am the commander of this Naval Base and you are my secretary Ship-girl!"

Mikazuki felt the pressure emanating from Haruhiko as he asserts his rank.

"I guess I have no choice but to follow you." Mikazuki answers

"Well then, our first duty together is... Let's clean this whole base. It's full of dust."

"Alright Commander." Mikazuki answers

The two didn't waste time and they started cleaning the whole naval base.

A few months from now, the two will finally find themselves falling for one another and Mikazuki finally moves on with her previous lover for she has let Haruhiko enter her heart. Haruhiko on the other hand did his best to become the best Admiral in the district.

Their story is still far from their desired ending, but the two will reach it no matter how long their journey could be.

- End.
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]