'''''Un-numbered Chapters (Short stories that didn't make it to the cut)'''''

This serves as a small-updates page of the things that happened after the Random Shenanigans but It's considered too few to be called a post or too late to be added up to the official post.

==Situation Delta==


Two weeks before the said spring campaign. The Admiral and Sazanami are making a slow progress on things.

Hiro: Sazanami, How are the things working?

Sazanami: Master, Our Fuel hit the 40 thousand resources threshold. Looks like our Ammo will reach there soon.

Hiro: Good to hear. Anyways, how is our training regime?

Sazanami: it's currently on hold to give way to resource gathering. Master, is this fine for you?

Hiro: Honestly, I am not fine with it. But, there is nothing we can do on this situation. Has Ooshio got her Second Remodel as of today?

Sazanami: Yes Master, She said that she is happy to be of use to you.

Hiro: I see. Well, please notify Abukuma that she will have to carry... oh wait. she is full already.

Sazanami: This is quite troubling.

Hiro: Well, Satsuki is not yet a Second remodel, Mutsuki is not a second remodel too... Kisaragi, she should stay with Sendai's fleet. And I need to fully modernize Ooshio before releasing her to the wild.

Sazanami: Quite an ordeal we have. Anyways Master, do you need to purchase a port expansion once more?

Hiro: Yup. Oh well... time to waste money.

Sazanami: Noted. Well then, do we have any more troubles?

Hiro: None.

Sazanami: Well then Master, let's go and eat our lunch.

Hiro: Alright.

The two went to the mess hall to eat lunch.


==Tone Kai Ni==

In the Heavy Cruisers Dorm, Tone was busy preparing her things.

Tone: Hmm... Today is the promised day

Chikuma: What is it Tone-neesan?

Tone: Today is the day that I will get my Second Remodel.

Chikuma: Oh my. Congratulations to you Tone-neesan.

Tone: Heheh, Looks like it's our time to support the Admiral too.

Chikuma: By the way Nee-san, Have you thought about this, why the commander did leveled us only now?

Tone: Indeed. But it can't be helped. The Admiral once is a person who don't believe in our strength, But due to some divine intervention (Due to the help of Choukai), he also recognize our power.

Chikuma: I see... so he is also disillusioned to the fact that Heavy Cruisers were weak in combat.

Tone: Well at least, he is making it up to us.



Then there is a knock on the door.

Tone: I am coming. Chikuma, I'll go there to get my new transformation.

Chikuma: Take care, Tone-neesan.

Tone: You can count on me!

Tone opens the door and there the Admiral is standing along with Sazanami who was holding a piece of paper. Tone exits the room and she closes the door from the outside.



Hiro: Tone, how are you feeling right now?

Tone: I guess I am feeling too excited on this one.

Hiro: Well, it's good then. Sazanami, have you prepared the documents already?

Sazanami: Yes Master, I did it already before we went here.

Hiro: Good. Well then Tone, from this day on; You will become an aviation cruiser!

Tone: Sounds nice. Let's do it then!!!



The three went towards the front door of the factory. As the three reached there, Tone felt that after her remodel, a lot of new possibilities that would open after this.

Tone: Say Admiral, after I went inside and get my remodel, are you perhaps...

Hiro: Yup. So please do your best from now on.

Tone: Thanks Admiral.

Tone runs toward the front door and she enters the factory to get her second remodel done.



Sazanami: Wow Master, you seem to have gotten a bit better in dealing others.

Hiro: Well..., compared to Mikuma; she is easier to deal with.

Sazanami: say, what is your deal with Mikuma-san?

Hiro: Well, she said that If I give Mogami a ring, I should give one to her too...

Sazanami: Hmm... This is quite troubling. By the way Master, are you planning on giving Mogami-san the ring?

Hiro: I don't think I have to marry her at this point of time.

Sazanami: I see... anyways, what is taking her too long?

Hiro: Well, knowing Tone, she would try her hardest just to see how does she looks in a mirror.

Sazanami: I hope she doesn’t freak out by the dress' slit.

Hiro: I don't think she minds that...



A few minutes after, Tone went out and she is currently covering the slit of her skirt.

Sazanami: See...

Hiro: Strange... Tone, are you perhaps, shy to bare your skin?

Tone: I am... wait, why am I even shy to show my skin? Someone like me has no right to be shy at all.

Hiro: Hmm...

Sazanami: Tone-san... Can I talk to you for a bit?



Sazanami whispers something on Tone's ear, then after Sazanami delivers her question, Tone's cheek blushed and then she whisper the answer on Sazanami's ear.

Sazanami: I see... Master, you can go back to the office now.

Hiro: Okay. (I wonder what are they talking about, and not to mention Tone blushed for the first time... Oh well.)

The Admiral turns his back and he started walking back to his office.



A few minutes passed and the Admiral's shadow has vanished, Sazanami looked at Tone once more.

Sazanami: ...

Tone: ...

Sazanami: Tone-san, I suppose that what you said a while ago is accurate right?

Tone nods in agreement.

Sazanami: I see... well then, you can go back to your room. Don't worry, I won't tell Master on what we spoke a while ago.

Tone: I see. Thanks Sazanami-chan. You really are a reliable girl. I pray that the Admiral gives you the ring.

Sazanami: You are welcome. Anyways, he will give it to me anyways, so no need to pray for that.

Tone: Ok.

Sazanami: Anyways, just stay away from the windy parts. Everything will be fine.

Tone: I will...

Tone walked slowly towards to the cruisers dorm



Later that day, there were rumors spreading that Tone is not wearing anything underneath after she went for her second remodel.



==Ooshio Kai Ni==

Ooshio: Arare-chan, I really wonder why I was put on the priority list after the Commander has learned about my second remodel?

Arare: Because you can carry a Daihatsu Landing Craft. Which is something we needed for the expedition teams?

Ooshio: I see... I thought it was something romantic or something poetic like fulfilling a promise.

Arare: If It's fulfilling a promise, he should have leveled me instead and not you. If it's something romantic..., you know who would get the spotlight.

Ooshio: Yeah. But I wonder why did he choose me then?

Arare: Hmm...



Then there is an answer from behind.

xxx: Isn't that obvious. I plan on getting all of you. That is why I did level you too.

Arare: Oh. I see. Onii-, I mean Admiral, so you really plan on leveling me too?

Hiro: Yup. Ooshio, It is indeed true that I level you for practical reasons, but war situations are always changing. That is why we need more power to fend off the enemies. And you fall into that category.

Ooshio: I see... It's nowhere near as romantic nor poetic enough of a reason, but I believe in it. The Commander's words are true and unblemished.

Hiro: Well then, the only problem I had is that I need a Blueprint remodel you, but since I have one anyways, I have to put it into good use. Ooshio, it's now time to get your second remodel.

Ooshio: I see. Arare-chan, I will go and get myself remodeled.

Arare: Take care then. Onii-chan, please take care of her too.

Hiro: I will...



Ooshio and The Admiral went towards the Factory and and Arare started to take her long awaited rest.




==Heart to heart with Samidare.==

Samidare and Kawakaze are in the rooftop and looking at the sunset.

Kawakaze: (This is bad; could it be that Samidare-aneki is mad since I got the second remodel?) Umm...

Samidare: Congratulations Kawakaze-chan on getting your second remodel!!!

Kawakaze: eh... wait a minute, you are not angry or mad at me right?

Samidare: Nope. Not at all... after all, I am proud that my younger sister is getting a second remodel.

Kawakaze: I see... Thanks Aneki. By the way, how is your training faring?

Samidare: Well, for now, Sazanami and I were slightly close in attaining our goal. we just need to get our acts straight and let the Admiral level us more than the usual.

Kawakaze: I see, Good luck on your Provisional marriage.

Samidare: Yup. I will do my best to get there.

Kawakaze: That's the spirit. Anyways, I have to go. Umikaze might be complaining already.

Samidare: Take care.



Kawakaze exits the rooftop. Soon after, Samidare's tears fall from her eyes.

Samidare: (ah. I am envious and jealous of Kawakaze. I can't say it in front of her at all. I am such a good girl, so good that I can't even be selfish for myself. I wonder if the Admiral will not marry me after he hears that news.)

Samidare's tears didn't stop on falling down. As she looks up, she saw 2 figures standing in front of her. It is Suzukaze and the Admiral.

Suzukaze: Aoi-chan...

Hiro: We are here to talk with you, If you mind?

Samidare: Alright.

Before Samidare wipes her tears away, the Admiral offered her a hankerchief and Samidare accepted it and she used it in wiping her tears away.

Hiro: Suzu, please be our witness tonight. Is that fine with you?

Suzukaze: Yup. After all, I am a part of Samidare and the Admiral after all.

Hiro: Sorry to burden you a bit with our troubles.

Suzukaze nods and she sat on Samidare's left side. The Admiral sits on Samidare's right side and he held Samidare's hand.

Hiro: So can I know the reason of your tears?

Samidare: It's nothing...

Hiro: Liar... It's related with the remodels right?

Samidare: Yup.

Hiro: You see... At first, I was hopeful that you can get that second remodel since your service record or I mean, the Samidare's service record is quite impressive. But, the higher ups decided to give it to the person who has an even more impressive service record than you are.

Samidare: I see... so it's a reward from the merits of the old war?

Hiro: Indeed. Anyways, by the time people were discussing who would get the remodel, I actually made some research and found out that you might have a slim chance of getting it, which broke my heart when I stumbled upon the truth.

Samidare: So you are also disappointed too? That I will not get my second remodel?

Hiro: I am indeed disappointed. But I have to be thankful that Kawakaze is here too. It means that our forces start to grow.

Samidare: I see... So Admiral, since I never got my second remodel, I think it's best to let myself withdraw from the candidates of which you will marry.

Hiro: Idiot, that statement of yours is enough to offend Sazanami in all ways possible. Asides, Who said that I will not marry you because you have missed your Second remodel. Think about Sazanami who has been working hour just to make sure she can still defeat an abyssal or two despite not having her second remodel? What would she feel if she gets to know your reason for quitting? She will be enraged and she will drag you and beat the pulp out of you to wake you up from the nightmare you are having. Sazanami will never like that explanation of yours.

Samidare: I see... But I am un...

Hiro: Samidare, with Kai Ni or not; I will provisionally marry you. So do not think that not having a Second remodel is enough to withdraw from this stupid race. Samidare, I love you just as much as I love Sazanami. Please do not look down on yourself, for there is no girl who is not worthy to love.

Samidare bursts into tears and she embraced the Admiral who is sitting on her right. Suzukaze on the other hand felt relieve that Samidare looked better.

Samidare: Sorry to doubt you Admiral. I love you too... Please marry me too, provisionally.

Hiro: I will...

The two look at each other's eyes and before they start to kiss their lips, Suzukaze interrupted the two.

Suzukaze: Well then, if you plan on doing it... Please do it somewhere else...

Hiro: Oh ho... Suzu, are you jealous?

Samidare: You can join us too? Afterall, I am you and you are me.

Suzukaze: Of course I am not jealous. Asides Aoi-chan, I felt like I am cheating you If I do it with him.

Samidare: But I am here and I allow it. So why are you hesitating?

Suzukaze: ...

Hiro: Anyways, I do not plan on doing it tonight. A kiss on the lips is enough. Samidare, can we proceed already? Suzukaze, you can take...

Suzukaze immediately kisses the Admiral's lips and she immediately runs inside leaving Samidare and the Admiral on their own devices.

Samidare: So Hiro-san, how is Suzu's lips taste like?

Hiro: Sweet... it tastes like candy.

Samidare: Hmm... Then let me taste it too...

Samidare proceeds in kissing the Admiral's lips.

Later that night, the two slept together inside the Admiral's room.




==Moonlight Dancing==


Maikaze: ...

Mikazuki: ...

Hiro: Umm... why are we here this late at night?

Mikazuki: I am here to stay at the Commander's side.

Maikaze: I am here to get the Admiral for our Daily lessons. Mikazuki-san, can you let me borrow him for an hour or two?

Mikazuki: I don't want to. Asides, I believe you want to seduce him using your dance moves...

Maikaze: ...

Hiro: Wait you two, since this is quite troubling, I will tell you the situation we have right now.

Mikazuki: What do you mean?

Hiro: Well, I made a vow with Maikaze to always go to her dance classes when this time comes. It's an absolute order from Maikaze.

Maikaze lets out a small grin.

Mikazuki: But, The time I can spend with the Commander is during the evening too. I can't let someone cut my time.

Hiro: But Maikaze's lessons are important... I want to learn how to dance too.

Mikazuki sighs.

Maikaze: Looks like I won this round Mikazuki-chan. Anyways, Admiral; let's head back now.

Before Maikaze starts to drag the Admiral away...

Mikazuki: Wait a minute. How about I go and witness your dance. Are you fine with that?

Maikaze: I guess this is fine. (This is my best chance to make her feel envious!)

Hiro: Oh well. Maikaze, Mikazuki; let’s go together.

And the three went to the dance room together.



Later that night, Mikazuki witness a spectacle beyond her comprehension. Mikazuki decided that night to enroll to the dance lessons.


==Kawakaze's passing time...==

Kawakaze currently looks at the ocean while reminiscing the days she spend in the naval base.

Kawakaze: (Hmm... It's been quite some time and there are tons of crazy things that happened here despite me noticing it...)

Then the admiral appeared out of nowhere.

Hiro: Kawakaze, Are you free today?

Kawakaze: Wait, you are asking me for a date? How about Samidare-aneki? Did she allow it?

Hiro: Silly, of course it's not a date. I am asking you if you have work. I have work to give to you.

Kawakaze: Hmm... Well, if it's easy, then I am fine with it.

Hiro: Well, it's technically easy for you. At the same time, this will make you stronger.

Kawakaze: Sounds like something I have to do in repetition. Say Admiral, what is it?

Hiro: You do a submarine Hunt.

Kawakaze: Oh that. It's pretty easy. How long do I need to do it?

Hiro: Until you can't stand anymore, or when you reach level 75.

Kawakaze: Sounds like you will force me to do unlimited sorties, but why?

Hiro: You remember that you will get your second remodel right?

Kawakaze: Yup. Anyways, you look quite a bit mad. Can you tell it to me?

Hiro: Well, I do want Samidare to have her second remodel. Oh well, I gotta move on with that anyways. So Kawakaze, are you willing to get stronger?

Kawakaze: Of course I do!

Hiro: Good. Well then, go forth. Your escorts are waiting for you.

Kawakaze went towards the sea and she her work begins once more.

Hiro: Well then, let's hope that a blueprint is not needed on this one.

The Admiral returned to his office after that.



==Umikaze's loneliness.==

Lately, Kawakaze has been ordered to sortie in 4-3 and Umikaze currently misses Kawakaze as Kawakaze works hard for her second remodel.

Umikaze: Kawakaze... What time will you return today?

Kawakaze: Well... I guess I will be back before the sun sets. Umikaze, don't worry on me. I will be fine and since my senpais are with me, I am sure that We are going to be safe.

Umikaze: I see... well... before you leave, can I...

Kawakaze: Sorry, I have to go now.

Kawakaze exits their room and proceeded to the sea.



Later that lunch

Umikaze: sigh*

Yuudachi: Umikaze-chan? What is the problem-poi?

Umikaze: Well, Kawakaze seems to be busy and she seems to be tired after all those sorties.

Yuudachi: Oh. Well, I guess she had it rough since she will be having a second remodel-poi.

Umikaze: I see... By the way, how does it feel when you get your second remodel?

Yuudachi: Hmm... For me, I felt a lot stronger after that remodel. Shigure once told me that she tends to be luckier with her hits than the usual. Some said that after their second remodel, they can do what they can't do before-poi.

Umikaze: I see. By the way, where is Shigure-san?

Yuudachi: Shigure? Oh she is with the Nishimura peepz-poi.

Umikaze: Must be nice to have friends...

Yuudachi: But you know, Shigure tends to be a bit a troublesome girl-poi, she demands that I should hug her once in a while and once a week, she would kiss me. But I really don't like to do those things since Fubuki-chan... Wait what am I saying-poi?

Umikaze: Must be tough. By the way, do you really like Fubuki-san? She sure is a hard worker.

Yuudachi: well...

Umikaze: (I guess it's a yes.)

Then Shigure arrives on the table along with Harusame who just arrived from her expedition

Shigure: Oh Umikaze.

Harusame: Oh indeed. It’s pretty rare to see you and Kawakaze apart.

Shigure: Harusame, She is currently on training. Asides, where is Shiratsuyu-ane?

Harusame: She is with Samidare and Suzukaze and it seems to be that she is eating with the Commader.

Shigure: Really? Oh well, let her be. The Admiral sure is lax this time around.

Umikaze: Hmm... Anyways, I am done eating. I am giving my seat to you my big sisters.

Harusame: Lucky. oh wait. Can you stay with us for a bit? It's my request.

Umikaze: Oh well...

Umikaze stayed until everyone finished their meal.



Later that night, Umikaze is alone in their room. The lights were currently out and she didn't bother to turn it on.

Umikaze: Liar... Its night and you are not here...

Umikaze twirls her hair as she waits for Kawakaze to arrive.

As she waits, she realized that 2 hours has already passed and before she closed her eyes, a familiar girl arrives while she is catching her breath.

Kawakaze: Umi!!! Oh, I am late as always...

Kawakaze enters the room and she didn't turn on the lights and she sat on her bed and she sighs a bit.

Then Umikaze faces Kawakaze

Umikaze: You are late...

Kawakaze: Sorry! Please let me make up to it...

Umikaze: Well then, please make it up with your kisses then...

Kawakaze: alright.

Then, the two engaged in a rather steamy night together.

|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

===In between: the walls have ears.===


Inside the Admiral's office, there was a hidden room to where voices of all ship-girls were captured 24/7.

The Admiral along with Sazanami was currently listening at today's logs. And they caught on a rather very interesting sound file.

"Ahn... Please be gentle. Hyaa!"

Their faces can't be painted after what they heard.

Hiro: Hmm... Sazanami, was this recorded earlier?

Sazanami: Yup. So Master, what is your view on this?

Hiro: Well, I got a complaint already regarding those two since they are rather not too reserve in doing those acts.

Sazanami: Master, you are also like a wild beast whenever we had our good time together.

Hiro: Yeah, I forgot about that. But then, my room has a proper sound proofing. So there are no sounds leaking out that might disturb others.

Sazanami: By the way, do you keep the files of us... you know...

Hiro: I deleted them immediately the next day. Also, I make sure that they are not retrievable so file were being retrieve just in case someone peep inside.

Sazanami: I see. Anyways, I am pretty sure those Shiratsuyu girls know this issue beforehand.

Hiro: Yup. But Samidare and Suzukaze have no knowledge on this since they are sleeping in the special dorms. So they wouldn't know.

Sazanami: Indeed. Anyways, what is your action on those two?

Hiro: Though I didn't forbid it at all... I can't stay quiet on scandals. I need to separate them starting tomorrow.

Sazanami: I guess that would be the best short term measure to rake. But you need to make a permanent solution to this.

Hiro: I will try. Any movements on Kako and Furutaka?

Sazanami: None. Furutaka seems to be quite behaved. Kako is still the same though.

Hiro: Good. Well then, let's listen to other logs before we go to sleep.

Sazanami: Yes Master...

The two continues to listen to all audio logs.


==Kawakaze K2==

Hiro: Well then Kawakaze, congrats on getting to level 75

Kawakaze: So what it means Admiral? Is there something special with that?

Hiro: Well, since a few hours ago, someone has approved your remodel and it's time for you to undergo that remodel.

Kawakaze: Really!?

Hiro: Well then, Sazanami; please escort Kawakaze to the factory for her second Remodel

Sazanami who was at the Admiral's side saluted.

Sazanami: Master, will you go with us?

Hiro: Nope. I have to do some extra work until now.

Sazanami: I see... well then, we have to go now.

Hiro: Take care then.

Kawakaze: Well then...

Kawakaze was then escorted by Sazanami to the Factory to be remodeled.



Kawakaze: Say Sazanami-san, is the Admiral a bit disappointed?

Sazanami: Yup. Master seems to be a bit torn since Samidare didn't get her second remodel. But then, he said that it's not your fault anyways. Don't worry about that.

Kawakaze: I see... well then. I just need to not disappoint the Admiral for letting me take this opportunity to don my second remodel then.

Sazanami: Well then... I will leave it to your hands. Also Kawakaze, Please minimize your noise if you don't want to be separated with Umikaze. Consider it as my warning as your senpai.

Sazanami left Kawakaze as Kawakaze's face becomes red to what she heard from Sazanami.

Kawakaze: (How did she know?)

Kawakaze later on enters and gets her second remodel without any problems at all.


==To that place...==

Late afternoon before the sun sets, The Admiral is standing in the beach side as he looked at the setting sun. His face is full of confidence which was totally opposite of what he looked a year ago.

In his hand, there was a group of flowers which he picked from not so far garden and he is currently holding at it tightly.

As the sun makes its slow exit towards the Horizon, the Admiral throws the flowers to the sea as if he is asking the sea to be calm for him in the next few weeks.

Hiro: And my work is done...

As he turned around, he saw a figure of a girl who is in late teens, probably around 18 and currently holds 2 cups of chocolate on both of her hands. She had a short pink hair and she wears a sailor uniform which is a bit hanging and it somehow subtly reveals her white skin around her stomach area.

Sazanami: Master, care to spend a bit of time with me?

Hiro: But we spend a lot of time together...

Sazanami: this time around, we will spend time like close friends.

Hiro: I see. Let's watch the sunset then.

The Admiral gets his cup and then he looks at the sun and Sazanami walks towards his side and she watches the sun sets into the horizon.

After the sun disappears and the two finished their cup of warm chocolate, lights appeared from the Naval base which was near from their area and a lot of people were excited in the coming night.

Hiro: What is it that you wanted to ask Sazanami?

Sazanami: Well... Do you still remember the time we looked up in the sunset as if we are waiting for that grand day?

Hiro: Yeah. It is a year already since we did that right?

Sazanami: Yup. Anyways, you don't look too tense unlike a year ago. Are you perhaps confident enough?

Hiro: Honestly, It's a no. Rather than being confident, I am trying to look strong... So that others won't worry that much.

Sazanami: Silly... You know that they will worry more if you don't worry at all. Knowing them, they will check the inventory and look if we have the right equipments or look at the resources if we have the enough resources to fight.

Hiro: Indeed. They did that last summer.

Sazanami: So are there anymore worries?

Hiro: Yup. I am worried that I am not doing a great job in leading the girls.

Sazanami: Oh. Do not worry about that, we all love you and it's a fact. We know that you are doing your best even though it falls short at times.

Hiro: I see... Thanks.

Sazanami: Asides, how long do we know one another?

Hiro: Two years.

Sazanami: Ouch... not that long. Anyways, thought I am not Aoi-san who knew your goodwill nor Kinugasa-san who knows you for the longest time. I will do my best in being your best pal, your best girl and your best friend. After all, I am the best person you can have rolled up into one; Your woman, your lover and your friend.

Hiro: Indeed. I am so grateful having you at my side...

The admiral holds Sazanami's hand.

Sazanami: So just like the old times? Walk back together?

Hiro: Yup. Back then; this is where I formally ask you to be my girl right?

Sazanami: Yup. And I really appreciate it this much, Hiro-san; thank you for loving me.

And the two returned to the base as they walk with their hands interlock with one another.



==Omake: The abyssal state of affairs.==

Battleship Princess: Hmm, is there a problem Air Defense Princess?

Air Defense Princess: Well, I wonder if I will ever met that guy that managed to wound me 4 times.

Battleship Princess: Just be patient, you will get your time soon. For now, it's time for us to prepare too.

Ru-Class Battleship: Indeed... I am aching to beat the sh*t out of those girls.

Submarine Princess: I am aching to have my revenge against those people who mocked me.

Wo-class Carrier: I am looking forward to their obliteration.

xxx: Well then, why not do your best from now on!?

Battleship Princess: Indeed. Anyways, what will you do from here on, Admiral Zero?

Zero: Me? I will just sit back and relax and enjoy the show, if those weaklings decided to show up and it's time for us to have a massacre.

The abyssals nodded as their Admiral fixes his cap.

Zero: Though he might have not known of me yet. I am pretty sure that when he meets me, He will know that we are destined to fight one another.

Air Defense Princess: Are you referring to the Raven?

Zero: Yup. Thanks to him, I managed to get this body from his incomplete fall and thanks to his knowledge, I can put a dent on his prided fleet. Just wait and see how much I will rain terror on the Raven. HAHAHAAHAHAHAAHAH!

The laugh echoes in an isolated abyssal naval base.

- end.
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]