<p style="text-align: center;">'''Volume 1 :  Fixing a broken base.'''</p>

==Prologue:==

History has told that heroes comes out in times of great danger. And to what basis does it stand, well look at the legendary helper who have saved the nation once, and the ever so mysterious bunch of Admiral Hiro Raven and his legion of shipgirls who seemed to be very capable on their own have managed to destroy the abyssal fleet and also reformed the world on how they view on shipgirls.

Of course that history is about to repeat soon, but not in my time… after all, it’s a great time of peace and naval bases were reduced in order to reduce the cost of maintaining one thus limiting the defenses around the border. Its fine according to what my dad would always say since there are few who will abuse their powers in order to do the unthinkable since Shipgirls can’t be hurt by anything asides from themselves or the abyssal; so necessarily, they have become tools for war. Of course they were limiting their usage since Hiro Raven has stated that he will destroy any nation who would do such a practice. And all those nations still abide his word since he has demonstrated his power after wiping one nation at the face of the planet. But luckily, no one knows where he is so its probability of him being dead should be high since there were no news about him as of late.

Oh right, I haven’t introduced myself but I am Natsuki and currently heading my way towards an important military facility for some reasons I have told before. Yes, on this day; I have been assigned as the new admiral. Due to the recommendation of my father who seems to have connection to the military, he have found a way to let me through in the selection even though I myself have made the effort to make it in so I should probably be proud that I did my best to be here instead of my father’s connection which seemed to be dubious.

Anyways, the previous admiral was already discharge so I am taking over the command of the base. But even so, I am not really good at communicating with other girls, even though my dad has quite a lot of female friends and he even make a joke that I have many mothers too which of course not true due to the fact that my mama who had a nice pink hair always complain to dad that all he ever does is to flirt with our neighbor who had a long blue hair and the other one with the long, black silky hair.

But rather than being surprised about not being able to establish proper communication on women, I just have no interest on them and I spend more time reading books and daydreaming. Anyways the reason why I am speaking about women since I am taking over the naval base which was filled with shipgirls. And it was just disclosed to me yesterday when the Marshall Admiral have briefed me about those matters. Rather, they were too lucky to find someone like me who seemed to be qualified about work. Anyways, since I have already arrived at the vicinity, all I need to do is to greet the secretary and meet with the rest of the fleet.<br />

As I wander around the vicinity, I looked around and saw the sakura trees which were already at their full bloom.<br />

“It’s quite good…” I muttered to myself as I can’t help but be overwhelm at the sight of the sakura trees blooming this late of spring.<br />

But as I said those words, something collided with me with a soft thud as it hits my body.<br />I haven’t noticed it but there was a girl (rather a young one) staring at me as I hit her as I bumped into her while.<br />

“Sorry…”<br />

But as I said those words, I was stopped at my feet when I met a girl who is standing behind me. Rather a young girl, I already imagined that she was already a high school student that had height issues.<br />

“Umm… Outsiders are not allowed here…”<br />

I examined the girl and her features were rather plain asides from her quite ordinary twin tails which reminded me of a person who keeps on pestering dad about marriage, of course that would not be possible since he is married to my pink haired mama who seems to be annoyed at her presence.<br />

“I forgot to introduce myself. But I am the new admiral based here. Are you one of the workers here?”<br />

“A Commander!?”<br />

As she said those words, she immediately run away towards the distance to where I can’t see her shadow anymore. Perhaps, she is a shy girl to begin with.<br />

As I look at the clock, I realized that it’s time for me to go and meet with the secretary.<br />

From here on, I could have wished that I have listened to what my dad keeps saying to me when I was young…<br />



==Chapter 1: The Admiral==


I remember what my dad once told me when he was in the military that no matter what happens, have compassion to those who have joined your cause. Also, respecting officers is a must. But he did told me that in times of emergency, my personal judgement is still weigh better than their orders. Of course he did survive the abyssal war so he knows what he is doing. However, in peace times… I wonder what I should do when something happens.

The Office of the Admiral seemed to be decent as I went inside and what greeted me is a person who had a serious look at her face.<br />

“Are you the Admiral reporting in?” The Secretary-like girl asked me as she examines me from head to foot.<br />

“Yeah.” I replied while still lost at words as I stare at her most prominent feature.<br />

“A man again… sigh, oh well. For as long as you don’t do any weird then its fine. I am Takao and your fleet secretary.” Takao offered her hand as she finished her introduction<br />

“Natsuki Kurokaze.” I replied as I offered my hand to her.<br />

“Kurokaze… what a strange surname… where did you came from?” Takao replied as she pried a bit on my family history.<br />

“It’s not far from here. Rather, it’s just a new town in the middle of nowhere… What was the name again… Raven town.”<br />

“That place… that’s where the famous Admiral Raven settled in his last years of his life.”<br />

“Is that so? My dad haven’t told me about that.”<br />

Basing everything what dad has said seems to be unreliable at times too. But even so, he is the only one who knows the history of the place and thus knowing things from him was the norm.<br />

But after knowing some discrepancies about my knowledge and the rumors regarding our town makes me think about the few secrets dad should be hiding. Asides, does even my pink-haired mama know about this? Somehow, I wanted to learn them one day but for now, I need to do something about the fleet.

“Anyways Takao, what is the status of this fleet? I want to know about them.” I asked Takao as I successfully diverted the topic at hand.<br />Takao was surprised that I did ask her about the fleet itself and she soon provided me the materials needed for my own study.<br />“Admiral, when will you meet the fleet?” Takao asked as she pulled out some files in the shelf.<br />“Later this lunch. Afterall, we all eat at the same place. If they are not present, I guess tomorrow will do. But please tell them via intercom that the Admiral has arrived.”<br />“I see.” Takao nodded in agreement as she writes down her notes. “I should announce it already then.”<br />Takao immediately exits as she headed towards the Radio room and as of now, she should be asking the permission to whoever runs that place.

'''''[Ehem. Takao Speaking, I am here to announce that the replacement Admiral has already arrived. He will meet all of you on the morning gathering tomorrow. I repeat…]'''''

“It was not even 5 minutes when Takao headed out of the room when she made that announcement, I guess she is skilled in her previous duty.” I uttered to myself as I look at the profiles Takao has provided to me.<br />Soon as Takao made that announcement, I heard a marching crowd approaching the room.


An hour has passed after Takao made her announcement and all of the girls who came and greeted me went out to do their own duties. As far as I can remember, almost 70% of the fleet have come to greet me. But there are few who didn’t came due to their rather peculiarities.<br />

“Sorry if they did bother you in your work.” Takao apologizes as she made a dogeza. Rather, I can’t see her due to the fact that the desk was covering her.<br />

“I don’t mind. After all, they will all come to bother me whenever I am working in the future. I guess I can get to know them too a bit. But, I still haven’t seen that girl.”<br />

“Who are you referring to?” Takao asked as she stood up.<br />

“From the list that you gave me, her name is Isonami. Was she already on her expedition?”<br />

“Oh… that girl is quite shy. Even to our previous Admiral.”<br />I remember Isonami’s frightened face as I mentioned that I am an Admiral of the naval base, I guess there was some kind of reasoning to that.<br />

“But nonetheless, even for a fleet like this, 40 ships are quite few.”<br />

As I look at Takao, I noticed that she had a bitter expression at her face.<br />

“It’s because some of us have died in service and before the Admiral have abandoned his duties, he even took Kongou with him and went on a moonlit flit”<br />

“So they eloped?” I asked as I looked at Takao’s face.

“Yeah.” Takao replied while clenching her fist as if she wanted to punch someone who does not exist at all.<br />I decided to drop the depressing talks as I try to improve Takao’s mood.<br />“Anyways Takao, let’s talk something else. I don’t want to see beautiful girls like you sad.”<br />“Thanks Admiral.”<br />And the workspace I am in has now become a bit comfortable to work with.


Later that Afternoon, I finally managed to get everything into order and managed to formulate an action plan about the fleet. But even so, the fleet is quite undermanned and the resources we had is still limited.  <br />

“What an ordeal.” I uttered as I finished looking at the papers.<br />

“Good work for today. Have some tea.” Takao offers tea as she started brewing the tea leaves.<br />

“Thanks. Takao, looks like we need to revamp everything.” I replied after sipping the tea.<br />

“Revamp? You mean there will be changes?” Takao replied while sipping her cup of tea.<br />

“The way the expedition team are handling resources are quite expensive, the bucket expedition team is filled with Battleships that wastes more than what they collect, the bauxite squadron has a carrier escort which is supposed to be a job for Destroyers and Light cruisers alike. And why are we getting resources in the other spots?” I complained as I point out the weakness of the expedition fleet.<br />

Takao had a mixed expression on her face as she continues sipping the tea.<br />

“But nonetheless, since you managed to hold on is commendable. Anyways, since we do lack in the destroyer divisions, we need to raise some and let them take over the duties of those expensive leechers.”<br />

Takao nodded as she empties the cup of tea she is holding.<br />

“Takao, can I ask you a few questions. It’s a bit personal…” I asked as I looked at her face.<br />

“For me?” Takao replies with a surprised look on her face.<br />

“Rather, it about your old Admiral if you don’t mind.” I replied as I hold her hand.<br />

“Sorry. Even though I am the fleet secretary, I didn’t know him that much. If you want to ask about him, you can meet Inazuma of the expedition team.” Takao replied as she apologizes to me.<br />

“Well then, since you don’t know much about him. Do you still care about that person?”<br />

A long silence filled the room as I can’t gauge Takao’s expression. Then, she replied with her unusual sad voice.<br />

“No.”<br />

Hearing the word from Takao, I felt relieved.

Night falls and my phone started ringing. It was a message from my old man who seemed to be a bit worried about me.<br />

'''[Congratulations for making into the naval base. Let me tell you something good as a reward.]'''<br />

After my dad send that message another message came, this time it came from my pink-haired mama.<br />

'''[The naval base was once operated by a man named xxx, even though he is a brilliant strategist, he had a big flaw in his methods. He relied too much on capital ships and when the time for him to deal with the Kis Islands operation, his team suffered countless defeats most of the time. After all the frustrations have built up in him, he started sinking some of his capital ships naming Yamashiro, Nagato and Ise. He have sunk 2 light Carriers too and a lot of Destroyers in the process of clearing it. Of course that wouldn’t be a subject for a court martial since he can always build one in return. Anyways, one day when he have enough. He took Kongou with him and decided to elope far from their reaches. The word has reached the HQ and notified that he is a wanted criminal for abandoning the duty.]'''<br />

My mom who seemed to be enjoying messaging has send quite a long message. Rather, were they wiretapping our conversation? It’s probably impossible.<br />

After my mom has send her message, my dad send another one.<br />

'''[There are some rumors that the previous admiral have committed acts of lasciviousness towards the other shipgirls. Anyways, I don’t know who he is anyway.]'''<br />

“That’s some helpful info dad.” I uttered to myself as I stood up from the bed. From the looks of things, my personal belongings have arrived earlier than expected so I have some change of clothes whenever I am not working.<br />I changed my clothes and wore my most comfortable clothes for the evening and went to the rooftop to where the wind blows. The wind is still cool and it still blows as it passes through, but it didn’t matter to me since I am used to the cold.

As I am resting a bit, I heard a sound at the back of the building.<br />“Commander!?”<br />It was a voice of a girl who seemed to have been surprised.<br />“Is it true that someone took over?”<br />A male voice was heard along the way.<br />“Did you told him anything?” The male voice continues to ask the girl in the dark.

There was silence after that exchange. Even though I can’t see their faces, I can tell that there is something wrong with the surroundings.<br />“Stop… don’t touch me…”<br />The girl moaned as something happens between her and the male voice. Knowing that something is wrong, I interrupted them.<br />

“WHO ARE YOU?” I spoke while looking down on them.<br />

“shit!” The male voice runs towards the fence and runs into the woods to where my eyes can’t follow him anymore.<br />

The girl was left alone gasping for breath.<br />I decided to jump from the rooftop of the building.
<br />

==Chapter 2: Victim==


''Let me tell you something crazy, I can use magic.<br />Crazy enough? If no, then let me tell you that this world allows all kinds of phenomenon exist.<br />Why did I knew it? Simple, I can use one. And it’s on my thesis paper before I almost not graduate from school.''

I called up the wind and use them to slow down my fall. Normally, a normal human being would be injured after jumping 3 stories high.

And without wasting any moment’s breath, I have arrived at the scene where the light is dimly lit which was the reason why I can’t see everything from up there. But even so, I have arrived at the best time possible and rescued the distressed princess, however…

“Isonami?”<br />“Eek…”<br />Isonami distanced herself as she moves away from me.<br />“I wanna talk with you.”<br />“No!”<br />Isonami immediately run away back to the destroyer dorms.

I missed my chance to catch up with him, but even so, I remember that expression she had a while… It was a face filled with fear. It looked the same on the time we first met.<br />

“What a troublesome problem…” I scratched my head as I watched Isonami’s shadow vanishes into the light of their dorm.<br />

As soon as I headed back to my room, a shadow appeared to me. Rather, it was a person I knew since she works for my dad.<br />

“Young Master, I came here to report to you that the reports your dad have send to you is true.”<br />

“Yeah, you are a few minutes late.” I replied sarcastically as I peer at the shadow’s face.<br />

“Anyways, should we keep surveillance?” The shadow asked while waiting for my confirmation.<br />

“No need. I should resolve this on my own without dad’s intervention. Anyways, how long did you serve dad by the way?” I asked while peering at her expression which was covered by a mask.<br />

“I have been serving him since time immemorial. I can’t tell you how long though.”<br />For some reason, I can feel that the shadow was smiling at me as she pets my head. Her hand had a familiar weight attached to it as if I have known her for a long time.<br />

“When will I see you?” I asked while holding the shadow’s hand.<br />

“Sadly, I do not know when. But I know from the tone of yours that you have remembered something. To reduce the interference from the outside, I will have to wait for my Master’s orders.”<br />

And the shadow vanished into the darkness of the night as she have finished her report.

The morning came and the assembly had been a success, I have also announced the roster for the expedition teams. There was confusion at first but when I described why is that important, they all nodded In agreement and they all have followed me in the end. At the end of the assembly, I saw someone who looked my mother but I decided to keep it inside me since she and my mom are quite different in terms of age.

After the Assembly Takao brought me to the factory and also went around inspecting the facilities. So far, the place is quite well maintained even though it was quite unmanned for a few weeks. I guess rehabilitation will be complete soon.

“Takao. Can you tell me why the fence is broken?” I pointed out the fence at as we reached the back of the building.<br />

“There was a case of burglar who stole some important items in the destroyer’s dorm.” Takao replied.<br />

“Like what?” I question as I can’t fathom what a burglar wanted.<br />

“Panties…” Takao replied while clenching her fist.<br />

“So the burglar was doing a panty raid… Anyways, was the thief caught?”<br />

“Yes. But I heard that he escaped.” Takao replied as she can’t hide her worries.<br />

“Well then, let’s fix that and maybe change the lightbulb from that light pole.”  I pointed at the light pole as I replied to Takao<br />

“Was there a problem with that light pole?” Takao look puzzled as she ask me.<br />

“When I was at the rooftop last night, I looked around and saw that the light at this part is dim.”<br />

“I see. Anyways, Yuubari will do it immediately.” Takao replied as she writes things in her memo.<br />

“Alright. I hope this solves it.” I replied.<br />

“About what?” Takao inquires as she looks at my expression.<br />

“Nothing.” I replied as I hid something from her.<br />

My gut tells me that I shouldn’t involve this hardworking girl anymore.


Later in the afternoon, I went to visit the destroyer Dorms and I immediately greeted some of them. One of those people is Inazuma who is somewhat fussing over her sisters chaotic argument.<br />

“Is Inazuma around?” I asked as I peeked into their room.<br />

“Nanodesu~” Inazuma replied while trying to meditate the argument that seemed to have not going anywhere.<br />Somehow, Hibiki have noticed my presence and she immediately taps Inazuma’s shoulder and Inazuma was surprised to see me waiting for her. When I looked around the room, I noticed that Akatsuki bears the same expression that Isonami carries that night.<br />

“If you excuse me. I will be back later nanodesu.”<br />

Inazuma went out of the room and we headed out to the rooftop of the dorm.


The rooftop of the dorm is not a public space. Since there is a curfew imposed in the dorms, they really don’t stay long outside unless it’s their day-off. Anyways, Inazuma prepared a seat for the two of us since the rooftop is quite barren.<br />

“Anyways, I am Admiral Natsuki Kurokaze. Nice meeting you, starter ship.”<br />

“I am Inazuma and also the previous Commander’s starter ship. Please to meet you too-nanodesu.”<br />

The two of us bowed to one another as if we are having an omiai.<br />

“Since you came here to ask me, it’s about the previous Commander right?”<br />

The air around Inazuma has changed after mentioning about her old commanding officer.<br />

“Commander used to be a good person, a nice one to boot. He takes good care of us shipgirls and he is quite knowledgeable about our needs. Takao-san kept quiet about this. But she is the 2nd ship of the fleet so she should know the Commander too. It’s just that he didn’t tell her everything.”<br />Inazuma had a trouble expression as she describe her old commander.<br />

“Commander managed to clear that hard operation while using his tactics and he have made it through using his talents in combat strategies. However, he have neglected training the Destroyers and Light Cruisers on his part. That was his only flaw in his battle plan. We tried to tell him to train destroyers too but in the end, he said that we should just sit around and let the capital ships do the work.”<br />

“And then, he hit a wall named Kis Island operations.”<br />

Inazuma nodded as I mentioned that term to her.<br />

“Commander hastily sends his best ships and then, they all end up not arriving at the boss’ lair and he got so frustrated that he kept trying and trying until the first ship fell. One day, he sunk Nagato.”<br />Inazuma had a dark expression as she mentions the name of the sunken ship.<br />

Continuing from her words, The Admiral has sunk quite a number of ships according to the report mom did gave to me. And it seems that her expression is getting darker.<br />

“The morale was very low and Takao-san managed to stay on track. However, the storm hasn’t ended yet. His first victim is… Akatsuki-chan.”<br />

As Inazuma mentioned Akatsuki, I recalled the face of Akatsuki while she is looking at me.<br />

“Did he harassed her?” I asked the dark Inazuma<br />

“He touched her first at the places normally was deemed taboo. But then, he didn’t stopped and he almost went to the act of defiling her. But that didn’t stopped him. Soon, he touched a lot of destroyers and even Takao who was trying to console him. In the end even though we can forgive him…”<br />

There were tears flowing from Inazuma’s eyes. From the looks of things, it’s safe to say that there was no one left untouched in this naval base.<br />

“And one day… he left along with Kongou, and abandoned us without looking back.”<br />

Inazuma started crying as she finished speaking about her previous commanding officer. For some reason, I am in no position to console her since it won’t return anything that was lost but, I recalled a teaching my dad used to tell me when I was young.

<br />''“Natsuki, if you see a girl crying and her reason seems to be quite heavy, you can’t carelessly say that you’ll shoulder half of it. Because it’s irresponsible. Either you stay at her side until she cry all the tears she had, or hug her tight and tell her that it’ll be alright.”''<br />

I immediately decided to do the latter since I still have to do something. And since she reminds me of my aunt who looked so sad at the death of my uncle, it really pushed me to console her at the best of my effort.<br />

A few hours after Inazuma and I talked, she returned to her room and she explained the things we have discussed and it seems that the fear from Akatsuki’s eyes has lessened a bit. OF course, I wasn’t expecting a fast resolution to this problem. But even so, I need to do something to be called an Admiral.<br />And so, with the new information I got from Inazuma. I finally decided to confront the bastard who made his comrades cry.

<br />

==Chapter 3: Recovery==


With the matters regarding to fleet morale has been slowly improving due to Inazuma’s promise to me, I finally moved on to the next stage of the plan. Which meant one thing… Training new ships. The problem that was left to me was there wasn’t too much Destroyers in the roster since he sunk one after the other after acquisition, which prompted me to build some and for some reason, I managed to get all the essentials in the fewest number of constructions possible. But of course, with new ones; you need to make sure that they are fully modernized and have the best equipment for their needs.

And so, the process keeps repeating over the course of 2 weeks until I managed to level them properly. While I can hear the complaints coming from the docks that it was always full… in the end, it was solved by expanding the docks and everyone was happy in the end. But I do wonder why the previous admiral have to sink some of his girls. Was it performance issues? Was it morale? Was it loyalty? I have no idea since there is nothing that can point me towards the truth. But even so, even after all of my efforts, Isonami still avoids me and Shirayuki still looks at me like I am some of a filthy beast. I wonder how bad the Admiral did towards them.

That Afternoon, 2 letters arrived to me after Takao has delivered to me. The first one was an anonymous letter sent to me saying that I should return his fleet to him. In which prompted me that it was the previous Admiral who have sent it to me. The second one has a seal that I am quite familiar with.<br />“Takao, when did this letter arrived?” I asked Takao as I present the said envelop<br />“I didn’t noticed it at all. By the way, that’s a strange envelope with a strange seal…” Takao examines the envelop itself.<br />I took the envelope and I opened it using a letter knife. I took out its contents and read it while Takao also took a peek out of it.

To Natsuki

We have determined that there will be trouble in the next couple of days. We would bring you your additional equipment later.<br />Anyways, take care and your mom told me that I should interfere this time but I decided not to. After all, it’s your time to shine as a hero.

Your Dad,<br />Hiro Kurokaze*<br />Then, there was a package that arrive at the office and Takao was surprised to see the contents of the package.

“3 swords, 4 Handguns, 20 magazines for each hand guns, a ring and a pendant. This should be the combat package.” I murmured as I examine each of the equipment that I have received.<br />“Admiral, what are those?” Takao asks me while keeping her distance.<br />“I these are my usual weapons. Though they are not my full arsenal… this should do. I am a military personnel after all. Though samurai swords are a bit out of fashion these days.” I replied as I finished checking the contents of each item.<br />“But what is their use if they can’t hurt abyssal?” Takao asked while looking confused.<br />“It’s made for killing not abyssal. In short, human beings. But don’t worry, it won’t work on shipgirls.” I replied as I return them all at the container.<br />That day, Takao distance herself to me until I finally made her understood that it’s for self-defense*


I remember that time when my dad keep pestering me to enter the military, but my motivation is not really at its best. So I have decided to be the Military Police in order for me to have it easy. Which proved to be a fatal mistake in my part. And thus, my dad thought me things that I need to learn if I ever have to resort to fighting an individual.

Normally, I would usually train to sharpen my skill everyday but due to my special ability to instantly recall every action I have made before. Whenever my hand touches a gun, my body remembers. But of course the major flaw is that I still need to be train for that whenever I hold something for the first time. So today, in order for me to get familiarized over my weapons, I decided to check them out at the shooting range.

The shooting range I was referring to is the Carrier’s training grounds. Due to the fact that I don’t have any blanks with me, I need to exercise caution just in case the bullets didn’t hit its target.

“It’s fine if you miss. There are no civilians nearby.” The girl named Soryuu spoke as she readies her arrow.<br />“Thanks. By the way, are you not scared at the sight of a gun?” I asked as I aimed at the target.<br />“Not really. Rather, I wanted to use one of those. But of course you won’t let me.” Souryuu replied as she releases her arrow.<br />“If it’s a pellet gun, maybe I can lend it to you. We can host survival games if we ever have the chance to.” I replied after pulling the trigger.<br />A loud sound was heard after I fired 3 shots and after that, Soryuu converts her arrow into planes and bombed the target that I shot a while ago. The result is something that is obvious from the start.

Soryuu grinned as she looks at me and pulls out another arrow and pointed it towards my direction.<br />“Even though I have my doubts if you are a good person or not. As far as I can see, I think you are capable and I heard from Inazuma that you are actually trying to address that issue by yourself. I think it’s commendable since you would be winning the hearts of everyone at this state.”

I hold the arrow tip and gently took the bow from Soryuu’s hand. I smiled and aimed at the next target.<br />I released the arrow and it flew a beautiful arc and before I knew it, the arrow became dive bombers and it immediately released its payload towards the target.

“What!? How did you do that?” Soryuu asks me as she hold my hand.”<br />“I don’t know, I just aimed at the target and it flew. Maybe it heard my voice saying fly or something.” I replied as I try to dodge the question.<br />“Something is fishy with you. But you have no idea about this right?” Soryuu replied as she looks at me intently.<br />“Yeah. Sorry for startling you.” I replied while apologizing to the depths of my heart.<br />Soryuu let go of my hand and we parted ways. For some reason, I can use the armaments the shipgirls use even though I am not one of them. Maybe there is a reason why it happens to me. And such, it might be the first case where a normal male can wield a shipgirl’s weapon.

“Maybe I should ask dad about this unusual event.”<br />After that, I returned towards the office and continue doing some work.


==<br />Side Chapter: The fall of the previous==


Before Natsuki’s assignment was determined, there was once an admiral who have the chances to be called the next hero. He had the skills, charisma, and even luck to win every battles left and right. Of course it was no simple feat that an individual can achieve. But then, something went wrong along the way.

According to the starter ship, it was due to the fact that he neglected to train the most fundamental units in the naval base, the Destroyers.<br />Destroyers are the major workforce of any navy and they can almost do everything starting from transport, escorting and even Anti-submarine duties. Some are also capable of Anti-air and some are even capable of fighting off against heavier battleships. But even so, the previous Admiral have neglected leveling them due one reason.

That reason is that they don’t have much power to begin with.

“To begin with Might is everything so the stronger they are, the better it is.”

That’s why he hasn’t even manage to clear the submarine clearing operations yet.

But nonetheless, such a minor setback is not really important to him and he proceed with power in every operation possible… Until he hit that one sturdy wall.<br /><br />It was a wall that challenged his mettle, it was a challenge that tested his soul, and it was the test of his brilliance. But in the end, he have failed and he spectacularly fell towards the depths of the abyss.

Little by little, he became desperate and he continues fighting the wall until the die has cast, the first victim has claimed by his careless actions which resulted to the death of a certain strong battleship. After that, there were more victims claimed by the sea and it made the Admiral lose himself to pressure of defeat.

Later that night, Akatsuki tried to comfort the said Admiral. At first, The Admiral cried and cried until he cried no more. It was already decided that he will have to hand over the rights to the next admiral, but was on hold due to the fact that they need to find a better candidate. And even so, as the previous admiral started to sink to the depths of despair. He lost himself and started to become a monster beyond salvation.

He ravished the innocent Akatsuki and he pushed her back and started harassing her with the intentions of mudding her. But it was quickly stopped by Inazuma who happens to be passing by and stopped the animalistic act.

But it didn’t end at that night. Every night, there were muffled sounds echoing on every dorms which alarmed everyone by the attack. Then, it didn’t helped that the victims were all quiet about it and before they know it, they all have been violated by the previous Admiral.

His last victim was Isonami who can’t voice out her pain. She tried her best to fight back but in the end, she was defeated by that fear which paralyzed her. And since she can’t even say no to the previous admiral, she is constantly violated until the day he have left her alone in the dark.

And so, on his last day, he have receive the notice to surrender the control but he decided to run away taking Kongou with him. Since Kongou stay at his side during those times, The Previous one had ran away along with Kongou until he finds the right chance to retake what is rightfully his.

<p style="text-align: center;">'''|---|'''</p>



And so, in the darkness of the night. Along with Kongou who is ready to raise hell on earth just to be with the old Admiral the two decided to run towards their destination: the naval base.

“Admiral, it seems the security is lax at these times-desu”<br />“Shhh… We still need to reclaim what is ours.”<br />“Alright. Anyways, is there a problem with the current Admiral?”<br />“Nothing, it’s just that he is not normal.”<br />“So, you will take him out and tell them that you have changed for the better right?”<br />“Yeah. Let’s hope for the best in this operation.”<br />“Roger-desu!”<br />And the two started their night ops.

==<br />Chapter 4: Night Raid==


I am currently standing at the rooftop carrying 2 swords and I hid one more sword in the corner just in case. I have my handguns hidden too just in case I need to use them.

And so, I was greeted by someone I know who will arrive.

“Are you the previous one?” I asked while looking at the Previous Admiral.<br />“Yeah. But I have changed and I am planning to take them all back.” He replied as he pulls out a gun.<br />From the looks of things, he is intended to kill me on the spot.

“Can I know your name first?” I asked as I pull out the sword from its sheath.<br />“My name is Matsu.” He replied as he closes to me.<br />“Well then Matsu, I hope you don’t mind if I win.” I replied as I made a smile onto my face.<br />And the fight started in that instant.

A few minutes after, the battle was decided. Even though he had pull some tricks on me, since I have the home court advantage, I managed to trip him in some of my trip wires and managed to defeat him even without wounding him.

“It’s over. Once you have stepped here, our battle has already decided.”<br />Matsu couldn’t helped it but click his tongue in displeasure.<br />“Let me ask you something then, did you change for the good?” I ask while looking down on Matsu who was lying flat on the floor.<br />“Of course not! It’s all an act so that I can still get those idiots to join my side. Of course I can’t get everything I want but I will destroy you and your name!” Matsu exclaimed while laughing maniacally.<br />After he said those words, I pulled out my cellphone out of my pocket and pressed the play button. It played the exact conversation the two of us has said.<br />Matsu’s face pales after he hears the words he said as it was recorded into my phone.<br />“And send…” I jokingly said while pressing the send button towards one contact; Takao.

From here on, the battle is finally over and I have won the war.

Kongou visited every room trying to solicit trust for her Admiral Matsu, some were hesitating to leave and others just ignored her. But Kongou’s appeal did work on some and is now gathering them at the gate heading outside.

“Where is the Admiral? It’s already time.” Kongou looked at the clock while waiting for her Admiral.<br />She remembered that Admiral Matsu went towards the rooftop to settle a score. Hence, Kongou decided to leave them and went towards the direction of the said rooftop.

She ran faster than what she normally does and little by little, she sees the destination right in front of her eyes. And then, she heard the words Admiral Matsu said towards the other.

“Of course not! It’s all an act so that I can still get those idiots to join my side. Of course I can’t get everything I want but I will destroy you and your name!”

Kongou stopped on her tracks as she heard Admiral Matsu’s confession. She knew already that it was all an act, but even so; she wished that Admiral Matsu would change for the better. Kongou decided to help out Admiral Matsu again since she felt that he was in danger.<br />Kongou readies her gun and aimed at the direction to where Admiral Natsuki is. Her built in radar determined the location of Natsuki without relying on sight. As Kongou slowly breathes in, she remembers all the good things Admiral Matsu has done to all of them and she is grateful for that. Kongou exhales and still hesitates to shoot a person, since it was her first time doing so, it might end up badly for her.

“I can’t hesitate now. I’ve got to save him.”

Kongou inhales once more and this time, as she exhales; a loud sound was produced and the unguarded Natsuki was hit by that surprise attack.


<p style="text-align: center;">'''[[User:Arvin30p||---|]]'''</p>


I saw myself falling from 3 storied-building. I look at my right side and I saw that I lost an arm and a part of my shoulder blade. It must have been from the Armor Piercing shell which was fired to my direction. So careless of me indeed. But yeah. I guess I can still slow my fall even for a bit.

But as I try to chant, I realized that my vocal chords were a mess and I continued to fall towards the cold ground.

I realized that my death is near and I am closing into it. I guess I won’t be able to hear Isonami’s greeting to me once she overcomes her fear. I won’t be able to play with Akatsuki who seemed to be opening up to me. I won’t be able to tease Soryuu more and I guess I won’t be able to hear Takao’s voice who was deemed into supporting me in every step I take. Ah, I guess Mom and Dad were going to miss me so much after this.

But before I said my farewells, someone catches me from my fall.<br />“It’s too early for you to die. After all you are his son.”<br />It came from the shadow that visited me one night but this time, she doesn’t hide her face and her long black hair is being swayed by the night breeze.<br />“So Yoru-san is one of my guardians.” I smiled as I look at her face.<br />“I am. But I only serve one person. Hiro-san wants me to clean up the mess since he felt that you are going to die at any point.”  Yoru-san answered while touching my side.<br />“Anyways, I am just your combat guardian, the healer is still not available due to the fact that she is too clingy to Hiro-san too. But don’t worry… She’ll help you this time around. Anyways, I need to subdue the one who hurt Hiro’s future…”<br />Yoru-san pulled out a black sword out of nowhere. My dad once told me not to spar against Yoru-san once she pulled out her black sword. It was a treasured sword she won against a princess of a certain country.

“Come to me, o sword who brings the truth out. ANSWERER!”<br />Answerer, was the other name of that famous sword that was brought into this world that came from a different world. Its other name is Fragarach.<br /><br />Yoru-san jumped up and she intercepted Kongou who was in the process of removing the trap wires.<br />This time, no one can win against her.

<p style="text-align: center;">'''[[User:Arvin30p||---|]]'''</p>

<br />Natsuki is one good kid. I admit that he is as good as his father, but…

“Who are the ones who hurt my nephew?”<br />Kongou immediately felt the freezing aura that I unconsciously show. I guess I have managed to pick up Aoi-san’s methods about threatening an opponent.<br />“I am Yoru Raven. I won’t let anyone hurt my nephew anymore.”<br />And the two who was in front of me froze at the words I said.

“Raven… Yoru Raven, the enforcer!? No!” Kongou screamed as she fires at me.<br />Even if she was a battleship, since I have developed my own techniques and learned how to use the sword, even a fast bullet can be cut in half if I apply force. And so, I split all the bullets she fired into two.

I can see from Matsu’s eyes that I was some kind of a monster which is prepared to devour its prey as I slowly get closer to them.<br />“Get away. We don’t want to deal with you guys anymore. Please spare my life!”<br />Even so, I really wanted to kill him with my own hands. But due to the nature of my agreement with Hiro-san, all I can do is incapacitate him. Of course Kongou surrendered once she saw that there is no way of winning at all. And so, when everything is clear I dialed a number on my phone and called the healer who seemed to be hugging Hiro-san from a distance.

And then, I looked at Natsuki who is now sleeping. Normally, I would panic at this site but the healer did her job of transmitting long distance healing. It was due to the pendant’s effect.

“If Arare-san is quite industrious enough to heal him, I wonder if I can ask her to give me a charm too.”

And thus slowly, Arare who was on the other side of the phone started to regrow Natsuki’s missing arm and after a few moments, there were no traces of him being hurt.

“Thanks Arare-san, Could you make a space for me when I returned?”<br />And with everything is said and done. I slowly vanished into the darkness of the shadows.



==Side Story: What she saw last night==


Isonami heard that the 2 Admirals were fighting at the rooftop. She immediately went to the back of the building and she saw the Admiral fell from the rooftop.

Isonami thought that the person would die in the end. And thus her troubles would be lessen, but even so; she felt that she wanted to apologize to that person because she knows that he is helping them overcome the trauma she is experiencing right now. But even so, seeing that person who was close to death is not a good experience at all.

But Isonami saw a miracle. She saw a beautiful lady catches Admiral Natsuki and from there she felt relieved that it’s safe. But she noticed something was strange.

“Is that Mikazuki? But why is she older than the usual?”<br />But Isonami can only speak of these words inside her head. And when she heard the name Yoru, her thought froze and remember one story about the name Yoru.

'''[There is one Yoru in this world and that person is also known as the Enforcer. She is responsible of setting the world into order in accordance to the will of Admiral Raven.]'''

“To think she would appear here now means that the Commander is a special person.”<br />And Isonami watches as Yoru and Natsuki have a talk to one another.

Isonami felt the cold wind blowing as Yoru pulls out a sword out of nowhere. Isonami definitely felt the danger if she ever anger such a person.

And so, Isonami just watches on Natsuki as his wounds slowly closes due to a charm.

And Isonami watches on until the Admiral is fully healed.<br />

==Chapter 5: The 3rd Generation==


I woke up the next day and I was sleeping in the infirmary to where Takao is waiting for me to wake up. It seems that I made her worry too. Takao told me that someone told her to go at the back of the Admin building and when she went there, she saw me sleeping on the ground.

“Oh right, I was not alone when I carried you here.” Takao spoke as she feeds me some apple.<br />Last night, I saw Isonami’s shadow hiding in the wall which happened to be Yoru-san’s blind spot. But since Yoru didn’t say anything, it only meant that it’s not someone that warrants danger<br />“Was it Isonami?” I asked as I finished munching the apple.<br />Takao nodded and it seems that I was not hated anymore.<br />“By the way, what happened after I sent you that voice recording?” I asked Takao after remembering what I did when I was still awake.<br />“I didn’t use it and I have no plans of broadcasting this. For me, I have decided to leave that man behind. And we all have agree to that even though Kongou seems to have convinced some of them. But in the end, they want to break free from that cycle.”<br />Somehow, I realized that Takao did that as her final gift towards that asshole who seemed to have not learned his lesson. Anyways, I haven’t heard any news about him from Yoru-san at all.<br />“By the way, where is he and that Kongou?”<br />“Sadly, we lost sight of them. I guess they have escaped when they got the chance.”

Somehow, I was annoyed to the fact that I will have to face him in the future but given the fact that I still have to do something about this means that I won’t be lazy again until they have arrived.

“Oh I almost forgot!” I exclaimed as I have a realization. “Takao, can you lend me your ears for a sec?”<br />And after that, I think I can finally close this case once and for all.

<p style="text-align: center;">
</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">'''|---|'''</p>


I was summoned to go at the Admiral’s office. Takao-san said that it was urgent and I have to do it now. And so, I went while carrying a bit of myself towards that office. As of now, I no longer fear the Commander since he sincerely respected us and he promised that he won’t ever treat us badly again.

As I open the door, there is one voice that greeted me.

“Come in.”

It was a voice I am comfortable with. Afterall, he has regain our trust and now, we are willing to follow him no matter where he takes us. Just so you know, I am the only one who knows his secret. Maybe he doesn’t even know it too. But it’s fine, in time he will know about it and he will have to act about that in accordance to what his name carries.<br />Anyways, I entered the room and faced the man who will later on become a legend of his own. However, even the man known as the Raven will never know how big this Admiral will become in the future.

And so, while the opportunity is right, I made a courteous entrance and entrusted my life to the person who have first saw me… as who I am.

“I am Isonami, reporting for duty for today.”

<p style="text-align: center;"></p>

<p style="text-align: center;">|---|</p>


Isonami enters the room with a smile on her face and she greeted me as she becomes the fleet secretary. Of course some of the duties were still carried over by Takao who seemed to want her desk job better so to compromise with her. Isonami will be the secretary once a week and Takao in the rest of the week. But even so, all the work will most likely goes to Takao. But I think she didn’t mind at all. Afterall, she told me that I might have my own reasons for picking up Isonami. I still don’t know what that reason is. But she really reminds me of Aunt Isana who once a week goes to our house kowtowing to my mama to let her borrow my papa.

For that reason alone, I always wonder what if Isana-san found a lover and decided to get married… but rather than that, the only reason I can find for picking Isonami is that I really like her from the moment I saw her. Maybe I just find her cute and endearing.

Anyways, Shirayuki apologized to me the other day when I met her on the hallways, it seems that she really cared about Isonami after that incident. Anyways, we are already buddies now but she doesn’t want others know about it. Akatsuki on the other hand started talking to me. I guess this young lady is opening up way better than the rest but I guess that is fine. After all, girls like them are worth protecting them.

As I think of things through, I really wonder what the great Hiro Raven did to protect the ones he called his friends, family and lovers. I guess I will never know, but it seems dad is in such a situation so maybe asking from him might help a bit. Though the pink haired mama will think that I will truly head down my father’s path. As I was saying, I finally made Mikazuki and she truly resembles Yoru-san and deep in my heart I call Mikazuki Yoru-chan in respect for my savior. But then, when Mikazuki heard that rumor; she steered out of my way for a week until I finally apologize to her. Afterall, she knows how great the name Yoru to her and it seems that all of them aim to be called Yoru someday.

And after that, we finally cleared Kis Island operation and managed to proceed clearing the rest of the way, even though I was only operating as an admiral for around a month and a half, I finally made progress and I managed to get back on track. As a result I am expected to get some rewards after this, but as far as I am concerned, the fleet is still incomplete. There are still holes left made by the retired Admiral Matsu who vanished one day. It seems that rehab work will take longer. But the mood and morale around here is recovering at a steady pace. I guess this is an improvement if Takao would hear my thoughts. But now, the main trouble is done. And time for us to have our very own summer break.

Now that I think of it, this is the season my dad have to hide most of the time. I wonder if I will be alright.
<br />

==Side Story: Adult’s story==


Hiro closes the memo pad he is holding at that moment.<br />“Good Job Master.”<br />Hiro’s Wife or Akari is currently pouring ice tea over the glass and he started drinking it. On his left is Arare who is still holding his arm and on his back is Yoru who is still not finished hugging him. To Akari, it was an everyday occurrence to whoever visits her husband. Of course this was the best course of action instead of giving them the freedom to do any deed that would create an uncertainty into the flow of time.<br />“But even so… Arare, Yoru-san, when will you two go back home? And Yoru, you live at the next to us. You can actually go home right?”<br />Yoru paid no heed as she ignores the banters of Akari who seemed to be a bit annoyed.<br />“But I haven’t seen Hiro-nii for a long time. Of course I wanted to get some Hiro-energy for me to go on.” Arare Protested as she sqeezes Hiro’s arm.<br />Hiro understood that things might develop badly if he carelessly said something so he stayed quiet as he continues sipping his tea.

Yoru finishes recharging her Hiro-energy and breaks away from the Admiral and took a cup of tea and drink from it. From the looks of things it seems that there was an emergency since Yoru is still around.

“Anyways, I have notified that Matsu and his associate Kongou have escaped. I didn’t tracked them down this time due to the limits of the commands administered to me and I haven’t hugged Hiro-san for the past 6 hours.” Yoru stated her report while caressing Hiro’s hair.<br />“What an unreliable bunch. But anyways, thanks for the report. For now, Admiral Matsu is not a threat and we can leave surveillance on our drone operators. Arare, why are you still here by the way?”<br />Arare removes her grip and stood up as she pulls out a scroll from her hat.<br />“I came here to deliver this. Fuu-san wants to have a baby now it seems.”<br />Akari grinned after hearing the name Fuu from Arare’s mouth. It seems that it’s always a big trouble whenever Arare delivers a message since she always visits Fuu’s residence in the edge of the town.<br />“Not now, she can wait for at least another 30 years.” Akari replied while making a facepalm<br />“She will not accept it anyways.” Arare retorted as she showed Akari a picture of a room filled with baby stuff.<br />“What a pain this woman is… Hiro-san, go visit her later and punish her.” Akari replied as she closes the picture.

Arare felt that it was unnecessary for Hiro to walk there, but since the wife have agreed at some point, she can guess that she can also request an offspring or two. But now is not the time since she is here for a more important announcement.<br />“Anyways, I am here to tell you that a business rival has appeared.”<br />To Arare, the presence of a business rival meant that there will be quite changes in the flow of things happening around.<br />“I see. So the Phoenixes have their eyes on us. Was it a merger plan?” Akari replied while looking at the data.<br />“No. Rather, they wanted to crush us.” Arare replied as she sits on Hiro’s lap.<br />Akari felt irritated, but now is not the time for her to feel that way since there is an important work to do.<br />“Anyways Master, when should we act?”<br />“Tonight. Let’s crush them before they even start to grow roots.”<br />“Alright. With Master’s order, we will mobilize tonight and we need all possible com…”<br />“We only need 5 to destroy them. Don’t worry. I have a plan already.” Hiro interrupts as he disclose his plans this early.<br />“So the five are…”<br />“Yes, it will be Akari, Aoi, Yoru, Arare and I who would do enough damage to them. Arare, can you contact Fuu that we will come tomorrow?”<br />“Oh right.”<br />Arare picks up her phone and contacted Fuu.

“Yoru, contact Yuu-san; I wanted to hear the Lady Boss’ words.”<br />“Alright.”<br />Yoru picks up her phone and calls Yuu-san.

“Akari, where is Aoi?” Hiro asks as he looks around.<br />“She is with Suzu. I think she went to the market to buy some meat.”<br />“Let’s tell her later.” Hiro replied as he looks at the time table<br />“Alright.”<br />And so, at the face of a new adversary, the adults will do their work too to make sure that the world order is restored.

Later that night…<br />“The Raven has a chick.” A girl wearing Cheongsam reported as she walks inside the room.<br />“Let’s send out baby dragon there too to crush him.” A man in his old age replied.<br />“Will it be alright?” The girl in cheongsam replied.<br />“While I don’t know if we can survive fighting the Ravens on their territory. The chick however, has no knowledge of his roots. So defeating the chick will be a bargaining chip for us.” The Old man replied.<br />“Shall I call for her then?” The Girl in Cheongsam inquired.<br />“No need, I have send her there already. Even if we lose, if the young phoenix survives, it will be our victory from here on.”<br />And so, with the adults manipulating things in the dark; a new character appears.


“So we finally met… The chick of the Ravens.”

Later that night the Phoenix’s headquarters was destroyed.<br />

==Epilogue:==


Summer has finally started and the base is currently on the break. But despite the term break, I am still working at this office while Isonami is busy tending to my needs

“Too many work. Anyways Isonami, aren’t you going out today?” I asked Isonami while stamping the important documents.<br />“Well, it’s fine. I’ll be there later when you have finished your work.” Isonami replied as she places all the documents into the shelves.

Takao is currently having a good time at the beach so she is currently can’t be bothered to do desk work. So Isonami volunteered to do the work in her stead. But even so…

There was only silence inside the room.<br />And as I finished the last piece of work, I noticed an envelope at the desk. This time, it had a different seal. It’s a phoenix seal.

I opened the letter and I read the contents of it.

'''[I challenge you to a fight to the death. Meet me in the beach 5 days from now at 9 in the evening. Bring no one.]'''

For some reason, I felt that something is going to happen for the next five days. And that, it will not be good.

End.
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]