'''Fleet Bloopers: Spring 2016 Edition'''

These are the events that happened behind the spring 2016 Event.



==Preparation chapter:==

Without a doubt, the naval base is in a kind of disarray. But this disarray is a rather pleasant one.

Hiro: Sazanami; how is the steel count?

Sazanami: Good, we are having plenty of steel to last one month if we have gone careless.

Hiro: Careless... Well, we can't be careless anyways. Sazanami; how is our fleet faring?

Sazanami: So far, asides from the Auxiliaries... Aviation cruisers and Destroyers are a priority to level to compensate the harder difficulty.

Hiro: sigh*, that would be difficult to deal with. Anyways, the Aviation Cruisers can be done. But Auxiliaries are rather harder to level per se. Oh well; I can manage this... maybe for the next few months.

Sazanami: Please do some effort this time around Master.

Hiro: Yeah. Anyways, are you ready?

Sazanami: Well, more than ready if you insist.

Hiro: Good.

Sazanami: Well then, let’s hope tomorrow's forecast is great.


==E0==

Currently, the naval base is preparing for the said event.

Hiro: Hmm... Sounds like this time, the higher ups are having a hard time to locate the enemy this time around.

Sazanami: Well, they said that they have to extend their working hours soon.

Hiro: How rare for them to do Overtime. Probably it's because we would need info soon on the things we must expect.

Sazanami: But then, by the time they can deliver the good news... We would be sleeping comfortably in that soft bed.

Hiro: Well... Anyways, while we are still waiting, wanna play an extra round?

Sazanami: Okay.

And the two restarted in playing Chess.


|---|

===E0 Extension.===

It's already 11 in the evening when the two realized that the news didn't came.

Sazanami: No news...

Hiro: Just as I feared. Anyways..., Check.

Sazanami: Master, shall we finish this game soon? I am getting sleepy.

Hiro: Alright. Checkmate.

Sazanami: Eh...

Hiro: Now I am even. Sazanami, let's go now to the room.

Sazanami: I knew that you are planning for that... Master, please take care of me then.

Hiro: alright.

The two went towards the room mentioned by the Admiral.


==Procession of Fools: E1==

'''Prelude:'''

After 40 hours of waiting, they got a confirmation about the enemy and the Admiral decided to strike the iron while it's hot.

Sazanami: Master, We are included in this operation? I see...

Hiro: Well, I just want to put you into good shape whenever you are dealing with enemies.  Asides, your levels are quite high for non-elite Destroyers.

Sazanami: Because Master pesters us to join the naval exercises. That is why we are there.

Hiro: Yup. Anyways..., Samidare has already readied herself right?

Sazanami: yup. She is waiting your orders.

Hiro: good. Anyways..., I better pick a Flagship of the lead team and the Flagship of the escort team.

Sazanami: I guess that is not me then.

Hiro: Yup. Sorry about that.

Sazanami: It's fine. You plan on leveling me and Samidare together... and marrying us together.

Hiro: ...

Sazanami: Anyways, who is the Flagship?

Hiro: The Flagship of the Main Fleet is Nachi, and the Flagship of the Escort Fleet is Naka.

Sazanami: Not Abukuma-san?

Hiro: Abukuma's role will be later, for transport runs.

Sazanami: I see... Master, I better call them now.

Hiro: Please do.

Later on, Sazanami has called the people that will do the operations.


|---|

===Parade of Fools: E1 organization.===

And the fleet is composed of the following people:

Main Fleet:<br />Nachi - Flagship<br />Kinugasa - Member 1<br />Zuihou - Member 2<br />Chiyoda - Member 3<br />Ashigara - Member 4<br />Kako - Member 5

Escort Fleet<br />Naka - Flagship<br />Kazagumo/Maikaze - Member 1<br />Hatsushimo - Member 2<br />Samidare - Member 3<br />Sazanami - Member 4<br />Ushio - Member 5

Ushio: Oh, I am called once more?

Sazanami: Yup anyways, this time around... I will be called an ace.

Samidare: Anyways, The Admiral has prepared a rather a mobile fleet rather than a Heavy fleet.

Sazanami: Now that you mentioned... I wonder if Master is cheapening things out.

Samidare: Saving resources?

Sazanami: I really don't know. He could have used Jun'you-san for this course, but he insisted that he must use Zuihou-san. I am quite intrigued...

Ushio: I guess... He wants to save the best forces to the last area.

Sazanami: Probably. Normally, he would say that plan to me... but he sure takes his time on the information that comes to his side. It felt like he can't advance while being blind.

Samidare: Then, It's our job to make sure he has lesser worries then.

Sazanami: I guess...

Kazagumo: You know what... I will get the MVP... So please give way to me.

Sazanami: Anyways, Kazagumo-san... are you fine with this set-up?

Kazagumo: Yup. Asides, I made a vow that I need to stand on his side... So I will have to get stronger on my own.

Sazanami: I guess it's true. Anyways...

Before Sazanami started speaking, Kinugasa who was watching the Destroyers came to their side and ask them a small question.

Kinugasa: Hey guys... Is it just me or the Admiral is a bit anxious?

Samidare: Anxious... I guess he might be.

Sazanami: Master is always anxious... Anyways, is it fine if your are not the Flagship?

Kinugasa: Well, I complained a bit... But then, Nachi wants to do some action too... I'll let her handle everything then.

Sazanami: How mature of you.

Kinugasa: Because I am older... I am supposed to be a mature person.

Sazanami: Well then, may the best girl wins.

Kinugasa: Alright...

And after their small talk, the Admiral has briefed them about the current situation.


|---|

===Parade of fools: Before the fight===


The Admiral is currently watching things unfold as the team reaches the boss node. The Admiral is currently with Ooyodo who was there to give navigations.

Hiro: Ooyodo, It seems that I might have to sortie you late of this game.k

Ooyodo: Late? Oh well... I am fine with that. Anyways, have you decided on what to do with the rewards?

Hiro: well, an extra landing craft is nice. But it has small use if I don't use 4 of them together.

Ooyodo: So...

Hiro: I plan to make it an amphibious tank.

Ooyodo: I see...

Then there is a beep on the communication device.

Hiro: Hello, are you at the boss?

Naka: Yup. Anyways, It seems that we can finish this operations sooner.

Hiro: I see... Naka, give the comm link to Nachi and I will ask her some questions.

Naka: Roger.

Naka passes the comm device to Nachi.

Nachi: Nachi speaking...

Hiro: Good work up till now. Anyways, I do say I am impressed that you surpass my expectations.

Nachi: it's nothing Admiral. Anyways, I am still inexperience and All of my exploits were due to the weapons I carry with me.

Hiro: I see... anyways, take care and bring home the bacon. Oh, pass it to Kinugasa.

Nachi: alright. Kinugasa, The Admiral wants to talk to you.

Kinugasa: Me?

Nachi nods in agreement.

Kinugasa grabs the comm device and she started speaking.

Kinugasa: Hiro~ I miss you already. Please treat me to something later.

Hiro: ...

Kinugasa: Anyways, what is the matter Admiral?

Hiro: Anyways, Good work you put out there.

Kinugasa: Oh! Thanks, I am making sure that I do well so that i will not lose to the Carriers

Hiro: I guess so. Anyways, I will treat you later.

Kinugasa: Okay.

Kinugasa ended the call.

Kinugasa: wait... does anyone want to talk with the Admiral?

The others who were waiting for their turn sighs after the call was ended... They all ended up looking forwards at the enemy formation.

Nachi: Now is not the time for that. Everyone, In your positions!

Others: Yes Ma'am!!!

Everyone returns to their position and brandished their guns as they move closer to the enemy fleet, after Nachi said her command; the fleet gripped to their guns and they started firing at the enemy fleet, signalling the beginning of the their last sortie.


|---|

===E1 Aftermath===




====Main fleet====

Later on, the fleet has finished clearing the first map of the operations. Soon after, the fleet was summoned to return to the base for debriefing.

In the end, the battle was immediately decided after the Initial airstrike and the boss was simply defeated after one torpedo bomber successfully landed a hit to the boss.

Meanwhile...

Zuihou: Phew. This sure ended so fast. Chiyoda-san, Do you have plans later-on?

Chiyoda: well... I have none. But it seems the Admiral might have to use us in the later rounds.

Zuihou: Later rounds... Oh well, It can't be helped...

Ashigara: Later rounds? I am excited to defeat them...

Nachi: Yeah. I also crave for one more battle...

Kako: zzz...

Kinugasa: Oh these fighting idiots. Anyways, Kako, why do you sleep despite cruising above water?

Kako: ...zzz

Kinugasa: Talking to someone who falls asleep is futile. I guess Hiro needs to level Furutaka soon.

Nachi: Anyways, Why is it that Kinugasa-san was being highly favored by the Admiral, why not our cute little sister Haguro-chan?

Ashigara: Yeah... I wonder. Kinugasa-san, tell us how can we make the Admiral notice Haguro's pure intentions?

Kinugasa: None. Afterall, I will block it. You two, why do you try so hard to match-make Haguro?

Nachi: Because we don't want her to be sad since we are surely not being attractive enough...

Ashigara: And Haguro might have been ashamed for someone like me, who has been dubbed a hungry wolf, due to the fact that I hunt guys every day.

Kinugasa: Such hopeless people... Listen, in order to have a great partner... one important thing to be considered is looks. Though Kako fails in almost all aspects, she is fine since she is a lesbian.

Ashigara: Lesbian?

Nachi: What is a lesbian?

Kinugasa facepalms...

Zuihou: that sure is an interesting topic for them...

Chiyoda: It's fine for me not to listen...

Zuihou: Anyways, what is a lesbian?

Chiyoda: Not you too...

Chiyoda and Kinugasa had a hard time explaining the term towards the pure people.





====Escort Fleet====

Due to the fact that Kazagumo's morale has been ht since she has to escort someone back to base, Maikaze was sent to fill the role Kazagumo left behind.

Maikaze: It feels like I grew stronger...

Samidare: Sometimes, you never knew who would get the MVP... Anyways, congratulations Maikaze-san...

Maikaze: Thanks. Anyways...

Naka who was energetic a few hours ago was a bit lethargic.

Naka: Ah...

Samidare approaches Naka.

Samidare: Naka-san? Is there something wrong?

Naka: Well... it's a bit complicated.

Samidare: I see. Can I listen for the meanwhile?

Naka: Alright... Samidare-san, what will you feel that the person you love the most has spent less time with you?

Samidare: Oh... in fact, I am also feeling it too... But, I have resolved myself to do the utmost of my duties so that he will not worry about me since I am a clumsy girl.

Naka: How lucky. Anyways... I missed that person so much.

Samidare: Well... It can't be helped since Naka-san is an idol. Being with him is forbidden and I think you have to keep your life open to all too... but then Naka-san, are you willing to quit being an idol?

Naka: I...

Maikaze cuts-in to the conversation

Maikaze: Well, Naka-san sure likes to dance... I doubt she will quit.

Sazanami: Asides, Master told me that Naka shines so bright whenever she is dancing.

Ushio: Me... I like Naka-san when she is dancing the stage... Naka-san, do you dislike dancing already?

Hatsushimo who was quietly looking at Naka realized something.

Naka: I don't hate dancing... It more of, I came to like it because of that one person...

Hatsushimo: And now, you are unsure because he rarely comes to your activities...

Naka nodded in agreement.

Sazanami: such an Idiot of an idol. Naka-san, he is not your world... there are a lot of fans out there... Please look forward. Please see us too... we are also your fans.

Naka: guys...

Sazanami: Asides, he is a jerk for forgetting to visit your activities lately... He needs to recieve a divine punishment!

Naka: We don't need to reach to that conclusion. I am an Idol. And making everyone smile is supposed to be my Job. I will stand up, and I will once more serve everyone as an Idol!

Samidare: that is the spirit. By the way, who was this person you speak of?

Naka: it's a secret.

Sazanami: I hope he hurt his hand or something for neglecting you.

After Sazanami's remarks, Hatsuhimo imagines the Admiral getting hurt in the process.

Later on, the Admiral fell from his chair for no reason at all.


==Intermission 1: Back to the days...==

The Admiral is drinking chocolate back on his office when a certain person approached him.

Hiro: That was fast... say, how was the trip?

Sazanami: Master, it seems that we have it easy in the first map.

Hiro: Indeed... that map was pretty easy despite that Medium difficulty. Say, would you like to do it on hard instead?

Sazanami: I do not mind. By the way, why did you hesitate on that part?

Hiro: I don't want to deal with Aircraft Carrier Princess this early...

Sazanami: Oh... So she was there...

Hiro: Yup. But, I don't have the liberty to waste much resources since I have to allocate some to the farming people.

Sazanami: Hmm... Master, you looked quite happy nowadays, Was there a reason?

Hiro: Well, you are back... that's it. Welcome home.

Sazanami: I am back. Please take care of me from this moment on.

Hiro: I will...

And the operation continues.


==E2 - You can (not) Advance==

'''''*Disclaimer: This is literally the one of the three hell maps this event has offered. Believe me, clearing this with incomplete equipments is a pain.'''''

Prep chapter.

The Admiral has assembled a small task force in preparation to clear a certain area.

Hiro: Now then folks, I will put Satsuki as our Flagships; any questions?

One hand was raised...

Abukuma: Admiral, I wonder why did you make her our captain? I mean she is weak and she is...

Hiro: Abukuma: First of all, I believe that most of you here have the capability to carry a landing craft, am I right?

Abukuma: Yes...

Hiro: Also, some of you here has the ability to carry WG42, am I right?

Abukuma: Yes.

Hiro: Lastly, we have someone who can carry the Type 3 shells and believe me, they are pretty dependable in these situations. Any complaints?

Abukuma: None.

Hiro: Well then, the reason Satsuki is the Flagship is because she is indeed fragile. Well, she is a Mutsuki-class Destroyer and her Armor isn't that much. Satsuki and I has discussed this over and over until I actually convinced her...

Abukuma: Convinced? Wait, if Satsuki is not the Flagship, who could it be?

Hiro: Well, I plan on letting the DDs take it from here, but my second choice would be you.

Aboukuma: I see...

Hiro: Any questions?

Nobody raised their hands

Satsuki: I really appreciate the effort commander, but with this, you might make Mikazuki mad at you.

Hiro: Actually...

The Admiral looks at the door and sees Mikazuki emanating an aura of jealousy.

Satsuki: Well... I will go. Everyone! Follow me!

Satsuki and the gang went out of the office to make their way towards the operations map.


|---|

===The pillboxes.===


Satsuki currently looks at the map provided.

Satsuki: Hmm... Abukuma-san, do you know where is this?

Abukuma: Looks like we have to make a round trip on the island while we are avoiding the battleship infested waters down there. Anyways, how is the battle?

Satsuki: Well, since I am so weak, I really can't do this much at all... But, thanks for covering for me.

Abukuma: I am your senpai indeed...



Later on they passed the Heavy Cruisers area and the PT imps node and they arrive at the Destination.

Abukuma: ...

Satsuki: These were our enemies? The turret imps? sounds like a pain already. everyone, let's do this!

And the fight broke out.

|---|

===The Supply front.===


The team arrives at the Boss area and they saw a familiar figure

Supply Depot Princess: My gathered... materials... I will not let you..have them..!

Satsuki: (Oh no, why is she here!?)

Abukuma: (We have no Idea that she is here...)

Chitose: Hmm...

Myoukou: This is no time for us to be startled by this boss. everyone, let's hit her hard.

Others: Yeah!!!

And the fight broke out and this time The Supply Depot Princess is making things hard for the fleet.

|---|

===Turning point 1:===


Hiro: Tch, this is harder than I thought and it doesn't helps at all when we are short in equipments.

Satsuki: Indeed...

Hiro: Well then, Time to bring in a veteran who had faced that monstrosity a lot of times.

Satsuki: Really?

The door opens and a menacing aura runs inside the office.

Hiro: Yuudachi, Sorry to call you this early. Things got a bit out of hand.

Yuudachi: Don't mind it Admiral. You just call the right person for the job-poi.

Satsuki: Yuudachi-san, Is it true you have countless encounters with the Supply depot Princess?

Yuudachi: That is true, though...

Yuudachi whispers some words in Satsuki's ear and Satsuki glared at the Admiral.

Hiro: From the looks of things, you are thinking 'what a slave driver.' right?

Satsuki: ...

Hiro: Anyways, with everyone is here... Let's hit them hard one more time.

All: OOOHHH!!!

|---|

===Aftermath of the endless battles with the supplies===


Satsuki and her team managed to defeat the boss and they managed to secure the second area and they are currently on the way back towards the naval base.

Satsuki: Phew... Finally I can rest. That was something.

Myoukou: Indeed... By the way, how did we manage to get Air Superiority despite the load-out of Chitose-san?

Chitose: Oh right! The Admiral has given me a second fighter plane squadron saying that he needs to make sure no one gets hurt by the bombs.

Myoukou: I see...

Then, there is a call coming from the comm device. Satsuki picked the line.

Satsuki: Hello!

Hiro: Oh yeah, Can you tell Myoukou, Ooshio and Yuudachi that after they take a rest; they need to go to the meeting room later on. It's for preparation for the Third operation.

Satsuki: Roger! By the way commander, Did you and Mikazuki made up already?

Hiro: Well, thankfully... she seems to be interested to carry drums in the next operations.

Satsuki: Drums? Is that a transport task force job?

Hiro: Yup. Also, she said that she might forgive me if...

The line was cut by no reason.

Satsuki: ...

Myoukou: By the way, what was with that call?

Satsuki: Myoukou-san, Ooshio-san and Yuudachi-san; you are being summoned by the commander after this.

Myoukou: I see...

A few moments later, the fleet arrives at the naval base where the Admiral was waiting for him. Satsuki noticed the bite marks on his hands. But Satsuki didn't ask the Admiral about that.


==Intermission 2: The moon and the Admiral's Flirting sessions.==

The Admiral is currently calling Satsuki when Mikazuki tripped the line.

Mikazuki: ...

Hiro: oh well...

Mikazuki: Are you perhaps...

Hiro: Nope. Asides, there is no way I can scold a cute girl like you.

The Admiral suddenly carries Mikazuki and he placed her in his lap.

Mikazuki: Commander, is this alright? I mean, we are still in operation right?

Hiro: Indeed. But let me grope you a bit...

The Admiral caresses Mikazuki's hair and he slowly reaches Mikazuki's shoulder.

Mikazuki: Commander...

Hiro: I can't control myself... Mikazuki, Please for- GYAA!!!

Mikazuki grabbed the Admiral and she bites his hand.

Mikazuki: ...

Mikazuki lets go of his hand and she faces him while she is sitting on his lap.

Mikazuki: Nn... Where in the world are you touching? Jeez...!

Hiro: Sorry... but that bite is so powerful... I thought you gotta chop my hand off with that alone.

Mikazuki: Sorry... but are you okay now... Are you not being bewitched?

Hiro: Well... Asides from you bewitching me, I am fine. Anyways...

Mikazuki kisses the Admiral's lips and after that she alights from the Admiral's lap.

Hiro: I see...

Mikazuki: Well... I didn't tell you that I do not like being touched by that much... But I am fine with being kissed and such.

Hiro: Oh well... I guess I can do something about that nature of you. (And eat you when I have the chance) Anyways, let's greet them. They are arriving soon.

Mikazuki: Roger.

The two went out of the office to wait for the arriving fleet.


==E3 - An new old enemy==

The Admiral wasted no time and he immediately formed a transport Task force with Mikuma as the Flagship and Mogami in the main fleet, The Main fleet also carries Veriny (Hibiki), Satsuki, Mikazuki and Makigumo. The Escort fleet consists of Yuudachi, Kasumi, Abukuma, Ooshio, Myoukou and Chikuma (not CAV)

Hiro: Well then, the mission is pretty simple. In order for us to get closer to the Airbase, we need to clear the picket lines made by the light cruisers, torpedo cruisers and Destroyers in order for us to transport our resources and to initiate a raid on that part.

Mikauma: Umm... Admiral, May I ask why did you picked me?

Hiro: well... I am planning of using my Better Aviation Cruisers in the late maps; that’s it.

Mikuma: I see...

Hiro: Don't worry though. This mission is quite difficult despite being an easy mission. You will never know who you will meet along the way.

Mikuma: what do you mean?

Hiro: If I am not mistaken, there are some submarines there and some Torpedo boats, but then... The guys in HQ said that they spotted a new boss in these waters. Be careful just in case.

Mikuma: I see...  Thanks for the info.

Hiro: Well then. Without wasting any breath, let's raid that area. Pronto!

And the team left the office to start their departure.

|---|

===The slowness of times.===


The fleet has managed to pass every enemy fleet they encounter along the way.

Mikuma: Mogamin, what do you think is the reason why the Admiral has chose us?

Mogami: well, relying on my previous sorties, he tends to use Aviation Cruisers if he doesn't want to deal with something troublesome...

Mikuma: Troublesome? What do you mean?

Mogami: Well...

Mikazuki: Commander told me the reason, though he said that I should never share it to others, Oh well... I might tell you what are the things he wants to avoid then.

Mikuma: Like what?

Mikazuki: by using 2 Aviation cruisers, he can avoid dealing with the submarines in the area and the Air base that is quite close from here.

Mikuma: Airbase?

Mikazuki: Airfield Princess if I remember... she has nasty land based bombers by the way.

Mikuma: I see... so he is prioritizing our safety too.

Mikazuki: Oh by the way, by doing that, he is sure that we will have enough ammunition and fuel when you reach the boss area. Thus increases our survival chance and a chance in defeating the boss.

Mikuma: I see. You sure are close with the Admiral.

Mikazuki: Well, I am one of his lovers anyways...

Mikuma: Lovers?

Mogami: Mikuma, I detect an enemy vessel up ahead. Prepare for battle.

Mikuma: Oh. I am coming.

And the fight begins.

|---|

===The Destroyer Ancient Demon===


Destroyer Ancient Demon: Guess what.....You are making such a useless thing......What's the point of it!    

Mikuma: She is guarded by the Ne-class Heavy Cruiser. But then... the rest are quite easy to defeat. Mogamin, let's send out our Zuiuns to their direction.

Mogami: Well then...

The two released a spawn of zuiuns in the way.

Mikuma: Prepare for battle.

Soon the Abyssal boss launches an initial torpedo towards the escort fleet.

Abukuma: Torpedo strike?

The escort fleet was able to avoid the Torpedo and they proceed in defeating the boss which is right in front of them.

|---|

===The wrath of an ancient power===


Destroyer Ancient Princess: [---] <strike>(this part will be filled later)</strike>

Mikuma: This is bad; it seems she has evolved into a princess...

Mogami: Yeah. From the looks of it, we are in beat down...

The Destroyer Ancient Princess fires off a torpedo and it hits a member of the escort fleet.

xxx: Ugh.

Abukuma: Why are you doing this?

Destroyer Ancient Princess: Can't you see... I am just doing this to prevent you guys in getting close to the Airfields.

Yuudachi: Well, looks like we have to make sure that we will manage to get it in our hands then-poi.

Destroyer Ancient Princess: Interesting. I like your spirit. You are way better than that Destroyer Princess...

Yuudachi: ?

Abukuma: Let us return the favor of defeating you too.

Ooshio: Me too...

Mikuma: I too.

Mogami: Well... I am in.

Destroyer Ancient Princess: well then, I hope you are ready for a beat down from your truly.

And the battle has begun

|---|

===Aftermath:===


In the end, the fleet didn't managed to kill the boss, but the transport mission was a success that the enemy decided to retreat.

Abukuma: Phew. This is quite tough.

Mikazuki: Indeed.

Then, there was a pillar of light that appear in front of the fleet. Inside of that, a girl suddenly appeared.

Mikuma: Oh... It must be the reward...

Mikuma slowly closes herself with the girl who was currently unable to speak.

Mikuma: Do not worry... you will remember everything later.

The girl nodded in agreement as if she knew what Mikuma meant.

Then Mikuma supported her and she she calls the attention of all the members of the Fleet.

Mikuma: Everyone. Let's return home.

The tired team agreed and they didn't waste a second to prepare and the fleet immediately flee back towards the base which they consider as home.


==Intermission 3: An Abyssals worry==

The Destroyer Ancient Princess managed to flee from her pursuers and she headed back to the nearest Abyssal base to where Abyssals like her gathers.

Destroyer Ancient Princess: Phew. I managed to get out alive.

Then a certain girl with long hair greets her.

xxx: Thanks for the work, though I must say that the fleet you faced was only a second rate, you managed to give them a hard time.

Destroyer Ancient Princess: I am slightly pissed that the fleet is just a second rate. What the hell their Admiral is thinking!?

xxx: My, you see... he is somewhat bound to the rules... that is why he can't really send his best ships around. You know, it's a limitation from his higher ups.

Destroyer Ancient Princess: Tch. But you know what; there is one girl that interests me. She reminds of the Current Destroyer Princess when she is fighting, less the gloomy aura around her.

xxx: Hmm... So you have found a prospect to beat, Nice of you.

Destroyer Ancient Princess: Anyways, where is our dear Admiral?

xxx: Well, he said that he will be here soon. Anyways, have you ever thought the reason why we are born in this world?

Destroyer Ancient Princess: I have no idea... Probably to rule the land and the sea and the air.

xxx: Hmm...

Then they heard a voice coming out from the darkness.

ooo: That is because you are all born to do a big part towards our domination. The way that the humans will acknowledge us as something superior and they will bow down to our might.

Destroyer Ancient Princess: I see... Anyways, I am back Admiral Zero.

Zero: Welcome home my Princess. Anyways, Lycoris-kun... Be prepared. He might have to go to your place soon.

Lycoris Princess: Really!?

Zero: Knowing him, he will have to get the third airfield so that he can securely defeat the obstacles in the last area.

Lycoris Princess: So what should I do?

Zero: Knowing him, he will bring his strong forces soon. All I need you to do is to stall a lot of time. So that he is forced to bring his best people.

Lycoris Princess: Eeehhh... That is boring.

Zero: Well, the main event hasn't even started. If he loses his hope fighting you, then there is no chance for him to defeat Central Princess with that force.

Lycoris Princess: I see. Anyways, can I take a trophy or two?

Zero: If you can, then I will allow you. But knowing him, it's impossible.

Lycoris: Alright.

Lycoris Princess has made herself move along with the small island she made with the abyssal she made as the base.

Zero: Princess, let’s go to our Honeymoon tonight.

Destroyer Ancient Princess: Yes Admiral.

The Abyssal Admiral carried the Abyssal Destroyer and he went towards the make shift room inside the abyssal base. There was a fierce battle between the two after that.


==E4 - A visit to the pretty annoying enemy==

The Admiral is currently making a small briefing about the matter.

Hiro: well then, let me cut the slack and let's go to official business. Today's objective is to take this small settlement here and to establish a checkpoint there. Also, this will serve as our marker towards the next operations. Any questions?

Naka raises her hand and she is immediately called by the Admiral.

Naka: Well... I want to be more sparkly and shiny and more popular. Can you let me the Flagship of the escort fleet?

Hiro: Alright. You are the fleet Escort Flagship.

Naka: Eh. That's it!?

Hiro: Honestly, you are the best candidate for that position. Also, I can't give it to Samdiare and Sazanami since they might clash a bit.

Chikuma: Oh my...

Myoukou: Go for it Naka-san!

Naka: I see... (Kyaa! I am so blessed)

Hiro: Anyways, Nachi, you are still the Flagship of the main fleet. Please d your best out there.

Nachi: Alright.

Hiro: Everyone, Bon Voyage

All: Yes Admiral/Commander.

The fleet went out and proceeds to do the next operation.

|---|

===The air raid: Behind the scenes===


The Admiral called Kuro to ask about something.

Hiro: Kuro, How is the Airfield?

Kuro: So far, it's operational as of today. Also, with the land based bombers you have acquired... It became something to be afraid of. Say Hiro, how come you managed to get these things?

Hiro: Well, I managed to clear the transport quest. So it's a matter of time they give it to us. Also... I feared that the worst is true.

Kuro: What is it?

Hiro: We need the support from the third airbase to manage to defeat the last boss.

Kuro: So why are you worried?

Hiro: Because the requirements are a bit sketchy and the enemy fleet is an insane group.

The Admiral has handed Kuro the photos that came from the spy satellite.

Kuro: 2 Battleships, 0ne installation and 3 Destroyers...

Hiro: well, this is pretty absurd no matter where I look.

Kuro: why?

Hiro: It's an airfield... The boss is an airfield.

Kuro: Sh*t.

Hiro: Anyways Kuro, I will worry about it later on. For now, give me the commands.

Kuro: Oh right.

Hiro: well then. Airbase 1, This is the Admiral speaking, I want you to support my girls in the area X. Just like what I briefed you a while ago, Area X is the Battleship Princess' lair.

There was a gibberish reply over the radio but the Admiral understood the message and he gives them the clearance to fly their Land based bombers towards the Area X.

Hiro: Well then Kuro, Can you tell me what are the other things I need to know?

Kuro: Alright.

And Kuro managed to tell the Admiral everything about the air fields before the bombers had return from their trip.

|---|

===The massacre===


The fleet arrives at the area where the Battleship Princess is waiting

Battleship Princess: Greetings. Oh the girl with Pink hair is here. I want to defeat you. My the blue haired Destroyer is also here. How lucky I am.

Sazanami: So you remember...

Samidare: ...

Battleship Princess: Well then... Wait, what is this noise!?

Suddenly a team of Land based bombers arrived and they started wrecking havoc on the area leaving only the battleship Princess which was injured by the airstrike and an escort.

Battleship Princess: What the hell is that? Did you do anything at all?

Sazanami: My. Master is a bit underhanded today. Am I right Samidare?

Samidare: Yup. He said that there is no need for us to worry about her.

Battleship Princess: What do you mean!?

The Battleship Princess noticed that the Carriers have started releasing their planes.

Zuihou: Even with reduced numbers, we're the best!

Zuihou and Chiyoda released battalion of planes towards the Battleship Princess and the lone escort and was immediately wrecked by the Air strike made by the carriers.

Ooi: Become scrap at the bottom of the sea!

Ooi released a Torpedo and damages the wounded Battleship Princess.

Battleship Princess: Ugh!!!

Sazanami: Now you are alone, with nothing that can shield you. Are you prepare to die?

Battleship Princess: NO!!!

Sazanami: Roma-san, if you please.

Roma adjusted her Aim and fires at the damaged Battleship Princess. That alone didn't sink her... But Italia follows up and then The Battleship Princess is no more than a thick wall they demolished.

Naka: I guess this is fine then... (I still pity her that she has to endure all of those attacks all by herself)

Nachi: everyone. Let's move forwards.

And the fleet proceeds towards the Destination.

|---|

===Turning Point 2.===


The battle was quite breezy compared the previous maps, and they managed to close it out and secure the land base and the fleet which was a bit damaged due to the fact that they had faced a stronger version of the Heavy Cruiser Princess, they managed to hold themselves together and Ooi delivered the finishing kill towards the weakened boss.

Ooi: I do not understand, why am I have to be separated with Kitakami-san!?

Naka: Well... the Admiral says that Kitakami has a different role to play.

Ooi: But why are we separated from one another!?

Naka: Well...

Samidare approaches Ooi and she bows her head in apology.

Samidare: Sorry for not telling you the reason. But the Admiral has told me to keep this a secret from you.

Ooi: What do you mean!?

Samidare: In order for you to perform at your best... He needs you to be separated from Kitakami-san. Thus giving you more power than you usually have.

Ooi: ...

Sazanami: But you know Ooi-san, Master told me that if he used 2 torpedo cruisers... We might have been redirected to another path which will be disadvantageous to us all.

Ooi: I see...

Samidare: Ooi-san?

Ooi: I understand that this is his way of training me to be able to stand beside Kitakami-san. You two, please give my regards to the Admiral. I appreciate his help.

Samidare: Yeah...

Sazanami: ...

Naka: Anyways, Lets head home already! Everyone is being called by the Admiral.

Samidare: Okay.

Sazanami: Alright.

Ooi: yeah...

And the fleet has safely returned home.


==Intermission 4: The power of two.==

Ooi returns with a downcast face as she enters the dorm room to where Kitakami is reading a book.

Kitakami: Ooi-chi. Welcome back.

Ooi: I am home.

Kitakami: What's wrong? Is there something wrong with today's mission?

Ooi: Nothing in particular. It's just that... Uwaah!

Ooi started crying.

Kitakami: Wait. Why are you crying!? What's the matter!? Ooi-chi, did someone hurt you? Is it the Admiral's fault? Or is it Abukuma? or could it be that the Destroyer shrimps has hurt you!? Ooi-chi, please tell me who hurt you!?

Ooi: The Admiral...

Kitakami: What is the reason that the Admiral hurts you?

Ooi: Because I can't sortie with you. I can't be with Kitakami-san. I am so lonely all by myself...

Kitakami: (Ah! Now that what is she feeling all these times)

Ooi: I don't know if I am just a burden to Kitakami-san or not. But I really, really want to sortie with you. So Kitakami-san, please convince him to let me...

Kitakami: It's fine Ooi-chi...

Ooi: eh...

Kitakami: Ooi-chi, it will be done. Please put your faith in me.

Kitakami smiles as she wipes the tears that fall from Ooi's eyes.

Ooi: What do you mean?

Kitakami: Well... I was the one who told the Admiral to let us be separated for a while to see if you will grow. But I gues;s I fail. In the end..., I MISS YOU too...

Kitakami embraces Ooi as tears falls from her eyes.

Outside of the room, Kiso is crying to the scene that is happening inside.

And in the opposite side of the window, Umikaze and Kawakaze heard everything the two has said...

Later that day, Ooi and Kitakami became an inseparable pair.


==E5 - Flowers for the dead.==

''*Disclaimer: The name Lycoris is closest term to the name of the flower of Lycoris raidata or commonly known as the red spider lily that bloomed around autumn. Btw, It is commonly seen in cemeteries during that period. Also, E5 is practically the only map where I have to sortie in 15+ to clear it.''



The Admiral is currently looking at the information in his hands as he waits for the selected people to arrive.

Hiro: Well then...

Kumano enters the scene.

Kumano: Did you call for me?

Hiro: Yup. Anyways... it's a serious problem we face as of today.

Kumano: What is it?

Hiro: The enemy is an installation base. It's an airfield too, thus she can be called a Fixed Aircraft carrier with planes flying for long ranges.

Kumano: I see... I better be careful then.

Hiro: Yup. Anyways, I have also summoned our Air defender.

Kumano: Maya-san!?

Hiro: Nope. It's one of the Akizuki-class girls, though I only have one in my disposal.

Kumano: Oh. Hatsuzuki...

Hiro: Anyways Kumano. Take care and please come back in one piece.

Kumano: Alright. Hiro-sama, you worry too much. I am not a kid anymore...

Kumano left the Office to get her equipments ready for the fight.



The fleet composed of the following:

2 Aviation Cruisers Namely Kumano and Tone plus 4 Destroyers namely: Hatsuzuki, Ooshio, Yuudachi and Hatsushimo

The fleet left and they went towards the next operation.

|---|

===The enemy strikes back.===


Hiro: Enemy Air raid!?

Kuro: Looks like the abyssals has discovered our airfield.

Hiro: What should we do!?

Kuro: Since we have no interceptors for these enemies... all we can do is brace for impact.

Hiro: I guess...

Kuro: Incoming!!!

Then there are bombs falling towards the airfields.

Hiro: Strange, They are only attacking those airfields...

Kuro: Indeed.

Hiro: Well then..., Time to strike back.

The Admiral calls the aid of the Land based bombers to bomb the boss area.

|---|

===The Lycoris' rage===


Lycoris Princess: Hm... To do things like floating here...or flying here... What busy folks.    

Hatsuzuki: How intimidating...

Then support Airstrike arrives.

Kumano: Wow.

Lycoris Princess: I am still here you weaklings!!!

Lycoris unleashes her group of planes and they intercepted the incoming bombers.

Somehow, the Land based Bombers can chip her life at few instances.

Kumano: Damn, they are still not enough.

Tone: No time for us to feel defeated...

Kumano: Alright...



Later that battle...

Lycoris Princess managed to survive and managed to injure the whole fleet.

Lycoris: Weaklings... Go back to your Admiral!!!

Kumano: I hate to admit this. She is leagues stronger than us.

Tone: No. We are just incompatible with her since her escorts are already overkill by nature.

Hatsuzuki: Despite my efforts. Damn it!

Kumano: We will return and get you somehow.

Lycoris Princess: I am waiting...

And the fleet tasted Defeat for the first time.

|---|

===Adjustments===


The admiral has known the situation and decided to keep a bit low profile.

Hiro: Well then, I guess I need you guys to keep chipping her life.

Kumano: Then?

Hiro: I will send out my best team to deal with them. Her tyranny must end.

Tone: Admiral, I hate to say this but... do we stand a chance in defeating her!?

Hiro: Honestly, no. But... I can see in your eyes that you want that bitch to take a piece of your power. So Tone, are you willing to kill an abomination named as Lycoris Princess?

Tone: I am willing...

Hiro: Good. Everyone, Do you have the resolve to destroy Lycoris Princess?

Others: Yes!!!

Hiro: then without a doubt, kill her.

The fleet returns back to face their nightmare.

|---|

===Reorganization===


In the course of 10+ boss battles, the fleet managed to whittle down the enemy's life and they are in the last kill.

Hiro: Kumano, wait a bit.

Kumano: Hmm?

Hiro: Please call Fusou and Yamashiro.

Kumano: I see...

Kumano calls the two and they were given instruction to carry type 3 shells.



Hiro: Now then... Fusou and Yamashiro, Along with Tone, Yuudachi, Ooshio and Hatsuzuki I command the 6 of you to bring Lycoris Princess Down.

All 6: Yes Admiral.

Hiro: Well then. Bon Voyage.

The fleet left the office and the Admiral was left with Kumano.

Kumano: Phew. So tired.

Hiro: Good work there.

Kumano: I never felt so tired all of my life. Hiro-sama, you seem to be a bit pissed already!?

Hiro: So you noticed... as far as I can see, the enemy is estimating my forces. So far, I only gave away my Yuudachi and Italia and Roma. But then, the Italians were my 2nd force...

Kumano: So you brought me out to check if they are indeed sizing enemies?

Hiro: Yes. Also, if they are using that tactic, they can have factored that Myoukou is my best Cruiser which is something I have expected of them... but, I managed to hold it all until the moment they introduced Lycoris Princess.

Kumano: So there is someone who is manipulating things in the sidelines.

Hiro: Yeah. But then... It's their fatal flaw...

Kumano: Really!?

Hiro: You see... the moment WE enter the fourth map, we are mitigating the limitations of using ships since all of our destroyers will be useless soon.

Kumano: So what is your plan?

Hiro: Now that I have released the Fusous to their slumber... The enemies will die to their might.

Kumano: What a cruel plan. By the way, why didn't you do Medium or hard in the 4th operation?

Hiro: I hate Ne-class Cruisers... Also, there is no point in doing harder things if we can't defeat them.

Kumano: I see.

Hiro: Well then, time for us to return the favor to the one who manipulates everything in the dark.

The Admiral picks up the phone and calls the air base to prepare to attack.

|---|

===Turning Point 3===


Hatsuzuki: As expected of Battleships, they are strong.

Fusou: Indeed... we are raised by the Admiral himself. Though it seems that he favors Yamashiro more, sigh* such misfortune.

Yamashiro: Nee-sama, it's not what you think. I do not like him... Sigh* Such Misfortune.

Tone: Hatuzuki, though they are battleships, they can also carry Zuiuns, so basically they are called Aviation Battleships.

Hatsuzuki: I see... well then...

Hatsuzuki looks on her left and she saw a familiar face she knows from the past few hours

Hatsuzuki: We are here...

Lycoris Princess: Battleships... nice meal for me.

Yamashiro: So this is the one who the Admiral wants to kill...

Fusou: Yamashiro, calm yourself a bit...

Tone: Anyways..., last words to say?

Lycoris Princess: What Last words!? I will kill you all and live to see tomorrow.

Hatsuzuki: Too bad for you.

then Land based Planes Arrived at the scene.

Lycoris Princess: Futile attacks mean nothing to me!!!

The Lycoris managed to repel the attacks from the Land based bombers

Yamashiro: Now eat this.



Yamashiro releases her squadron of Zuiuns along with Fusou and Tone and Before the planes make a battle, Hatsuzuki does an Anti-air support.

Lycoris Princess: Parity!? Impossible!?

Yamashiro: That strained a lot on our planes... Now prepare to be pulverized.

Lycoris: IF YOU CAN!!! AHAHAHAHA!



As the fight proceeds, the fleet managed to neutralize the enemy fleet and Fusou delivers the final blow to the Lycoris Princess.

Lycoris Princess: It is your win.... the air base has been destroyed... Winning... huh? I see... then maybe surely I... will too.

Lycoris Princess has been defeated and on her ruins, a ship girl was found sleeping.

Yamashiro: ...

Fusou: Yamashiro, Let's take her back home. We won.

Yamashiro: Alright.

And the Yamashiro carries the sleeping girl and the fleet returns to the base.


==Intermission 5: Lycoris' story==

I was a girl with no winning attribute, but the abyssals might have loved my face and my tyranny. I have been wooed by many abyssals to join their side, but only one man has made me feel like I am neither a girl... nor an abyssal.

My commander/Admiral or whatever name I designate of him is a person of incredible strength. I can see in his eyes the terror of the eyes has seen. I can see that he works enough to make sure we are fed despite not needing sustenance. For him, it's his way of making bonds to us abyssal... But nonetheless, his food is tasty enough.



But, he has other things in his mind. I can see it. All I can see is the eyes of a beast that is ready to devour it's next target. And it happened to be the Admiral of the base nearest to us. But it seems he has a hard time dealing with him since the enemy has been holding back his strength since the time we fought.

So I volunteered myself to be of use to him... Well, I did my best to be like that until I realized that all of it was for naught.

In the end, I sunk* With my body in pieces and my pride being crush, all I can see is the starry sky that mocked me for being weak. Ah... I feel like I am leaving soon...

Suddenly, there was a voice from afar.

"So you were defeated..."

It the first time for me to see his face being in pain, despite his fearless face, he shows me his soft side. Ah... I don't wanna die yet. Please let me live one more time...

And then, I closed my eyes... and all I can see is the darkness ahead of me...







And later, I saw the light and I found myself inside the body of a girl and I was carried into a base which I am not familiar with...

And then... I saw him... or rather, someone who looks like him.

Ah, It must be fate. It must be fate that reunited me to that person.

From now on..., I will love him with all I have, no matter who are my enemies are.


==E6 - the path towards the middle is long==

The Admiral wasted no time and he organized a carrier Task force to deal with the situation.

His fleet composed of the following people.

Main Fleet:<br />Akitsumaru - Flagship<br />Fusou - Member 1<br />Yamashiro - Member 2<br />Maya - Member 3<br />Shoukaku - Member 4<br />Zuikaku - Member 5

Escort Fleet:<br />Ooyodo - Leader (replaced by Jintsuu in the Last dance)<br />Yuudachi - Member 1<br />Ooshio - Member 2<br />Ooi - Member 3<br />Choukai - Member 4<br />Harugo - Member 5

Hiro: Well then, without a moment to waste then... let's hit the area.

Others: Yeah!!!

And all of them went out and head towards the location.

|---|

===First time in battle===


Akitsumaru can't shake the feeling of uneasiness of being sent into the battle for the first time.

Akitsumaru: Everyone... I am still a novice so please help me in every step of the way?

Fusou: Don't worry, please leave those matters to our skilled escorts, and do not fret if they can't kill every opponent out there, it's our duty to clean those who were left.

Akitsumaru: I see. Thanks for those consoling words.

Maya: And also, please leave it to me in terms of Air defense. You can count on me!

Shoukaku: Meanwhile, I will be responsible in whittling the enemy numbers, so sit back and give us your orders and insight.

Akitsumaru: Yes!!!

Ooi: Tch. anyways, just make sure that you don't get hit or we will all go home. Got It!

Akitsumaru: YES!!!

Ooyodo: Please do not bully on the newbie.

Choukai: But to see Akitsumaru-san in action is quite rare. I guess the Admiral has plans on letting her become an important asset to us.

Haguro: Indeed...

Akitsumaru: Well, I am weak and I am nothing more but a dead weight to all of you. SO please overlook my incompetency.

Zuikaku: Incompetent!? Please don't make me laugh. When we hit Heavy damage, we are quite useless already. We can't even attack at all. So please do not resort to self-pity.

Akitsumaru: Thanks for the Advice.

Zuikaku: Asides, I want a certain guy who is incompetent enough to notice me once...

Akitsumaru: Don't worry; I will support you and the Admiral

Zuikaku: Idiot. It's not the Admiral I am talking about.

Akitsumaru: Eh!?

Everyone laugh at that instant.

Suddenly, Akitsumaru noticed something.

Akitsumaru: Hm!?

Ooyodo: Looks like the enemy is close.

Akitsumaru: Everyone, on your positions. Let's do this!

Others: Yup.

Everyone nodded in agreement and they faced their opponents.

|---|

===Central powers===


Central Princess: Why... how did you come here... How..?

Akitsumaru: Looks like our team can make it here without getting lost.

Ooyodo: Looks like we are in for some fight

Supply Depot Princess: It's you people once more...

Fusou: And there are two turrets... tch

Yamashiro: I will not let them Hurt Nee-sama.

Choukai: This will be a tough fight...

Yuudachi: well then, time to show them how capable the nightmare of Solomon is.

Central Princess: All of you... will bow down to my Power!

Akitsumaru: Nope. We will eliminate you this time.

And a fight broke out after that exchange of words.

|---|

===Impossible to beat?===


After 4 battles, the team has made a progress but on the 5th up to the 8th, there is a change in the opponent's strength.

Choukai: Tch... She is strong and tough.

Haguro: Indeed.

Hiro: So, you have a hard time too!?

Choukai: Yes Admiral...

Haguro: Me too.

Akitsumaru: Indeed. Admiral, please substitute me to any ship. I think I am now useless in this battle.

Hiro: What the heck are you saying? I will not let your efforts go to waste. But, Ooyodo, I will have to sub you out for now.

Ooyodo: I see... Sorry for not doing the best.

Hiro: Nope. I am sorry to let you fight more than the usual. Anyways, Jintsuu... I order you to close this matter soon.

Jintsuu: Yes Admiral.

Hiro: Well then, take a rest for now and later this afternoon, you will go out and face her once more.

Everyone nodded at his instruction and they all fell asleep due to the fatigue of their heavy sorties.

Jintsuu who was the only one, who has not sortie, takes a seat and meditates on the matters.

|---|

===Turning point 4===


Night battle and Haguro is heavily Damaged. Meanwhile, Choukai is still aiming at the Darkness of the night searching for traces of the Central Princess. Slowly, she calms herself and she clears out all the clutter she has inside of her heart. Those clutters contain her indecisiveness, her shyness and her boorish character. It also contains the memories she has spend with the man she really loves.

Choukai: (for now, I have to forget those times too... Oh well, I will ask him again to bring me out once more for a date.)

Choukai's eyes turned red she surveys the darkness to look and to scout traces of the said enemy.

As soon as she noticed the night recon plane flying on a certain direction, she immediately aims her gun at that space, with Jintsuu keeping her breath in check and the rest waiting for Choukai to shoot at the target, Choukai suddenly sees few memories of her and the guy she always dream of being alone in a certain rainy day... Tears flow from her eyes and a second after... Choukai fires... twice towards the direction opposite of the night scout.

Jintsuu: (looks like we will start once more...)

Suddenly, a voice was heard in the darkness of night.

Rather, a voice crying out in pain as if she was being burned alive.

xxx: No way... I cannot believe it...

And then...

xxx: I see... The reason you are born... huh... I see. I understand what that feels.

With that voice... the fleet knew that their battle is now over...

and as for Choukai, tears flow endlessly as she tries to hide her happiness inside of her.

Choukai: (Thank you... I will never forget this feeling...)

And the fleet decided to go back home.


==Intermission 6: A cruiser in pain==

Choukai was then approached by Maya who was happy about the development.

Maya: Yo. I never have thought that you can finish her. But looks like we are wrong about that, Anyways... Choukai?

Choukai was in the middle of a daze.

Maya: Is there something wrong?

Choukai can't say anything after that.

Maya: Hey. Speak to me!!! Please tell me what you feel right now!?

Then...

Choukai: It's painful... please let it stop.

Maya: How? where? when? Choukai I need to know what is the pain...

Choukai: It's painful that I have forgotten about it already. Maya-chan, Am I like this!? When Did I start to forget those important times?

Maya: So you remembered all of them!?

Choukai: Slowly... But I still can't understand why only now. Do you have any ideas?

Maya: I do know it... But for now, it's not time for you to know it. Asides, the next operation states that you are still needed.

Choukai: I see... I can bear with it.

Maya: If you are sure.

Choukai: Well... it's painful that I have forgotten about them. But those memories are all happy ones. I wonder why they were all sealed... sealed?

Maya: Take it easy Choukai. You will still have to face him.

Choukai: I forgot. I have been a great help to the fleet... I am sure he will praise me and...

Maya: Choukai.

Maya knew that Choukai's happiness is in extremes and she can't do anything at all in this situation. Also, before the fleet finally arrives at the naval base, Choukai managed to get a hold of herself.


==E7 - Do you remember love?==

The next day, the Admiral assembled a Carrier Task force for their last operation.

Hiro: Well then, I will make small changes in the fleet. This time, I will Add Amagi as the Flagship and I will also Add Taihou in the team. Akitsumaru and Maya, you two can take a rest now. The escort fleet consists of Hatsuzuki, Abukuma, Yuudachi, Haguro, Choukai and Haruna.

Haruna: Haruna is included?

Hiro: Yes. So please lend them your support.

Haruna: Thanks Admiral.

Hiro: Anyways, Hatsuzuki will be Flagship of the escort fleet. Please do your best.

Hatsuzuki: I will.

Hiro: Well then, Lets kick them hard!

All: YEAH!!!

And the team heads out towards the open waters.

|---|

===Contact with the enemy===


Central Princess: Once again... you have followed us here huh...? Damn you...!

Amagi: Well then folks... eh!??

Amagi saw Land based bombers approaching the enemy.

Amagi: Wait, I never heard of this!?

Fusou: But still, the scenery looks beautiful.

As the fleet started their idle chit-chat, an Air raid is currently in progress weakening the enemy fleet already.

Amagi: well then, time to do our share...

Amagi operates her planes and all of them went towards one direction... the enemy fleet which was slightly cripples by the airstrike.

Soon, the battles happened and the outcome is very satisfactory to all of them.

|---|

===End of the road===


Night and all of the enemies aside from the Central Princess is alive. Haruna wasted no moment and she gets closer towards the Central Princess, the Central Princess tried to retaliate, but Haruna managed to beautifully dodge the enemy's bullet and disrupt its aim.

Sooner, Haruna Backs a bit and aim a bit higher than the usual. Slowly, Haruna presses the trigger and the boss experiences it's destruction like never before. From Haruna's eyes, all she can see is the fire and smoke her Type-3 shells have created. Haruna's aura despite being a good girl is weird in those time, it could be meant that Haruna's battle instincts were showing in her face as she can't quench her need to destroy.

And As soon as the smoke clears, The Central Princess lets out her final words before being crubled and get sent to the bottom of the ocean

Central Princess: My body's... dissolving.. to that light of the dawn. I too... will be returning to the world... I guess...? Really...? I see... Thank you.    

After that, Central Princess starts to crumble and piece by piece, her armaments falls down and sink into the bottomless abyss. And before the fleet left, they saw a girl clinging on a small piece of land.

Fusou: A comrade.

Yamashiro: Well then, leave her to us then.

Amagi: I see. Take care then.

And the fleet returned back home along with the girl who was found in that small piece of land.


==Intermission 7: A zero-sum game.==

Lately, there are some changes in my fleet as of late, Abukuma's judgment has improved and it seems that she is not too noisy anymore or maybe my ears are already used to her high pitched voice.

Hatsuzuki seems to be quite happy for some time. Probably because she gained levels and her ear like flaps is somewhat revealing its owner's mental state. Choukai on the other hand has been quiet. I asked Maya and she said that she can remember most of the things now. But due to my denseness, I still haven't figured it out as of late. Probably I will ask Suzukaze on these matters.

I am still in the search of I-401 and a second U-boat, though Yuu told me that it's fine if she didn't see her sister at all... I still have to get one since I want their equipments (especially the WG42s), but don't get me wrong; I really like Yuu, though she is like my kid though.

Samidare and Sazanami resumed in their work since they are no longer needed in the operations. The two seemed to be happy since it was quite a long time since they have been out to sortie, It makes me wonder how will I ever reach that level... I am in a slump.

Lastly, it seems that Mikuma has been so open to me. I really wonder. Mogami is also fine, though most of the time... it seems that the two were getting to touchy with one another; but I will allow it this time since I am a kind person anyways. Also, Suzuya complained that she didn't get to see any action this time around. Don't worry... You will see action soon. And Kumano, she is taking a rest for now since she was overly worked in defeating Lycoris Princess. She said that I should visit her room once in a while. Though I plan to do it, in my mind I can feel that Kumano has readied herself to eat me as I enter.

Kinugasa came to my room one day and she kept saying that she needs to be taken out for a date. Though we have agreed that we will not go out when there is a major Operation happening, I ended up saying yes to her. I wonder if I need to be casual or I need to be a bit presentable. But knowing her... she prefers my casual self since she will just have to devour me when she felt it. (Though I got tons of offers to date already)

Uzuki and Yayoi rarely came to play. Probably because they knew that I am quite busy nowadays. But when the operation is over, I will personally head out to their room and play with them. After all, they are my precious siblings. Mikazuki on the other hand still sits on my lap whenever she has a chance. Maikaze and Kazagumo seem to be weary of Mikazuki. I really wonder what she did this time to aggravate my two lovely flowers.

Anyways, I reported everything to sensei about the completion of the Operation and she sighed in the end. It seems that she is fine with the results and it seems that I am the only one who has finished the operation as of that day. Hoshi seems to be stuck dealing with Lycoris, Claire has been doing the central path for 5 days and no signs of improving, Ralph is currently resting and looking for info, and Lars seems to be enjoying the sight of his secretary who is a natural charmer, by the way, he is in the last operations too from what I have heard. Aoba told me that I can go and look for comrades in the previous operations just in case I needed more firepower.

And so, despite the long talk with everyone. Discussing stratagems with the people I don't like to deal with... In the end, I am quite contended that the operation is now over. I am free to do whatever I want and I guess I have to satisfy my fleet's desire. Oh well... looks like I am still busy no matter what happens.


==The Future ahead==

Sazanami and The Admiral are currently in the meeting room, with the comm links between the Other Admirals who were allies with the Admiral Raven.

Hiro: Well then folks. I will go ahead and look for comrades.

Claire: Screw you Hiro. I was there 5 days ago and yet you overtake me!!!

Hiro: Well, I just got lucky. Don't worry though. You can make it out too.

Caire: Hmph. I will. Just watch me.

Hiro: ...

Hoshi: Hiro, sorry if I was having a hard time with Lycoris. Can you help me a bit on this matter?

Hiro: I guess I can. We'll be there tomorrow.

Hoshi: Thanks.

Ralph: By the way, is the central path's routing is set to stone?

Hiro: Well, the composition I used has 100% chance of going there. But then, I only stayed at that area for 9 Operations. So I can't really tell if this is good enough.

Ralph: I see. I will go now.

Hiro: Take care.

and then...

Lars: Senpai, I heard that Oyashio is a myth.

Hiro: True enough.

Lars: I also have discovered that we can get her after the 13th.

Hiro: Hmm... I guess we can wait for a bit. By the way, is that true that you cleared it now?

Lars: I did. It was pretty tough. Though with my powers...

Hiro: Okay, good enough.

Lars: Wait...

all comm links were cut.

Hiro: Sazanami, can we still farm?

Sazanami: Given that our prospects were in such unlikely places. Yes. we can stil do that. But you need to take things slowly now.

Hiro: I see. Sazanami, do you have time in the evening?

Sazanami: I do. I kept my schedule open in the evening.

Hiro: Okay. I guess we will do it later then.

Sazanami: yeah...

Hiro: Well then, can I ask you something?

Sazanami: What is it Master?

Hiro: Well... If I got Akizuki, what will your reactio be?

Sazanami: Hmm... I'll know when I meet her. For now, I will keep my watchful eye on her.

Hiro: I see... well then...

Suddenly the door opens and from there they saw a face they all knew. It's a person the Admiral was looking last operation and the operation before that, And so the peaceful days of the naval base remains hanging on a thread.

- end.
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]