==Kamikaze's story==

I woke up this morning and I find myself sleeping on my own bed. Such days were peaceful and bountiful. I must say, the Commander really takes care of all of us since he has already treated us as family. But then, since he is a Raven himself, he tends to overdramatize things.

Oh right, as I was reminded of it, it was really bright in the morning already. Normally, I would wake up around 5 in the morning to do some morning routine, but this time, it's already 7 in the morning. I guess the Commander has put operations on hold today and even expedition teams were on a break too.

I immediately get up from the bed and wear proper clothing since I do sleep without clothes... but that thing is something I have developed over the years... it's more of a force of habit already. And it was not a practice when the Commander ever gives a ring to me. Now that I remembered, I do have one request that I still haven’t used even after all this time.

'''''"Request... I guess I can ask them a bit for what did they do to their request?"'''''

I took out my clothes (the Taisho period dress), and wore it with ease. I wore my shoes then and then I opened the door and took a leave and start the day right by doing something.

<p style="text-align: center;">
|---|</p>


But so to said; Harukaze already did my task so I have no work to do this morning, and it's only 8 in the morning. I wonder if I'll be able to do something today.

Suddenly, I heard a voice from behind me. Rather, the most familiar voice I haven't heard for a long time.

''"Yo! Long time no see."''

''"Commander, long time no see. What do you want?"''

The Commander arrived while wearing his rather unusual white uniform that naval officers would wear. I find it rather unusual since he isn't wearing the black one that he had issued on himself as his uniform and to differentiate him immediately from the non-pioneers.

''"Hmm... Sazanami said that she would be doing something in the city and Samidare is currently having a tea party with her sisters, so I decided to stay away from it and... Maikaze is sleeping. Mikazuki is as always; avoiding me when the sun is out... more of; I really can't see her at all. Kazagumo is with Yuugumo in the city too... oh well, Kumano is busy as always and Kinugasa told me that she has to do some balancing act on the ledgers."''

''"Life sure is tough to those who work. Anyways, I reminded of something Commander... can you be with me today? I mean, let's have a talk or something... I am bored already."''

The Commander grabbed my hand for no reason at all and he smiled to me after hearing me say about talking things over.

''"Hmm... Sure is rare to hear that from you. Alright, I'll be escorting you today."''

''"Anyways, I have to tell you a story about your old man."''

After saying to the Commander about his old man, his eyes grew excited like a puppy.

''"My Old man? Wait a minute? Who are you referring to?"''

''"Your Old man, his name is Smith right? Smith Raven."''

''"I am now interested in that story. Mom rarely told me about him."''

''"Hana-san is quite sentimental. She rather not tell you the stories of her beloved Commander."''

''"I see..."''

''"Well then, shall we talk somewhere else? The mess hall is not a proper place for us to talk. Let's go outside. I have found some good place to talk."''

He lets go of my hand and then, he bowed towards me and asks for my hand once more, obviously... I didn't refuse him.

''"Well then, I'll be in your care."''

And we proceed walking towards the park.

<p style="text-align: center;">
|---|</p>


The Park or the garden is a cooperative effort of all ship-girls to take care of it and since it was a big garden after all, the base has established the gardening club to take charge of maintaining its looks. The Commander has this listed as one of the favorite places to use as a dating spot and he rated it pretty high that he actually brought a lot of girls here... well technically, he brought Samidare and Sazanami here from time to time and he rarely bring other girls here... Anyways, moving on from this random banter from mine, He brought me here to talk about his old man that he has little info about.

''"Anyways, this bench looks good. Kamikaze, is it fine for us to sit here?"''

''"Well, I love it here... Anyways, I heard from the girls that you bring girls here for a date? Could it be...?"''

I blushed as I say those words knowing that I am just teasing him.

''"Well... I didn't have that intention though. But since you mentioned this to me... Let's call this a date. Let me call Sazanami beforehand or she might kill me if someone says that I am flirting with you."''

I grabbed the Commander's hand and I showed him the phone to which I have already asked Sazanami some permission before doing the so called 'date'. Anyways, the Commander's face grew pale after reading the message.

''"What's wrong?"''

''"Well... Sazanami said that she will tie me up later."''

''"Oh my! I better apologize to her later too."''

''"Please do... I fear that she might do something to me later."''

I smiled after seeing his worried face which he normally don't show it to others.

''"Anyways, I better start now..."''

The Commander's focus returns and he looks at my face... and then, I felt my heart skipped a beat after looking at him... anyways, I decided to ignore my feelings for now... after all, these feelings were also a part of this story.

''"Anyways... while you think that I am a young destroyer... I am actually an old ship-girl... dating around 155 years old."''

''"What!?"''

''"Commander, I am speaking this since I have lived before you came to this world... Well, I will explain how this have happened."''


==Kamikaze's Past==

One day, when I open my eyes... All I see is a ceiling.

I was in a carriage being delivered towards a destination, usually... Ship-girls are being traveled in secret so that no-one will persecute me. Anyways, Back then... I was assigned to a peculiar base.

His name is Smith Raven and he is not a Commander.

Anyways, kidding asides, the said Raven is a tester or more someone who was used as a means to gather data if a Commander is necessary to make ship-girls a force to be reckoned with.

Before I can arrange my thoughts, the carriage stops and it seems that I have arrived towards the destination.

The door opens and the courier greeted me.

''"Miss, this is the place that the professor has instructed me to deliver you to. You can now go out and greet that dog."''

Strangely, I don't remember having the professor said that the Commander is a dog... Is he related to the shiba-inu Commander?

''"Right, girls like you don't know that the term dog refers to soldiers of the military."''

The Courier added another statement to clarify some of the misunderstanding he have caused.
''
"I see... well then, thanks for accommodating me. Have a safe trip. Here have some food before you leave."''

I gave the courier some of my specialty plain onigiri and he kindly accepted it and he went back to his carriage.

I bid him farewell and the courier didn't looked back as he went back towards the HQ. Anyways, I picked up the bags and I started to walk towards the base.

<p style="text-align: center;">
|---|</p>


''"I am the Kamikaze-class Destroyer Kamikaze, nice meeting you."''

Normally, I heard that people get delighted in meeting someone like me, but...

''"I see... Sazanami, please have her trained already."''

The Commander is currently smoking his cigarettes while sitting on his desk.

"Master. Please let me remind you that smoking is prohibited inside the base!"

The Commander didn't listen to his secretary.

Soon after, the Commander puts out his cigar and he went to my way and he examined me from head to foot.

After that he tried grabbing me to the breast but he was immediately grabbed by his secretary with an annoyed look on her face.

''"Master, I advise you to refrain from doing things that might send you to the jail!"''

''"Sazanami, you are no fun. She is fully covered, how can I know her 3 sizes?"''

''"Master, I'll let Hiei-san knows your behavior later."''

Soon the Commander behaves.

''"Sorry. Anyways, please don't tell Hiei about my escapades today. You are the only one I can trust."''

But Sazanami didn't listen to him and she has summoned Hiei from a distance.

''"Umm... What should I do now?"''

I asked the pink-haired secretary about my duty.

''"Oh right. Anyways, please do not stay near the Commander; he tends to draw girls closer to his side... also, I advice you to not talk to him, you might get charmed by him."''

I can only nod in Sazanami's instructions.

''"Sazanami, why are you telling the newbie that I am some kind of a predator?"''

''"Aren't you one before?"''

''"Umm..."''

And soon, Hiei arrives and the mayhem continues.


===Intermission #1:===

''"Wait a minute, that doesn't explain anything at all?"''

The Commander cut in my story as soon as I finished speaking.

''"Well, I just made an introduction of him... that is my experience when I first met him, it was hell inside his office and I listened to your mother's lecture for 6 hours. It was painful."''

The Commander gave out a pained smile saying that he has experienced that too.

''"So Commander, let's skip the intro and I'll tell you already on what happened that made me arrive here."''


<p style="text-align: center;">|---|</p>


A few months after, The Commander has trained me and managed to make it to the 3rd team. One day, while there is a holiday, the Commander went out of his way to talk with me.

''"Yo Kamikaze!"''

I immediately hide when I heard his voice.

''"Wait Kamikaze; was Sazanami's instruction really that inviolable?"''

I nodded on his statement

''"I see... well, I have a proposition to you, can you hear me out?"''

Soon, he sits beside me without me noticing it. Of course, my heart jumped out since I am not used to talking to him... but he didn't let me feel that fear and he pats my head immediately.

''"Here, here... good girl... I guess head pats are the ship-girl's weakness."''

I couldn't argue at all since I am feeling good but not in a lewd way.

''"Anyways, can you look after my son when he is born into this world?"''

I was bewildered on his statement.

''"Oh right, why did I say that?"''

My face was whole red as I speak back to him.

''"Please think before you speak!!?"''

The Commander scratched his head and then his face changed.

''"Anyways, can you listen to my story?"''

I immediately felt drawn into him after saying those words to me.

''"155 years from now, my offspring will do something unthinkable."''

''"Isn't 155 years a bit too far from now?"''

The Commander nodded in agreement.

''"But, I planned to live a long life... and I am making a deal with them."''

At first, I never understood what he meant... and maybe, I will never understand what he meant with 'them'.

''"I see... good luck on that. So, why me? Can Hiei-san do that? Or Sazanami-san who is your secretary?"''

The Commander suddenly went into deep thinking. Suddenly, the phone rings... his phone that is.

''"Hello, Smith here. Hiei, weren't we getting married when we finish this non-sense of an experiment?"''

I can hear Hiei's scream on the other line as the Commander casually proposes to her. Suddenly, my phone rang too...

''"Kamikaze here... Wait, how did you heard that Sazanami-san?"''

On my end, Sazanami screamed after hearing that. It seems that the two were having a talk outside base.

''"I see... So you can't be on that duty. And it also falls out of Hiei-san's jurisdiction since she can't be on duty again."''

Sazanami explained to me the circumstances about the provisional rules of the experimental Admiralty and thus, only results was being sent to the mad scientist who had proposed it.

''"Well then, take care of yourself."''

I cut my communication already, and after that... the Commander is looking at me.

''"Well then, you must have heard the truth from Sazanami, but Sazanami has a different role to play."''

''"Yeah..."''

I felt powerless after hearing that.

''"Anyways Kamikaze, after this test run... You will be sleeping for 150+ years in this facility and when you wake up one day... You have to learn the history of the next 150 years in the data terminal we have left for you."''

''"But why me?"''

''"Because I can see that you will be a greater force later on... but now, your role is to learn things from Sazanami who happens to be a skilled maid."''

I nodded in agreement even though I never really understand how he will be able to pull everything off.


===Intermission #2:===

''"STOP!!!"''

The Commander decided to pause for a bit and asked me questions once more.

''"So you mean that my dad has already foreseen things 150+ years ago?"''
''
"I don't know. Rather, I never took it seriously at all..."''

''"I see... but you trusted him..."''

In my mind, I can only find one answer to that.

''"Because, I am indebted to him."''



==Kamikaze's delusions (spoken)==

'''''5 years has passed and something big have happened. And after that, Commander Smith has become a hero... And when the data he sent was verified and the Admiralty was recognized by the folks at HQ, the mad scientist decided to pull us out and thus marking his retirement from his service. But he has indeed made a name for himself. But, HQ made Admiralty possible and was used until it was stopped 80 years ago.'''''

'''''Our ways have been different and Commander Smith has parted with us only taking Sazanami who was his trusted servant and Hiei who had become his wife and now taking her real name Hana Raven.'''''

'''''Soon after, they become a prominent family who have obtained power and managed to secure a decent future. It was great and it was peaceful and 25 years ago before meeting the current Raven, he has left his legacy behind by making the younger generation of Raven step into this world. Soon after, I was put into cryo-sleep by the man himself.'''''

'''''Time has passed and woke up 23 years after. I browsed up the terminal the retired Commander Smith has left me and browse all the data which was supplied to it (which was updated by Hana Raven herself) and I managed to learned things for a week.'''''
'''''
I immediately went to apply as a ship-girl but it seems that the project was somehow discontinued... so I have to wait half a year before starting once more.'''''
'''''
And half a year after that... I tried making contact with the current Raven, but instead, was captured by the abyssal.'''''

'''''6 months ago, I was rescued by the young Raven and I became his ally...'''''

'''''So far, all of the Retired Commander Smith's predictions has come true and indeed, the world is undergoing a new cycle of reform... this time, the Commander is not alone and he is with his other ship-girls and with his friends who are with him until the end.'''''

'''''And now, I will now fulfill the role that my previous commanding officer has given to me... But due to some complications... I wonder if I can do that or should I wait for his instructions once again?'''''

'''''I really don't know why... but Sazanami-san bothers me a lot... it feels like I have spoken with her from the longest time yet... she is a different person altogether. Oh well, I will never know...'''''

'''''And so, with the Commander looking at me right now, I wonder if I should say it. Should I say it? Should I do it? Should I really have to heed to his words? Or should I play with a bit and let destiny decide the course of our actions after? I wonder when I did felt that way but this time... I might be inexperienced in some things pertaining to relationships but I will do my best to make it up with the loss of time... Oh well, I guess I can make it if Sazanami gives me her consent and Samidare allowed me too... but Samidare is a challenge to begin with. Maikaze and Kazagumo are fine already and I got their support. Kinugasa is also tough to deal with, but I can make it if I can get Kumano-san's approval. I wonder if Kasumi-san should get involved in my approval collection since she is also a part of the family... Mikazuki will be tough to deal with, I might have to learn how to use a sword and let someone teach me how to defend myself.'''''
'''''
Anyways, before I knew it... I have already understood the notion of this one wish the Commander has entrusted me... he might have seen me through, and thus... he is giving me a chance to settle things in my own way... without looking back to the past that I have tied myself into...'''''
'''''
Soon after, the Commander asked me this one question that forever changed my life.'''''

'''''"Hey Kamikaze, do you have other set of clothes to wear? If none... then, let me help you get a few pairs in the city?"'''''

'''''Without a doubt, my heart was aflutter after hearing that...'''''

'''''"Yes." I replied while showing him my best smile.'''''
'''''
For me, I rarely got to look at clothes and since I was given a duty, the clothes I wore stands as a symbol to that ties with my old self... but, he has asked me this in order for me to cut ties with the old and start moving to the present since things cannot go back anymore since time can't be turned back. I guess this one wish/command/vow can be used in times like this... I hope he can still accommodate me since I can be a bit of a nuisance.'''''

'''''And so, The Commander decided to wait for me...'''''
'''''
"Oh right, before we go to the city... It's best to know my name since we are not using our roles here..."'''''
'''''
"This is hard; I don't know what name I should use?"'''''

'''''"Well, you can think one later... By the way, my name is Hiro; I hope you won't forget my name then."'''''

'''''"I won't forget it... Hiro-san."    '''''
'''''
And before long... I guess I never understood it at all... but I guess I won't anyways... And so... I think I have seen it... the end, or rather the beginning.'''''

===Intermission #3:===

''"..."''

''"Oh shit!!!"''

I remembered that I was still talking to him when I managed to utter a lot of personal things in my end that were mixed in the story

''"Kamikaze, you are such an open book."''

The Commander is looking at me with dead eyes.

''"While it sounded like the second half like your one-sided love story to me... I got the gist of what it is that my dad meant... He wanted you to look after me when I have succeeded in making this a reality, Right?"''

I nodded while hiding my embarrassment.

''"But you see Kamikaze, now that we have bought some casual clothing, why don't you use it?"''

''"Well... I find it hard for me to wear them since I got used to these clothes..."''

''"Silly girl... Anyways, so right now Kamikaze... are you still bounded by my dad's instruction? Or are you fine on your own?"''

Soon as he asked that, I felt a small pain in my heart... while it's true that I have been sent here on his instructions, I can choose to ignore it... but why did I actually follow him?

''"Kamikaze, is it just me or you really respected my old man? I mean, I never know him and he might have done that in order for me not to be tied down to his achievements, Mom said that my Dad is a splendid person, yet I never heard anything about him at all... so yeah, Dad is like a presence that never existed to me... So I never understood your motives now, so let me clarify it once more... are you here on your accord?"''

Soon... I finally see his intentions.
''
"I came here indeed on your dad's instructions. While I might haven't develop my sense of judgment back then... Please tolerate my actions for now."''

The Commander stood up and he started patting my head.

''"It's fine if you say that you even like my dad... but then, I think you have your reasons not like him at all... so then, I did ask you because I was slightly annoyed to how much dad see things... so let me tell you this time, Do you want to be with me this time around? Unlike him, I will live forever."''

''"Yes. Please let me help you in every step of the way."''

''"And please help my next successor when that time comes... I won't promise when since I haven't received a message in a dream."''

''"Commander, you are just being too vague."''

''"Being vague is my specialty."''

And so, we spend time together until the sun goes down. We both forgotten to eat our lunch and so we decided to eat heartily outside.


<p style="text-align: center;">|---|</p>


Later that evening, we ate outside and have our conservation continued though there was nothing more to talk about. Of course I already asked permission to borrow the commander since his partner is quite possessive and a jealous girl... Just like the old Sazanami that I know.

''"So you say that the base is so laid back that it is more relaxed than mine?"''

The Commander reacted when he heard that the old base I used to is more laid back than his.
''
"Asides, you are quite a slave driver yourself."''

''"That is something I can't deny."''

The Commander ate his meal as he continues to talk to me...

''"Oh right, I haven't asked you about that question."''

''"What is it Commander?"''

''"Why are you indebted to my dad?"''

''"Oh that... It was a simple deed... I was about to be discharged out of service after the experiment, but he insisted that I should continue living and he convinced the professor to put me to sleep instead... though I got the sleep a bit too late."''

''"I see... well then, let's continue our meal. It's rude not to eat our food."''

And we silently ate our fill.


==Unspoken History==

''"Smith, how many times must I tell you that Kamikaze has to go now?"''

The Professor handling some documents is currently talking to the retired Commander Smith.

''"But, she deserves to live, just like everyone else."''

''"You are naive. I will tell you the consequences of those actions then. First of all, they would be constantly exploited to other people and they would be put into countless battles once their identity has been discovered. As of now, only the military knows their existence... I can't allow that information to go out... after all..."''

The Commander saw tears falling down from the Professor's eyes.

''"You view them as your children. And you have grown attached to them, right?"''

''"It's quite shameful of me to say this, but a scientist like me getting too chummy with my test subjects is something that would never happen even in my wildest dreams."''

I can sense the melancholy from the words that the Professor is saying.

Soon, the Commander stepped his right foot forward.

''"Well then, I will make sure that they are treated right then. I will be taking care of them!"''

The Professor suddenly slaps the Commander's face

''"In what basis will you do that? Remember that you will get married and you will be busy from hereon, what can you do once you have started your own family?"''

The Commander then steps his left foot forward.

''"I won't be doing it... After all, I can't do this alone... But, with Sazanami who has become so loyal to me and Hiei who is willing to help me out with everything... I think we can do it... wait, we can do it if the three of us work for it. Also, Kamikaze shall be here with me too... that is if you allow me to take care of her."''

''"I see... another baseless argument. But, I have proven that you can do it when the three of you are together. Alright, I give up in this pointless debate against you. You can now take Kamikaze away... just so you know... if she can be useful in the future, then I am willing to bet on that possibility then."''

The two shake their hands and they both smiled at one another. After that, we went on our own separate ways... After that last meeting, we never heard anything about that scientist.


==Present days:==

After we ate our dinner, we went out and walk a bit in the darkness of the night. A while ago, Mikazuki tried to stick to us but the Admiral has ordered her to maintain distance, I wonder if the commander is not used to Mikazuki getting too close to him.

''"Commander, I found the answer that I need... about that wish."''

I looked at him as I try to draw out every inch of courage I can muster.

''"So you are ready."''

''"Right."''

The Commander then looks at me with serious eyes.

''"I want to pave a way for your greatness... I want you to let me be a part of your life!"''

As I utter those words, my heart felt it was going to burst at any moment, but I hold it in and managed to deliver my confession/wish.
''
"But you know Kamikaze, being vague is quite hard... Can you elaborate it so that the idiot in me can understand? Sorry if I have to be a bit frank to you since I have heard it a lot of times..."''

Soon, the Admiral smiled after he spoke those words to me... It seems that he expects a lot of things from me too... despite being weaker than an average Mutsuki-class Destroyer.

After that, I took a deep breath and I gather all the leftover courage I have inside of me and I say it right on his face.

''"Please make me your partner-in-crime! I want to be help you on the things that will come to you later."''

The Commander smiled at me.

''"Why not just say that you want to become my lover? Or be the guy who likes you?"''

I blushed on his reply.

''"But you know... When some of them say that line, I flatly reject them immediately in order for me not to let things grow any worse, though I still have few people I need to deal every once and then."''

''"So Commander, are you rejecting my wish?"''

The Commander stopped for a bit and he looked at the moon as he weigh things inside his head.

Before he can say, I can feel a dangerous aura surrounding us, but it seems that the aura does not wish to make a bad impression to the Commander.

''"Let's see... Sazanami must be watching us right now. Kumano too via her scope and Mikazuki who is currently tailing us. But those three were quite nice girls... I can safely say that."''

''"So Commander... What is your reply?"''

''"Well... Unlike dad, he would reject you this instant. But I am different from him, but I do love to make things long-winded and misleading to confuse everyone. But, this time... I'll say it right now in order for me to free up some doubts that I feel right now, Sazanami might stab me later for it, since she is a girl who always run with jealous intentions, but she is the sweetest girl I ever know. So yeah, to cut things short... I'll accept that wish of yours. But be sure to wear casual when meeting me. I am fine with your current wardrobe, but seeing you with the clothes I chose for you is something else."''

"But... Wait, you are saying yes?"

''"Well duh... You must be too focused on that condition... anyways, are you satisfied? Eh?"''

I wasted no time and I immediately embraced the Commander that I love. Somehow, I fell for him... and I am glad that I did.

''"Thanks Commander."''

Soon, our phones were ringing wild.

We broke from our embrace and answer our own respective phones and our reactions were pretty polar opposite from one another.

I was currently talking to Sazanami over the phone who is somewhat talking to the Commander too using another phone.

''"I know Sazanami-san, I can't monopolize him... but this time, let me take care of him."''

As soon as I said those words, Sazanami said that I should take care of myself. And then, our conversation comes to a close.

The Commander however, looks like he is about to die at any moment.

''"Anyways, we have to make sure everyone knows this since the chat would soon be filled with rumors"''

''"Right."''

And so, The Admiral has accepted me... and my wish


==Chat Room Annoucement:==

<p style="text-align: center;">'''- Godwind enters the chat -'''</p>

Raven's wife: Oh! Congrats on your endeavor Kamikaze

Godwind: Thanks Sazanami-san. Anyways, He said yes to my wish!

ALL GIRLS: WHAT!!! HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE!!??

Black Dog: Why are you all so worked up on Hiro's yes?

Flat Dragon: According to Shoukaku-san, when the Admiral has recognized your wish, it's likely that the Admiral likes you to a certain degree that is above friends.

Black Dog: I see... say, were you given a wish from him?

Flat Dragon: Nope. Asides, I am already loving Kuro-san.

Black Dog: ...

Inadequate Shaman: Hey you two, are you perhaps flirting over chat?

Capt. Eyepatch: Let them be. Kamikaze, how did you managed to convince the Admiral?

Godwind: I really don't know. I just earnestly say what I feel at that time.

Spring Drill: Then it means that the Commander likes you. I am so proud of you Onee-chan.

Godwind: Wait. Harukaze, why are you saying that while you showing a yandere smile on us?

Spring Drill: Oh my, my old habit is showing. Forgive me Onee-chan, Harukaze is slightly frustrated over this.

Raven's wife: I doubt that you are slightly frustrated by that reply...


<p style="text-align: center;">'''- Hiro Raven enters the chat -'''</p>

Hiro Raven: So noisy... Anyways...


<p style="text-align: center;">'''Hiro Raven was kicked out of chat by the Admin'''</p>


Raven's wife: Master, now is not the time to fan the flames.

Timid_wolf: Admiral has it hard...

Ace: Well, he is quite loved by Sazanami-chan.

Vodka-lover: Anyways, I heard that the two had their dinner a while ago. Kamikaze, what did you two talked about?

Godwind: Oh right, we talked about his old man. He is quite interested.

ALL GIRLS: HOW COME YOU KNOW THE ADMIRAL/COMMANDER'S DAD?

Godwind: It's a long story... but saying that shortly, I am here because of the Commander's dad taking care of me back then. Oh right, I was one of the pioneer ships in the early days of the Admiralty... one of the ships from the legendary Helper.

ALL GIRLS: IMPOSSIBLE! SHE IS A REAL DEAL!!!

Godwind: Guys, aren't you a bit OA on this?


<p style="text-align: center;">'''- Hiro Raven enters the chat -'''</p>


Hiro Raven: Anyways, I am here to announce that Kamikaze is also included in the exception list. That's it.

Isana: It's been a while since someone has been included in the list. So Hiro-sama, will you give her the ring too?

Hiro Raven: I don't know... I guess time will tell.

<p style="text-align: center;">
'''- Gun Medic enters the chat -'''</p>


ALL: WHO ARE YOU!?

Gun Medic: Milord, the transmission has finally reached us too. Thanks for the constant efforts.

Hiro Raven: Wait, what do you mean? I know that Namahage-lancer has one, but how did you reproduce the technology?

Gun Medic: Hmm... I guess we let Yakumo-chan made our own divine transmission, just like what we read from the books Wakimoto-chan has brought us.

Hiro Raven: I see...

Raven's wife: Uto-san, Is that you?

Gun Medic: My, is that grandmaster? Anyways, I have been to Italy too and had some Italian pasta too... It was too delish.

Hiro Raven: Wait, how did you...

Gun Medic: Yakumo-chan worked hard for that.

Hiro Raven: I wonder what my other half does anyways.

<p style="text-align: center;">
'''- Gun Medic has left the chat -'''</p>


Blue Princess: Someone you two knew?

Hiro Raven: Yeah.

Godwind: that is strange, I saw a portal looking item somewhere around the base...

Hiro Raven: I wouldn't be surprised anyways. Please try not stepping on that, it’s a different world beyond that.

ALL: OK.

Hiro Raven: Anyways, I have to go. Kamikaze, you have to log out too...

Godwind: Oh right. Sazanami-san, thanks for the permission.

Raven's wife: ok. You can always call me when you need help.

Godwind: Ok.


<p style="text-align: center;">'''- Godwind has left the chat -'''</p>


Raven's wife: Any complaints?


==Omake: The time that I started to like you... (before confession)==

One morning, Harukaze and I were having a good conversation about things in life when the Admiral arrives at our room.

''"Kamikaze, are you free?"''

At first, I have no idea what he meant with that.

''"Yes Commander Kamikaze-oneechan is free today."''

''"Harukaze, aren't we talking?"''

''"Onee-chan its fine. The Commander rarely calls people... now, come with him, I will hold the fort while you are gone."''

''"If that is what Harukaze wants... so, where will we go?"''

''"The City."''

''"Eh!?"''

Suddenly I realized that the Commander wants to do something with me.

''"But Commander, I might not be the best person to be with..."''

''"Oh that. I am doing this because I want you to have a new sets of clothes. I noticed that you haven't bought new clothes since you have arrived here."''

Clothes, I have no recollection of wanting new clothes... as a matter of fact, I really like my clothes

''"Commander... Are you sure, well, I like what I wear and I think..."''

The commander grabbed my hand and he started dragging me away.

Harukaze who is looking, waves her hand on us as she bids farewell to us.

<p style="text-align: center;">
|---|</p>


The City is a place where I don't want to go. Rather than going to the city, I prefer the quiet life back at the base. The Commander who is currently dragging me stopped on his tracks and he pointed the establishment we are entering.

''"Here, you can pick new clothes that would suit you. It's my treat."''

''"Commander."''

''"Kamikaze, My name outside is Hiro... and do not use my rank outside."''

''"Why?"''

''"While the treatment on naval officers are supposed to be fine, treatment on ship-girls are still different."''

Then, his face looked so serious after saying those words.

''"Hiro-san, Is it fine for me to be buying these? I like my own clothes..."''

The Commander scratched his head as he tries to convince me to make me buy clothes.

Soon, the sales lady saw us.

''"Oh, what a beautiful lady you are. Sir, can you let us mess up with her... I mean give her clothes."''

''"Alright. I'll pay for the clothes that you would choose for her."''

''"Wait! Hiro-san, were you just thinking deeply so that you would attract their attention?"''
''
"Who knows?"''

The Sales lady grabbed my hand and she dragged me inside the store and from there she picked up clothes and she toss it to me while threatening me that I will not leave unless I wore those clothes. The Commander has also joined the fray.

''"So, how is the work here? Are you getting comfortable here already Rui?"''

The Commander seems to be talking to the sales lady.

The Sales lady nodded and she smiled at him.

''"I wonder if they have some kind of past. Wait, why am I thinking of these things?" I uttered those words while watching them talking''

Soon, I decided to change my clothes and I started to wear them and I show to them the fruits of their labor.

For 2 hours, the Commander and the sales lady managed to give me a lot of clothes to wear and later, I managed to narrow the choices to 7.

''"Hiro-san, is this enough?"''

I asked the Commander as I give him the pair of clothes.

''"Wait, I have 2 more clothes to let you try."''

''"Hm?"''

The Admiral gave me a pink one-piece dress and a white one-piece dress for me to wear.

''"Summer attire? But isn't autumn in a few weeks?"''
''
"True. But I really like to see you wearing those clothes... just for reference."''

I decided to try them on too. First, I wore the white one.

As Soon as I wore it, I immediately showed it to the commander who was waiting for me.

Suddenly, he has stopped on his tracks and he uttered wow as he looks at me from head to toe. Anyways, the same result happened when I wore the pink one-piece dress.

Overall, 9 sets of clothing was purchased and the sales lady was glad that she was of help to us. Even though she is smiling, it felt different when she was talking to the commander. I guess I won't be seeing that unless the commander is with me.

I wore the one pair of clothes that the Commander has chosen for me and we walked around the city.

''"How does it feel to walk around wearing those clothes?"''

The Commander asked me while he is carrying the bags of clothes that he paid for.

''"Hmm... I guess they are fine. I never knew underwear are such great things... but don't get me wrong, I wore something underneath back then."''

''"Now you have piqued my interest on your underwear..."''

''"Cut it out Hiro-san!"''

Soon, the wind softly blows and my clothes slowly swayed with the wind.

''"I must say, I really like the way you smile... Kamikaze, please think about your wish then."''

''"Eh?"''

Somehow, my heart beat differently when he mentioned that he liked my smile.

''"Hiro-san, are you perhaps..."''

Suddenly, the Commander's phone begins to ring.

The moment, I lost the words to say to the commander.

<p style="text-align: center;">
|---|</p>



We went back to the naval base and Harukaze greeted us and she looked surprised to see me wearing the clothes that I currently wore.

Harukaze raises her thumb on the Commander as she said "Good Job". Honestly, it seems that Harukaze is quite a fan of mine. Anyways, the Commander left me on my own devices to do some extra work.

After the Commander have left, Harukaze asked me about the commander.
''
"So Onee-chan, how was your date."''

And soon, my face grew red and I lost track of myself. I tried to keep calm but I realized that it's too late. I stuttered while trying to question Harukaze.

''"D-d-d-da-te?"''

Harukaze smiled at me and she embraced me. Honestly, she likes teasing me.

''"So Onee-chan is quite naive on these things... Well, I think he likes you. If you like him too... which is way too obvious now... well, I guess all you need to do is to answer him, you still have that wish with you right?"''

And soon... I understood now what Harukaze meant.

And so, my campaign has started.

'''- End.'''
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]