==Yuubari's Arrival==

''Yuubari arrived at the Raves Base carrying her bags and her uniform because she was requested by the Admiral of the base to arrive here. As she walked into the base she saw familiar faces that she had once worked in the 3rd mechanized Squadron and the small task force of the One-man Army.''

'''Yuubari''': Kurogane-san, Long time no see!

'''Kuro''': Geh. It's Yuubari. What are you doing here? Don't tell me you are a ship-girl too?

'''Yuubari''': Technically I am a ship girl before the abyssal wars has started, but I never disclosed it to others anyways since there was a purge back then.

'''Kuro''': So what brought you here... Don't tell me you are summoned by the Admiral?

'''Yuubari''': I am summoned by the Admiral of this base. But somehow, I felt this base is too cozy to be called a base.

'''Kuro''': You are imagining things. It's just a facade anyways.

'''Yuubari''': So what is its true image?

'''Kuro''': Go meet the Admiral and you'll know the truth.

'''Yuubari''': I guess that'll do. Say Kuro-san, did I interrupt you and that's lady's quality time? Ufufufu...

'''Kuro''': Wait! What do you mean...? '''''(Why Katsuragi is there looked so red?)'''''

''Yuubari left the area and she went towards the front door where she was greeted by Kumano who was at the Front desk.''



'''Kumano''': You must be Yuubari-san. Welcome to the Raven's base. I am Kumano and nice meeting you. Shall I escort you immediately to the office or Do you need to go somewhere else?

'''Yuubari''': Well... I am curious about this base's admiral. Please take me there.

'''Kumano''': Alright.

'''Yuubari''': Say miss, I remembered a story of my senpai told me that someone beautiful like you came to his life. Say, do you know the name of Hiro?

'''Kumano''': Oh... Well, I do know him. But I guess I'll have to keep everything a secret for now.

'''Yuubari''': What is that secret?

'''Kumano''': Well, when we reached the Admiral's office... I guess you'll be surprised then.

'''Yuubari''': I hate surprises you know.

'''Kumano''': The Admiral loves surprises though.

'''Yuubari''': It feels like I am being toyed by senpai even in this place. Oh well.

''The two walked a bit more until they arrived at the office of the Admiral''



'''Kumano''': I'll take my leave then, Behind this door is where the Admiral works.

'''Yuubari''': Thanks.

''Kumano left and she returned back to her post. Yuubari, on the other hand opened the door of the office and she was surprised to see what is behind the door.''



'''Yuubari''': No one is here? Did Kumano-san made a mistake?

''Yuubari sat down to the couch as she looked over the things that were in display.''

'''Yuubari''': This Jukebox, I remembered cranking one to play modern songs and some songs that Senpai loves. Hmm...

Yuubari then takes her wrench that was hidden in her inner clothes (how convenient), and starts cranking the jukebox.




Sazanami arrived at the office to see the scene of a girl trying to fix the jukebox. The Admiral was with her.

'''Sazanami''': Ehem!!!

'''Yuubari''': If I adjust this part and I change this part here... Oh a few more...

'''Sazanami''': Ehem!!!

'''Yuubari''': Hmm...

'''Sazanami''': Miss, what are you doing to the Jukebox?

'''Yuubari''': Can't you see I am fixing it?

'''Sazanami''': I can see that. Master, are you sure she is that person you are waiting for?

'''Hiro''': Well, she arrived earlier than I thought... Yuubari.

''Yuubari stopped working as she heard of a familiar voice that she haven't heard a few years back.''


'''Yuubari''': No way...

'''Hiro''': Nope. I did call you.

'''Yuubari''': Senpai...

''Yuubari looked back to see the senpai she haven't saw a long time.''

'''Yuubari''': Hiro-senpai. What are you doing here?

'''Hiro''': Basically, I am the Admiral of this base. I did worked hard to make you transfer to this base since I need you to help with my Arsenal.

'''Yuubari''': No, Why are you an Admiral?

'''Hiro''': A long story and I don't want to tell it right now since it opens up a lot of wounds.

'''Yuubari''': I see... So you have become more human now that you have someone to protect.

'''Hiro''': Well, Kinda.

'''Yuubari''': Anyways, I am Yuubari. I am a shipgirl and I am here via the Admiral Raven's summons.

'''Hiro''': Good. I am Admiral Raven, I am Admiral Hiro Raven. This girl on my right is my right hand and Secretary, She is Sazanami.

'''Yuubari''': Nice Meeting you Sazanami-chan. I am Yuubari and I also came from the third mechanized Infantry.

'''Sazanami''': Nice meeting you Yuubari-san. Anyways, you are acquaintances with the Kuro-san of the R and D, Jiro the old man and Miyako the harem maker.

'''Yuubari''': Oh. So they are here too. I saw Kurogane-san a while ago.

'''Hiro''': I guess you won't be surprised anymore, any reactions to this base?

'''Yuubari''': It feels like Home...

'''Hiro''': In the daytime, it’s as peaceful as a home. But in the evening, things get very awry.

'''Yuubari''': How?

'''Hiro''': it's best to see it for yourself. Anyways, you’ll be meeting Akashi-san later, so suit yourself up.

'''Yuubari''': Alright.

'''Hiro''': You room is in the light Cruiser's dorm, Lemme see, your roommate is... oh the Agano sisters.

'''Yuubari''': alright.

''Yuubari left carrying her bags as she went towards her room.''



'''Sazanami''': Master, It's a first time I have heard you have subordinates back in the mechanized infantry?

'''Hiro''': Because we do not exists in paper.  We are the experimental team that was made to solve the problem of our shortage in soldiers.

'''Sazanami''': I see. Say, what was Yuubari-san back then?

'''Hiro''';  Yuubari loves machinery. The radio I use was modified by her so that no one can trace me.

'''Sazanami''': I see. She is good.

'''Hiro''': But there is a problem.

'''Sazanami''': what is it?

'''Hiro''': since she is a ship-girl too. It means that when she sees Samidare, she will be charmed in an instant.

'''Sazanami''': Eeeehhh...

'''Hiro''': well. That's because the spirit is too clingy on Samidare, and so is Yuubari.

'''Sazanami''': She is a lesbian. I get it.

'''Hiro''': Well said. Anyways, call Kasumi so that she can prepare herself.

'''Sazanami''': Understood Master.

Sazanami left the office to call the girl needed for the Admiral's next operation.



'''Hiro''': Well then, a few more people to go...

''The Admiral looks at the picture of the 3rd Mechanized Infantry as he waits for Kasumi.''

'''Hiro''': Don't worry; I'll fulfill my promise till the end. So wait for it.



==Yuubari the helper.==

''Yuubari immediatelty went to the Arsenal to see Akashi busy making the next prototype. Akashi stopped working and she satrted judging the person in question.''

'''Akashi''': Well, I heard that the Admiral has called for an assistant, I but I never thought that it's Yuubari. Say, what is your best work as of now?

'''Yuubari''': Well, The Jukebox should be fixed right now.

'''Akashi''': Oh. That's true.... But I can do it too.

'''Yuubari''': well. Wait for a minute.



''As the two listened to the jukebox, Akashi realized that the song has changed into a song that was not registered in the jukebox.''
'''Akashi''': Eh!? How?

'''Yuubari''': Honestly, That is kinda hard to connect it to the net since it was kinda old-school, but when I jacked it up a bit, I can literally play any song for as long as it is supplied with electricity. My only problem is that I need to crank it up once the Admiral turned the jukebox off.

'''Akashi''': Not bad. Say, can you help me with this thing?

'''Yuubari''': A gun Armament?

'''Akashi''': Honestly, we need more time to make a gun functional, so I need someone who knows how the mechanics works and to make use of it.

'''Yuubari''': Haah... say, the Admiral sure is a hardworking person.

'''Akashi''': well, from day one he has commissioned me to improve the guns and other things like the Anti-air fire director. Well, Basically, I am thankful that he is supportive of my work. Also, I made prototype weapons for him and he tests it to the abyssal.

'''Yuubari''': I see... He still wants to fight those creatures.

'''Akashi''': Was there a matter with that?

'''Yuubari''': You see... Well, It's more of his promise to a close friend of mine that he needed to drive the abyssal out of the ocean.

'''Akashi''': Sounds like a pain to me. Say, what does she looks like?

'''Yuubari''': Well... (Checks her photo), wait, she is not here in this photo?

'''Akashi''': Well, I guess that person is so important to the Admiral that he actually still carries her wish despite being in another world.

'''Yuubari''': Nope. She is not yet dead. She became a ship-girl.

'''Akashi''': Oh wow. Where is she right now?

'''Yuubari''': As far as I can remember, she lost her memories after becoming a ship-girl so it's basically hard to tell who she became. I doubt he can remember who she was. But, I know who she is since I can still feel her presence.

'''Akashi''': well... I guess, all we can do is wait. Say, how did she become a ship-girl?

'''Yuubari''': In one of our missions, she lost her limbs in an ambush. We had secured her and we carried her to the hospital, but after that, the military didn't tell us what happened to her. But they gave us the info that she has survived.

'''Akashi''': But why did you know she is a ship-girl?

'''Yuubari''': It's my gut telling me that she is one of us since she always looks at the ocean from time to time. Just like the Admiral.

'''Akashi''': oh well. So I guess we might never know who she became.

'''Yuubari''': You are right.



The Admiral arrived at the Arsenal to look on things.

'''Hiro''': So you are basically an enthusiastic one. Starting your work immediately, just like the old days.

'''Yuubari''': I missed cranking things up.

'''Hiro''': That is so you. Akashi, is she better than you?

'''Akashi''': She is. But I will not lose to her.

'''Hiro''': Good.



Then as the three had a conversation, a voice was reached on Yuubari's ears as if it was music to her.

'''Samidare''': Admiral!!! Sazanami-chan is looking for you.

'''Hiro''': Alright. Girls, I gotta go.

Samidare arrived and she greeted the Akashi and Yuubari.

'''Samidare''': I am Samidare, Thanks for keeping the Admiral company Have a nice day ahead of you two.

''Samidare bowed and she escorted the Admiral towards the office.''


'''Akashi''': That was fast. Oh well, better went back to work... hey why are you in a daze?

'''Yuubari''': It's an angel... It's a pretty angel has appeared in thess lands.

'''Akashi''': Ah, She is Samidare-chan. She is the Admiral's left hand.

'''Yuubari''': Left hand?

'''Akashi''': well, Lemme get this straight, the Admiral has a lot of intimate partners.

'''Yuubari''': I see... By the way, where can I meet that angel?

'''Akashi''': You see, she has her own office besides the Admiral's office. But please don't skip work for now since you fell head over heels. I already saw that a mile away.

'''Yuubari''': Geh. Are you a psychic?

'''Akashi''': Actually, Ooyodo has hinted me that you might be a lesbian.

'''Yuubari''': That glasses girl, I feel like I am under her palm.

'''Akashi''': Nope, She is just too perceptive. If someone would be manipulating you from the shadows, it would be Kinugasa-san. But I will not say it for now, because it's not related.

'''Yuubari''': So what time can I visit my angel?

'''Akashi''': In the Afternoon; unless she has visitors. But let me tell you something. Our Samidare-chan is different from the girl that you know.

'''Yuubari''': It's fine. She is still a lovable angel.

'''Akashi''': Oh well... Trainee, suit yourself up. We have work to do. Let that inspiration make your creative Ideas flow like water.

'''Yuubari''': Yes Ma'am!

''The two worked after that small talk.''



==The Sleepy Head's Second Remodel.==

''Kako was on her way to the naval base from her last sortie to the Kis Islands. Kako felt that she has grown in terms of power.''

'''Kako''': Oohh... I feel so powerful now despite being too fatigued.

'''Graf''': Well thank goodness you are. I am tired of going here back and forth.

'''Kako''': I have good news, I will go now. The Admiral has relieved me of my duties.

'''Graf''': eh...

'''Kako''': He told me that my second Remodel is now up.

'''Graf''': A second Remodel... That sounds nice.

''Katsuragi who is also tired also complained.''

'''Katsuragi''': I am level 70s and I still am not being remodeled, is the Admiral wrong in the head?

'''Graf''': That is strange, with your level. I can pretty much say that a remodel is necessary. But, you are still in your base form. Is there a problem?

'''Katsuragi''': I want to get stronger so that I can be compared to Zuikaku-senpai.

'''Kako''': Oh, that lucky girl... anyways, Can you tell me what will happen if the Admiral gets Unryuu, Do you think he will remodel you if he had Unryuu-san?

'''Katsuragi''': Eh!?

'''Kako''': So basically, you are actually the last carrier to be remodeled if the Admiral gets Amagi this winter operation.

'''Katsuragi''': haaa... I give up. I guess I'll have to wait then until he comes kneeling to me saying that I was also needed.

'''Graf''': By the way, who is your relationship with the Gentleman named Kurogane?

'''Katsuragi''': eh... Wait, was it too obvious?

'''Kako''': Definitely.

'''Graf''': Indeed Katsuragi-san.

'''Italia''': Congrats young girl... You sure are blessed.

'''Katsuragi''': I...I... There's no way I love that Guy!!!

'''Others''': ... (So tsundere...)



'''Kako''': Anyways, Guy, thanks for helping me reach my second remodel. I am grateful for you all.

'''Graf''': it's a pleasure.

'''Katsuragi''': Good luck.

'''Italia''': See you soon Kako-san.

'''Katsuragi''': congratulations.

'''Myoukou''': just so you know, I am few turns away from my second remodel... But I'll be missing the sleepy head of our team. Congrats.

'''Kako''': Thanks guys. Anyways, We are now here so see you in the battle when we are fortunate enough to meet each other.

'''Others''': Alright.



''Kako went towards the factory to see the Admiral along with Samidare, are waiting for her arrival.''

'''Samidare''': Congratulations on your second remodel, Kako-san.

'''Kako''': Nah, no big deal missy. Asides, I am thankful to this Admiral for he had given me the opportunity to level myself. By the way Admiral, Did you see Furutaka?

'''Hiro''': Nope. Not yet.

'''Kako''': I see. Anyways, please do find her.

'''Hiro''': Alright.

'''Kako''': Alright, off I go to the remodel room.

''Kako went to the Factory to get her second remodel ready.''


==Myoukou's second remodel - an Onee-san in plain disguise==

''Myoukou has already reached her remodel level. She was summoned to the Admiral's office.''

'''Hiro''': Congratulations Myoukou-san.

'''Myoukou''': Well thanks Admiral. But I must say, you are a bit late in the schedule.

'''Hiro''': Sorry about that. I did my best to let you all catch up.

'''Myoukou''': It's fine admiral. In the end, you let me reach this position now. Say, where is Sazanami-san?

'''Hiro''': She is still communicating the people at the factory to get your equipment ready.

'''Myoukou''': I see, Permission to ask?

'''Hiro''': Go ahead.

'''Myoukou''': I knew that you did this because you are preparing into something bigger and of a larger scale, can I know what is on your mind? This onee-san is still confused on your actions. Haguro seems to know something but she is not that good in expressing herself.

'''Hiro''': I see... Myoukou, do you remember summer last year?

'''Myoukou''': I do. But we heavy cruisers never sortied there... Wait, Choukai and Kinugasa sortied that time and also Mogami-san.

'''Hiro''': Yes. I realized that I am weak in the heavy cruiser division and I admit that it really hits badly for my fleet. Because I lost my Night battle people.

'''Myoukou''': So it means that you really recognize our skills after that event?

'''Hiro''': Yes. Afterall, not leveling you guys resulted to my demise.

'''Myoukou''': The Air Defense Princess... She truly is a nightmare for you Admiral.

'''Hiro''': Yup.

'''Myoukou''': So, did you give up hope?

'''Hiro''': No. not that time. I always believe that there is a reason why I never got her. And I realized it sooner than I thought.

'''Myoukou''': What is it?

'''Hiro''': That I need to take care of all of you before I start to yearn for others.

'''Myoukou''': Silly Admiral, to learn it just that time... I never know that you are also this dense.

'''Hiro''': Dense? Was I that dense?

'''Myoukou''': I must say, since this nee-san has been looking at your surroundings, I can pretty much say that there are few more people who are also desperate for your affection.

'''Hiro''': I see. Thanks for the Intel.

'''Myoukou''': You are welcome.



''As the two continues to talk, Sazanami enters the room saying the good news.''

'''Sazanami''': Myukou-san, please get into the factory now. The remodel is now available.

'''Hiro''': Oh, it's already time. Congrats Myoukou-san and good luck.

'''Myoukou''': Thanks. This nee-san will be your new force to be reckoned with.

''Myoukou went to the factory to get her second remodel.''

==The training Cruisers free time.==

''Katori and Kashima are now at the city to look for some clothes. They both wearing civilian clothes outside of the naval base''

'''Katori''': To think we had a day off too... what a nice guy he is.

'''Kashima''': But I wish the Admiral had come and joined us in our shopping. By the way Nee-san, what are you looking at?

'''Katori''': well, i am looking for some cookies and crackers to give to my destroyer Friends.

'''Kashima''': Oh, Maikaze-chan!, That idiot dancer.

'''Katori''': I forgot to tell you that she is too carefree, not an idiot.

'''Kashima''': But isn't she much akin to an idiot who loves to dance.

'''Katori''': I am pretty sure that if it’s Maikaze, dancing is the only way for her to be calm and not to think of the bad things that happened back then.

'''Kashima''': But I do admit, she also likes the admiral too. Say Katori-nee, why are you not allowing me to tease the Admiral while you are pretty much the same? I know that you like the Admiral.

''Katori whacked Kashima in the head.''

'''Katori''': First of all, I am not in love with him. Who gave you that idea?

'''Kashima''': Nee-san, that's pretty harsh. But it's pretty obvious you know... that you like the Admiral.

'''Katori''': Of course no! It's a rumor that was spread in the base by the destroyers.

'''Kashima''': but they still think it that way, so It must be true.

'''Katori''': (damn, I am losing my footing here, I can't stop her arguments at all)... Kashima, you forgot something important.

'''Kashima''': What is it, nee-san?

'''Katori''': That The Admiral loves someone else!!!

'''Kashima''': oh those girls? They are pretty easy for you if you discipline them. Just whip them and they'll know who is boss.

'''Katori''': I doubt I can do that though. You see me differently Kashima.

'''Kashima''': And while you whip those girls away, I'll steal him and I'll make him squeal.

'''Katori''': ...

'''Kashima''': And I'll win.

'''Katori''': I give up arguing against you.

'''Kashima''': Heheh... I am just too strong for you.

'''Katori''': Well then, please do something for drawing everyone's attention to us.

'''Kashima''': eh!?

''Kashima looked around and she saw that everyone was staring at her with cold eyes.''



'''Kashima:''' Nee-san..., Help me...

'''Katori''': Fine. Let's go. Guys, please forgive my sister, she is just too hyper and all.

''The crowd disappeared after that.''



'''Katori''': So did you learn your lesson?

'''Kashima''': When in public, I will not try to be a shameless girl.

'''Katori''': Good. But, I'll be disciplining you tonight so better be prepared.

'''Kashima''': Oh no...



''That night Kashima was disciplined appropriately by Katori by behaving badly in a crowd.''


==Hagikaze's Hugs==

''Hagikaze is currently at the rooftop along with Nowaki as the two look at the scenery right in front of their eyes.''

'''Hagikaze''': I wonder If Arashi is alright.

'''Nowaki''': Don't worry Hagikaze, Arashi will join us soon. Let's hope that the Admiral finds a way to bring her to this base.

'''Hagikaze''': I see... Say Nowaki-chan, a few weeks ago... You are still a bit reserved but now, I can feel that you are not inhibiting yourself. Did something happen between you and the Admiral when you went to his office?

'''Nowaki''': Well, a lot has happened... but in the end, I became free and I was able to confess my feelings for Mai-chan.

'''Hagikaze''': Wow. I guess that's what you called forbidden love. Say, what Mai-chan said?

'''Nowaki''': Well, she thanked me but she flatly rejected me because she really loves the Admiral.

'''Hagikaze''': Say Nowaki, do you need a hug from me? I can ease your pain for a bit.

'''Nowaki''': I guess I can.

''Hagikaze hugs Nowaki immediately and Nowaki released all of her hurting to Hagikaze who was there to console her.''



'''Hagikaze''': Are you good now?

'''Nowaki''': yup. By the way, I have moved on and I have a new love.

'''Hagikaze''': Who is it?

'''Nowaki''': well... It's embarrassing to say.

'''Hagikaze''': Silly you, getting embarrassed now of all times, what happened to the prince charming that Saved Mai-chan from her demise.

'''Nowaki''': It's just pure action you know.

'''Hagikaze''': so who is the lucky person?

'''Nowaki''': the Admiral.

'''Hagikaze''': ...

'''Nowaki''': ...

'''Hagikaze''': ...

'''Nowaki''': ...

'''Hagikaze''': I see, good luck on that. I will leave... whoah!!!

''Hagikaze was dragged by Nowaki who was redder than the usual.''

'''Nowaki''': Please don't tell Mai-chan about this... I beg of you!

'''Hagikaze''': no. As a good friend, I need to tell her... Let me go...

'''Nowaki''': I'll die if Mai started to deny me as a friend.

'''Hagikaze''': Don't worry, she knows it already.

'''Nowaki''': eh...

'''Hagikaze''': Do you remember Kazagumo-san?

'''Nowaki''': yes. Why?

'''Hagikaze''': while you are trying to hide your feelings, that girl came to us said that Nowaki loves the Admiral 100%.

'''Nowaki''': I see...

'''Hagikaze''': So, are you not ashamed now? Mai-chan told me that she needs your help in winning the Admiral.

'''Nowaki''': I guess, Mai-chan is too kind that she looks like an idiot.

'''Hagikaze''': But that's the reason why we gather around her, right?

'''Nowaki''': Yup. You are right.

'''Hagikaze''': Say, will you give my message to the Admiral later when he visits the dance room?

'''Nowaki''': why? Are you not watching today?

'''Hagikaze''': I am preparing myself. Just in case Arashi arrives.

'''Nowaki''': well, good luck on that. I hope Arashi recognize your feelings.

'''Hagikaze''': Yes. I'll work hard for that.

'''Nowaki''': I guess I need to hug you as a way of supporting you.

'''Hagikaze''': eh!?



''Nowaki embraces Hagikaze as a way of giving her luck to the said weary heart. Nowaki lets go then and she went ahead to dance with Maikaze.''

''Hagikaze was left in the bench feeling strange and a bit nervous.''

'''Hagikaze''': You don't need to cheer me Nowacchi... I am ready for everything afterall.



''Hagikaze stayed a bit longer and then she decided to go down of the rooftop.''



==The fighting Duo's Remodel.==

''Ashigara and Nachi reached their remodel levels as this late.''



'''Ashigara''': Nachi; how do you feel at the moment?

'''Nachi''': Well... I can feel the power flowing inside of me that it wants to be used.

'''Ashigara''': So you feel that way too!? Amazing!!!

'''Nachi''': But the Admiral told us to wait a bit before we even got our armaments ready.

'''Ashigara''': Well, knowing him, He has a thing for preparation, though in the end he always screws in that part.

'''Nachi''': Yup.

''The two were chattering when Sazanami arrived and told them the good news.''

'''Sazanami''': Nachi-san, Ashigara-san. Now is the time for your remodel. Please follow me to the factory.

'''Nachi''': yes Ma'am.

'''Ashigara''': Roger.

'''Sazanami''': Alright. Follow me.

''The three went to the factory to commence their second remodel.''



A few minutes after, the two arrived with their new looks.

'''Ashigara''': So this is my second remodel. I can feel the intensity flowing inside of me.

'''Nachi''': I feel that I have gained extra strength.

'''Sazanami''': I see... you two, you can now do whatever you like. The Admiral is thankful for you two cooperating with him.

'''Nachi''': No sweat. We wanted to be strong afterall, so our goals were aligned at some point.

'''Ashigara''': Me too.. I want these raw powers to be unleashed and use this newfound strength to slay abyssal.

'''Sazanami''': Good. I better go now.

''Sazanami left the two to their own devices.''



'''Ashigara''': Now that we are stronger too...

'''Nachi''': We can help this very timid girl named Haguro to make a path for her one-sided admiration to the Admiral.

''Then Myoukou whacked the two as if she was warning them.''

'''Myoukou''': I rather not do that.

'''Nachi''': Why?

'''Ashigara''': Also why?

'''Myoukou''': Haguro told me that she needs to do it by herself.

'''Ashigara''': But it will take forever to make her confess her feelings to him.

'''Nachi''': You also Know that Myouko-nee, why stop us?

'''Myoukou''': if I help you becoming stronger, would you be happy that you didn't get strong by your own efforts?

'''Nachi''': ...

'''Ashigara''': ...

'''Myoukou''': It seems that having your second remodel made you a bit sensible. Anyways, let’s have a party for the 4 of us since we are all have our second remodel.

'''Nachi''': Really!?

'''Ashigara''': True!?

'''Myoukou''': As a matter of fact, the Admiral approved our activity, that's why he didn't appear on your remodel process. But he said that limit your Alcohol intake since all of us are Heavy cruisers.

'''Ashigara''': Eehh... Anyways, let’s go visit Mama Houshou now!

'''Nachi''': Yeah!!!

'''Myoukou''': You two can go. I'll get Haguro-chan first.

'''Nachi and Ashigara''': Yes sis!!!



The four of them had a great time drinking and eating that day.

==Kasumi Kai Ni==

''Kasumi was sortied to 4-3 endlessly for 5 days.''



'''Hiro''': Kasumi, so how are you today?

'''Kasumi''': Terrible... why did you send me there?

'''Hiro''': Well... I want you to become someone strong.

'''Kasumi''': Humph. I know what is on your mind. You just want to level others and putting me as FS since I am a weak girl with weak armor.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Kasumi''': so I am right?

'''Hiro''': Well, not really.

'''Kasumi''': !?

'''Hiro''': Truth be told, I placed you as FS to make sure you are protected. But the real reason is that when you got MVP, more experience is added on you.

'''Kasumi''': I see... By the way, I am level 75 now. What will you do?

'''Hiro''': Well, just wait for Sazanami's arrival. She already approved of it.

'''Kasumi''': What approved?

'''Hiro''': Well...



''the door opened and Sazanami entered carrying a folder.''

'''Kasumi''': That folder!!!

'''Hiro''': So you saw that. Then no need to explain what will happen to you.

'''Kasumi''': I see...

'''Sazanami''': Master, It's ready now.

'''Hiro''': Alright. By the way Sazanami, you are not following me?

'''Sazanami''': Nope. This time, Master needs to cheer someone up.

'''Hiro''': I see... Thanks. Please hold the fort.

'''Sazanami''': Understood.

''The Admiral and Kasumi left the office and they went to the factory.''



''The Admiral made a few instructions on Kasumi.''

'''Hiro''': Kasumi, this is a hypothetical second remodel... and since I have no Idea what will be the result, please always remember that I'll be here for you at all times.

'''Kasumi''': Stupid. Don't say that. I already know that even if you don't say that because... wait, why are you making me say these words?

'''Hiro''': Well, you just blundered yourself.

'''Kasumi''': Humph. I better go now.

'''Hiro''': Well, take care then.

''Kasumi entered the factory to commence her hypothetical second remodel.''



''A few minutes after, Kasumi went out and she was surprised to see the Admiral is speechless.''

'''Kasumi''': Admiral, why are you not saying anything?

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Kasumi''': Damn It!!!

''Kasumi stomps on the Admiral's foot and the admiral moves immediately in pain.''

'''Hiro''': Ouch! Kasumi, sorry if I didn't say anything at all....

'''Kasumi''': Honestly, Why are you like this? You always get speechless in a face of a beauty... wait? Am I beautiful?

''The Admiral gave Kasumi a mirror to check herself.''



'''Kasumi''': No way! This is me!!!

'''Hiro''': Yup. Looks like the design is spot on, and look what we have here...

''The Admiral took the ribbon that was dangling in Kasumi's pocket.''

'''Kasumi''': Wait...

'''Hiro''': let me handle this for a bit.

''The Admiral tied the black ribbon on Kasumi's hair and after that he pats Kasumi's head.''

'''Kasumi''': ...

'''Hiro''': Kasumi, what is it?

'''Kasumi''': Thank you, Hiro-san.

'''Hiro''': I see. Yup you're welcome Kasumi.

'''Kasumi''': Say... can I be with you too?

'''Hiro''': Why not? But are you sure?

'''Kasumi''': I am pretty sure now. I want you to spend your life with me.

'''Hiro''': Okay.

'''Kasumi''': Eehh!? Wait, are you sure?

'''Hiro''': why not? I think you'll be fine.

'''Kasumi''': ...

'''Hiro''': Kasumi!?

'''Kasumi''': (o///o)

'''Hiro''': What's wrong?

'''Kasumi''': Nevermind!!!

''Kasumi ran away from the Admiral and she immediately went to her room where Arare was waiting for her.''



'''Arare''': Congratz. Say, how was he?

'''Kasumi''': I can't believe he said yes... uwaahhh... what should I do?

'''Arare''': ...

'''Kasumi''': He is fine with me joining his life and I am making him responsible for taking care of me... I...I...

'''Arare''': I see... Nii-chan, I mean; the Admiral sure likes this cute Kasumi-chan. So don't worry at all.

'''Kasumi''': Really?

'''Arare''': Yes. Asides if you think he is doing something wrong, you can just kick him or shoot him with your gun battery.

'''Kasumi''': I see...

'''Arare''': So, are you okay now?

'''Kasumi''': Yes.

'''Arare''': Then, can you quiet down a bit. I am sleeping for now.



''Kasumi then greeted the Admiral and the Admiral surprised her with a small hidden celebration to commemorate her second remodel.''

==Yuubari's rosy life - girl meets girl==

''Yuubari has finished her task that day when she went to the mess hall... From there, she ordered a sandwich and seats at the available table.''

'''Yuubari''': This sandwich sure is good. It reminds me of the food the Admiral made back then.

''Yuubari munched on the sandwich and she finished it immediately.''



'''Yuubari''': Oh I know! I better thank the cook for the sandwich! It really is delicious.

''Yuubari stood up and immediately went to the kitchen door and saw Samidare and Sazanami make Sandwiches.''

'''Samidare''': Sazanami-chan, you still have work after this right?

'''Sazanami''': yup. But Master said that I should help you a bit because He said that he will deal with the documents of a certain foreign gun.

'''Samidare''': Hmm... Well, take this to the Display and we are finished for now.

''Samidare brought a tray of Sandwiches and she gave it to Sazanami and Sazanami went out to refill the stock.''

Yuubari who was watching behind the door opened the door to talk to Samidare.

'''Yuubari''': Um... Are you the one who made the sandwiches?

'''Samidare''': Yup. By the way Yuubari-san, non-Kitchen personnel must leave the premises.

'''Yuubari''': Oh! I forgot.

'''Samidare''': Can you wait for me at my office?

'''Yuubari''': Alright.



''Yuubari left the kitchen and she immediately went to Samidare's office.''

''Sazanami returned to the kitchen and then she went out to return to the Admiral's side.''

''Samidare then finished her work and returned to her office.''



''Meanwhile''.

'''Yuubari''': What should I do? I lost my will to say it.

''Yuubari was restless while waiting for Samidare's arrival.''

'''Yuubari''': I forgot to check If I am decent enough... Aargh! Why do I have to be this careless, I might smell after all.

''Samidare enters the office.''

'''Samidare''': Sorry to keep you waiting!

'''Yuubari''': I don't mind it at all. Ahahahaha...haaaah.

'''Samidare''': Yuubari-san, what do you want from me?

'''Yuubari''': (Wait, what is this cold treatment? Normally, Samidare will come to me as if she misses me.) ...

'''Samidare''': Yuubari-san, are you perhaps waiting for me to cuddle you?

'''Yuubari''': Eh!? Wait!!! (Was she that sharp? Who is this Samidare who is not sweet girl?)

'''Samidare''': Oh! Sorry for that Yuubari-san, are you mistaking me for a normal Samidare right?

'''Yuubari''': Wait... I can't follow you at all.

'''Samidare''': Okay. Yuubari-san, though I am Samidare and there are also many Samidares around. I am basically a different kind of me.

'''Yuubari''': Hmm...

'''Samidare''': Technically, I do have some sort of recollections iof being with you in a mission, but I really am not that attached to you.

'''Yuubari''': Ugh! (Yuubari felt there were arrows stabbed her soul)

'''Samidare''': But Yuubari-san, I think it’s really nice meeting you. I am Samidare. And I am going to be married to the Admiral too.

'''Yuubari''': Married? Then Secretary-chan is just...

'''Samidare''': Sazanami is getting married to the Admiral too. The difference is that she is getting the ring first while I will get the ring second.

'''Yuubari''': I see... so basically, you mean that you are already this close to the Admiral.

'''Samidare''': Yup.

''Yuubari felt envious of the development that happened immediately as if she was already cheated a long, long time ago.''



'''Samidare''': Yuubari-san. But, I want to talk to you more so please stay with me for a while.

'''Yuubari''': Really?

'''Samidare''': Yup. Actually, I need an Big Sister to talk with; but Yuudachi and Shigure is not much of a help.

'''Yuubari''': You can count on me! After all I am your reliable Big sister! (uwwaaahhh I am so done now!)

'''Samidare''': Yes, Yuubari-san!

'''Yuubari''': (aahh... Looks like conquering her is impossible now, But I wish she didn't just flatly reject my feelings at all.) Well, you can ask me anything. I am ready!?

'''Samidare''': How was the Admiral when he was still in service?

'''Yuubari''': Eh!?

'''Samidare''': I mean, I heard from Kuro-san that you are his Kouhai, so I wanna ask the things about the Admiral.

'''Yuubari''': Alright. But It's a long story. Is that fine with you?

'''Samidare''': Well. Since Suzukaze will not visit me today, I guess I am fine.

'''Yuubari''': Alright.

''Yuubari started to tell the story about the Admiral in his old days.''


==Kinugasa's return - The starting point==

''Kinugasa was happily walking with the Admiral in the City proper.''

'''Hiro''': Kino, It's been a while since we walked to this part of the city. Are you sure you want to cross this path?

'''Kinugasa''': Well, I need to confront her if I need to, since we just made it look like we are not engaged anymore but in real life... Well...

''Kinugasa fidgets as she tries to hide her embarrassment she feels inside.''

'''Hiro''': Well, I just want to remove some pair of eyes on us especially on you and to Kumano.

'''Kinugasa''': Kumano too?

'''Hiro''': Mom was probing us this long and I think she manipulated Kumano in telling the state of affairs of our base.

'''Kinugasa''': I see. So that's why you made a grand declaration to us.

'''Hiro''': Yup. But sorry If I just revealed the reason of that a few months after since I am still expecting the eyes to be looking at us.

'''Kinugasa''': Let me ask. So you did that to get rid of those eyes, but whose eye are you really avoiding?

'''Hiro''': Mom's eye... I feel that her network is more vast than sensei's network itself and I can't tap them at all.

'''Kinugasa''': I see.

'''Hiro''': But, since I have nothing to worry for now..., because we are on a date.

'''Kinugasa''': Of course, we need to drop that heavy talk once in a while.

''The two walked towards to the big house to where Kinugasa used to live.''



'''Kinugasa''': Say Hiro. I need you to be at my side this time around. I can't really fight her at all.

'''Hiro''': Well, I will be at your side no matter what happens.

''The Admiral held Kinugasa's hand.''

'''Kinugasa''': It made me feel that you are more tensed than I am.

'''Hiro''': I don't want her to know that we are still together.

'''Kinugasa''': wait, why?

'''Hiro''': She might tell mom.

'''Kinugasa''': I see.

'''Hiro''': I want to make it look like we are just dating for funs sake.

'''Kinugasa''': But...

'''Hiro''': I will just have to use drastic actions if the situation calls me to do it.

'''Kinugasa''': I trust you on that. Well then Hiro, Let’s face the boss of today's match.

'''Hiro''': Good, Looks like my hard work is paying off sooner than I thought.

''The two went to the big house to confront the boss.''


==Kinugasa's return - Middle point==

''Kino (Kinugasa outside the naval base) and the Admiral entered Kinugasa's house and they were greeted by the family's maids.''

'''Maid A''': Welcome home, Ojou-sama. You mom is expecting your arrival. shall we go immediately to the study room?

'''Kino''': Not for now. She can wait for a bit. Hiro, let's eat for now.

'''Hiro''': Good. I am a bit hungry after that walk.

'''Maid B''': Then let's proceed to the Dining room. The Madam will go there instead to accept the two of you.

'''Hiro''': Oh well. I guess this is our battle from hereon.

'''Kino''': Well... I am glad that you are here with me today.

'''Hiro''': Well then, let's go.



The couple, along with the two maids went to the Dining room and they were greeted by a stern looking adult girl in her late 50s.

'''[K]''' : Welcome home Kino. Oh, Hiro-sama, thank you for taking care of my beloved daughter.

'''Hiro''': It's a pleasure for me.

'''Kino''': Mom, you are way too formal.

'''[K]''': Oh my. I didn't raise you to be this defiant. Kino, mind your manners.

'''Kino''': Yes Mom.

'''[K]''': Oh well, being away from this house made you this sharp tongued girl. Let me correct that attitude.

'''Hiro''': Madam; Pardon me for butting in, but let us state the reason why we came here.

'''[K]''': Hiro-sama, I have heard that you are breaking off with the Agreement, But that would mean that you have no more right to talk to me or to Kino.

'''Kino''': Mom. That was all an act.

'''[K]''': An Act!? Such preposterous act destroyed my relations with Hana-sama. I better contact her to deliver the good news.

'''Hiro''': Please don't... Mom will not believe you anymore.

'''[K]''': What?

'''Hiro''': I went home yesterday to ask the status of the families involved and She told me that she will cease all communications to your family.

'''[K]''': Wait!? It means that she will not intervene with the issue I have now?

'''Hiro''': That's why we came here. Though we still have a date to do later, this one comes first.

'''Kino''': Mom, as a matter of fact, I am going to save you from this predicament myself... Even though i don't like it... But Hiro told me that I need to help you no matter what.

'''[K]''': I see... so you really trusted him all along, while I cling on his mother's power…

'''Hiro''': Well, clinging on her power is actually better. But, the best choice is to eliminate the threat itself.

'''Kino''': Hush Hiro. They are here now.

'''[K]''': the debt collectors!!! We are screwed.

'''Hiro''': Nope. We are not. I had it under control.

'''Kino''': What should I do?

'''Hiro''': Transfer the said amount to their account. Do It quickly. I don't plan on fighting them at all.

'''Kino''': Okay. Though I want to see you fight.

'''Hiro''': My clothes will get dirty.

'''Kino''': you had that cheat right? It can repair clothes too, right?

'''Hiro''': Oh! I guess there's no holding back now.

''The Admiral left the premises.''



''Outside of the house, there is a group of men clad in black were waiting standing as if measuring the situation.''

'''Shark''': Guys, our boss gave us a go signal to make the owner pay for not paying. Let’s tore them!!!

'''Mob''': Woooaaahhh!!!

''A figure stepped outside.''

'''Hiro''': I never knew that you needed a mob to make the owner surrender.

'''Shark''': Who are you?

'''Hiro''': Me? I am just your friendly neighbor.

'''Shark''': foolish, you don't know who we are? We are the...

'''Hiro''': You are the shark brother's loans and lending. You are basically the group of thugs that extort money from their lender.

'''Shark''': Tch. so you know us, why do you stand in our way?

'''Hiro''': because I feel like disbanding you guys for good.

'''Shark''': Really? I find that interesting of an answer. Men! Get him! Kill him so that we have no problems now!

'''Mob''': YEAH!!!

''The lone guy was faced against a mob of 100 men and then in a flash all 100 sent flying.''



'''Shark''': How is that possible?

'''Hiro''': Oh. I forgot to detune myself.

'''Shark''': Why you!!!

''Shark immediately rushed towards the lone guy and then he threw sand into his eye and then he tried stabbing him with a butterfly knife. But the knife stopped midway.''

'''Shark''': !!!

'''Hiro''': So you like to play tactics. Pretty smart move indeed, but since you don't know who you are dealing with, regular methods will not work.

''The knife was blocked by pen, The admiral then started fighting back while he recuperates his left eye.''



'''Shark''': Funny how you move this way too, but no sweat. I came from the army too!!!

''Shark stabbed the Admiral's hand and the Admiral didn't pay attention to the stab wound he received.''

'''Shark''': Gyahahahah! You are weak! I can pretty much kill you if it’s one on one. I guess I can pretty can kill an abyssal ship too so that the ship-girls will not work no more and they'll serve me as their master. I plan on attacking the naval base on the edge soon.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Shark''': So young man, got your last words?

'''Hiro''': What is the name of the base?

'''Shark''': The Raven base. I heard that there are tons of weirdoes but, I can manage if I attack them at the evening.

'''Hiro''': I see... Say, you wanna know who I am?

'''Shark''': No need. You will die anyways.

'''Hiro''': I see... well then, shall we continue our dance?

'''Shark''': heheheheheh.



''The Admiral took out his knife and he started fighting Shark seriously. A few minutes after, the tide turns to the Admiral's favor''

'''Shark''': What's with you, a while ago I can see your movements, but now I can't follow you at all... Gah!

''The Admiral sways to back and forth as he parries Shark's strikes and stabs him lightly on his body.''

'''Hiro''': Oh well, I guess you are not yet on a caliber that can make me resort to my final trick.

'''Shark''': What...

''Shark's movement suddenly dulls and he loses his balance.''



'''Hiro''': Well then, since I stabbed your nerves and your small arteries, I guess you are now feeling the effect of blood loss.

'''Shark''': But how, you are more injured than I am, but how did you managed to win?

'''Hiro''': Because you just aimed at my hand. If you need to defeat me, aim at my major artery or at my lungs.

'''Shark''': Gah... Damn it.

'''Hiro''': Well, I guess this is the end of your fighting career. Here I contacted your boss...

''The Admiral gave Shark his Phone and Shark heard his boss ordering him to retreat since the debt was paid already.''




'''Shark''': You'll regret this day. I'll kill you when I get better.

'''Hiro''': ...

''Shark stood up and he along with his me retreated to their base.''



''Kino went out and she saw an injured Hiro standing in the middle of the street.''

'''Hiro''': It's done?

'''Kino''': Yup. Transfer complete. Mom told me to stay close to you because she now trusts you.

'''Hiro''': Good to hear. Kino, can I rest on your lap for now?

'''Kino''': it's okay. We are lovers after all.

''The admiral rests on Kino's lap as he passively heals his wound.''


==Kinugasa's return - last point==

''A few hours later, they went to a restaurant to eat dinner (it was already night).''

'''Hiro''': Thanks for staying.

'''Kino''': well... I am indeed your lover so I think it’s natural.

'''Hiro''': Well then, let’s eat already.

'''Kino''': Okay.

''The two eat silently as they to munch and savor the food they are eating.''

''A few minutes after, they finished eating and they went to the park. From there the two are alone looking at the city scape.''



'''Hiro''': Kino...

'''Kino''': what is it? ♪

'''Hiro''': Honestly, I am grateful that you are here with me now. Honestly, there are few things I still can't say easily to Sazanami that I can say to you.

'''Kino''': I see... say, was I that convenient for you? Since we are childhood friends, we grew too close to one another that we feel like we can't exist without one another. Hiro, Am I a girl you can call convenient?

'''Hiro''': No... I didn't see you as girl of convenience at all. I didn’t even see you as a friend with benefit. You, you are this very close link to my humanity that I slowly try to regain.

'''Kino''': I see. Say, If you didn't go to the service and didn't became an Admiral... Would you ask this weak willed girl like me to be with you forever?

'''Hiro''': Yup, because you are basically my world back then. Also, I did plan on forgetting my promises already when I graduate and being tied to you.

'''Kino''': I see... So Hiro, can you show me how much you love me now? Though we are in the park, a kiss is enough.

'''Hiro''': okay.



''Kino and Hiro moved closer to one another and then they kiss intimately as they try to show their love to one another. The exchanged lasted for half a minute and they decided to not continue.''

'''Kino''': ... ''(Blushes)''

'''Hiro''': ... ''(Blushes)''

''The two stood up and held hands as they awkwardly walked back to the base they call as home.''


==Our wishes==

''One night, Maikaze is sitting in rooftop looking at the stars; she is accompanied by Nowaki; her best friend, Kazagumo; her comrade-in-arms, and Hagikaze. The four are talking about the plans for the future.''

'''Kazagumo''': Normally, I know that Arashi must be in this place. But are you sure it's alright for me to join the discussion?

'''Maikaze''': I don’t' mind it at all. Since you are also like our sister.

'''Nowaki''': Also, without your help, Maikaze will still be in a slump.

'''Hagikaze''': That's true.

'''Maikaze''': Guys!!!

'''Hagikaze''': By the way, can I ask you a question to all of you?

'''Maikaze''': Why not?

'''Nowaki''': Well... I guess I don't mind.

'''Kazagumo''': alright.

'''Hagikaze''': Say, what is your wish when you came to this world?

'''All 3''': Wish?

'''Hagikaze''': For me, my wish when I came to this world is that I want to make amends with Kaga-san and to be a great person that can help the Admiral one day.

'''Maikaze''': I see. For me, when I came to this world, I only have one wish... I want to dance until I can't dance anymore.

'''Kazagumo''': Mai... that's a bit stupid.

'''Maikaze''': I know. Hahahaah

''The group laughed lively.''

'''Nowaki''': Mai, you are too carefree. Anyways, for me... when I came to this world... My only wish is that I want to be reunited with Mai...

'''Maikaze''': Nowacchi!!! Thanks for coming!

'''Nowaki''': Yup...

''The two embraced one another.''

'''Kazagumo''': Hmm... I guess I am the last one. When I arrived here to this world, my only wish is that I can be of much help to the Admiral.

'''Hagikaze''': Well I guess we really do have our wishes.

'''Maikaze''': Yes.

'''Nowaki''': Well... (Blushes)

'''Kazagumo''': But, once in a while... when wished for something so good, there is a better opportunity awaits for you.

'''Hagikaze''': I see. Is that why you looked too love-struck?

'''Kazagumo'''; Eh!? Wait, does it show?

'''Maikaze''': Definitely!

'''Nowaki''': Yup

''Nowaki showed thumbs up to Kazagumo.''

'''Kazagumo''': (o///o)

'''Hagikaze''': Mai, you don't have a dance lesson?

'''Maikaze''': I don't have any today. The Admiral is on a date tonight. I am a bit envious on the lucky one.

'''Hagikaze''': Well... ''(I don't know what to say to comfort her)''

'''Kazagumo''': Don't worry Mai, We will ask him to have a date with us.

'''Maikaze''': Oh!

'''Kazagumo''': well then, let's wait for his return.

'''Maikaze''': Alright.

''Maikaze and Kazagumo stood up and they went out to wait for the Admiral.''

''Nowaki and Hagikaze were left on the rooftop.''

'''Hagikaze''': Are you sure you will not ask the Admiral for a date?

'''Nowaki''': I will just message him. I still can't face him because I feel like I am going to faint if I look at him

'''Hagikaze''': I see.

'''Nowaki''': Well...

''Hagikaze showed a picture of the Admiral while he is fighting a certain guy.''

'''Nowaki''': He can fight? Wait, how did you get that pic?

'''Hagikaze''': Aoba-san was taking photos so I asked her to give me one. So far this photo sure is manly. Say Nowaki, do you see his wound on his left hand?

'''Nowaki''': I see...

'''Hagikaze''': Please take care of it.

''Hagikaze winks and she gave Nowaki the photo.''
'''Nowaki''': Wait... is this fine for you?

'''Hagikaze''': Well, you need it more than I need it.    

'''Nowaki''': I see.

'''Hagikaze''': I better sleep for now.

'''Nowaki''': good night.

'''Hagikaze''': Yup good night.

''Hagikaze left the rooftop and Nowaki was left there to look at the stars.''



'''Nowaki''': The star shines so bright. I like it. I wish the Admiral can see it too with me.



==Kazagumo's cooking show==

''Kazagumo illegally borrowed the kitchen to do some cooking of her own.''



'''Kazagumo''': Let me see... If I add potatoes to this mixture... then I can pretty much wait for it to get soft... Wait, why was the potatoes sliced into medium sliced cubes. Could it be!? No!!!

Kazagumo turned the stove off and she immediately grabs the knife and she started peeling the potatoes.

'''Kazagumo '''... (I wonder how much effort Do I need to do in order to please the Admiral...) Ow!

''Kazagumo has wounded herself in using the knife.''

'''Kazagumo''': Now is not the time to worry about a small wound!

Kazagumo proceeds with the peeling and she injures her hand more.



''A few minutes after, Kazagumo finished preparing and she turned the stove on.''

'''Kazagumo''': Let's see. Since it's optional to add boiled eggs, I can pretty much cook the rest now. Hmm...

''Kazagumo continued to cook the food until she got her desired outcome.''

'''Kazagumo''': Now then. With this, I can capture the Admiral's heart now.



''As Kazagumo carefully places her food into the tray, Akigumo enters the Kitchen after smelling something.''

'''Akigumo''': Oh my. Kazagumo is cooking? Some kind of a Miracle! I bet Makigumo will be surprised by this!!!

'''Kazagumo''': Well Akigumo, I think Makigumo-nee knows that I can cook.

'''Akigumo''': Really...

'''Kazagumo''': Well then, I better deliver it to the Admiral.

'''Akigumo''': Wait a minute!

'''Kazagumo''': What is it this time? Modeling for your story? Nope. I decline that offer. Say, how about you look for other models. I mean there are many of us here. So, getting one is easy.

'''Akigumo''': Alright.

''Akigumo dejectedly leaves the Kitchen.''

'''Kazagumo''': Well then, Time to give this to the admiral.



Kazagumo pushes her cart towards the Admiral's office. From there, Kazagumo saw the Admiral is sleeping in the desk after doing some work.

'''Kazagumo''': (He is cute when he is sleeping. I will burn this sight into my mind.)

''Kazagumo then opens the tray to let the smoke run towards the Admiral's nose.''



'''Hiro''': ...

'''Kazagumo''': Admiral, wake up. Your food is ready.

''The Admiral woke up and he saw a plate of food served on him.''

'''Hiro''': Kazagumo, did you made this?

'''Kazagumo''': Yes Admiral!

'''Hiro''': Well then. ''(I hope this taste better.)''

The admiral tasted the food that Kazagumo made and he was surprised to taste something great.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Kazagumo''': Admiral?

''The Admiral shed tears.''

'''Hiro''': I can't believe you have improved Kazagumo. I am proud of... Kazagumo? Did those hurt?

''Kazagumo tries to hide the bandaged hand of hers to the sight of the Admiral.''

'''Hiro''': You got injured? Kazagumo... let me hold your hand.

'''Kazagumo''': Admiral..., wait! don't touch that... ouch!!!

'''Hiro''': Sorry. Say Kazagumo, did you talked to someone before entering here?

'''Kazagumo''': I did. It's Akigumo.

'''Hiro''': Akigumo... At best she is as troublesome as Aoba in terms of trouble making capacity.

'''Kazagumo''': why is that?

'''Hiro''': Akigumo is an artist in bloom.

'''Kazagumo''': But why was she a trouble?

'''Hiro''': She made doujins, The R-18 ones.

'''Kazagumo''': Doujins?

'''Hiro''': I confiscated one (Really?) and look at this...

''Kazagumo took the confiscated (lol) doujin and she browsed the pages and she stopped looking at the big 2 page panoramic scene.''

'''Kazagumo''': aa...aa...aa..aa..aa... he is putting it inside... She is ... aa...

''Kazagumo dropped the confiscated (lol) doujin and she fell to her knees.''



'''Kazagumo''': How indecent! I can't believe she uses models like me to draw scenarios like that.

'''Hiro''': Well... The thing is unavoidable. Wait!

'''Kazagumo''': What is it?

'''Hiro''': I don't know but I feel like we are being watched.

'''Kazagumo''': By whom?

'''Hiro''': Well then. Please hold yourself to a stable place.

'''Kazagumo''': Why?

'''Hiro''': I will confirm if someone is here.

'''Kazagumo''': By what... uwahhh!

''Kazagumo loses her balance and she fell to her knees as the Admiral tap his feet to the ground.''

All of the people on that place loses their balance for a bit and they fell on their knees... and so is the person who is hiding.



''Kazagumo later regains her balance.''

'''Kazagumo''': Admiral, what is that?

'''Hiro''': It's a tap to the ground.

'''Kazagumo''': I feel like I am in a short earthquake.

'''Hiro''': Yes. It's an earthquake-like feeling indeed.

'''Kazagumo''': I see...

'''Hiro''': Say, can you stand up. I am going to catch the mouse.

'''Kazagumo''': I can't help me please.

'''Hiro''': ...

''The Admiral Pulled Kazagumo up and she immediately embrace the Admiral.''

'''Kazagumo''': Catch you!!!

'''Hiro''': wait... I need to catch that perpetrator.

'''Kazagumo''': Well... I think she is out of conscious right now.

'''Hiro''': Well then, let us go and catch her.

'''Kazagumo''': Yes.

''The two went out to catch the perpetrator.''


==Akigumo's Shenanigans==

''Akigumo was hiding on a vacate room and she was looking at the scene that unfolds in her eyes.''

'''Akigumo''': The Admiral and Kazagumo-san sure is close. I wanna the next scenario that comes to my mind.

''Then suddenly, Akigumo felt that the world was shaking.''

'''Akigumo''': earthquake? Wait, why did I feel like I am losing my consciousness?

''Akigumo fell and fainted.''





Akigumo woke up in the office to where Sazanami and Kazagumo were and Sazanami was holding Akigumo's sketchpad.

''Akigumo realized that she was tied and she was placed on a bolted chair.''

'''Akigumo''': Umm..., Sazanami-san; Kazagumo, What is this?

'''Sazanami''': Normally, I am usually too lenient on you since you are somewhat making not-so-troublesome requests but today, you have made a bit of a blunder of sneaking to the Admiral.

'''Kazagumo''': Also, WE will confiscate your art materials you carry today as punishment for snooping.

'''Akigumo''': Umm... Let's be nice to one each other and I'll make sure I will not cross your path ever again.

'''Sazanami''': Well... Since Master said that we need to take care of you I guess releasing you is the best option ever.

'''Akigumo''': Please do. (This is easy)



''Sazanami removes Akigumo's restraints and she then Akigumo then elbowed Sazanami and she took the sketchpad from her hands and she tried to escape the door.''
'''Akigumo''': Sorry about that Sazanami-san, But these works are more important than my... uwaaah!!!

''Akigumo hits the wall as she exits the door.''


'''Akigumo''': Ow... what is this, a door hiding in the wall?

'''Kazagumo''': well then... Akigumo-san, shall we keep you company while Samidare-chan is busy getting your illegal works.

'''Akigumo''': Tch...

Sazanami stood up with her eyes burning in rage.



'''Sazanami''': Never in my life I had been attack in such a lowly manner. Better prepare yourself.

Sazanami immediately grabbed Akigumo's arm and do an Arm bar. Akigumo tries to release her arm but her efforts are in vain.

'''Akigumo''': Ow ow ow ow... Let me go. I give up! Please release me!

''Sazanami then releases Akigumo's arm and Akigumo didn't even tried to get out of the room.''




''Suddenly, the wall opened.''

'''Akigumo''': No way!! The door was concealed to the walls?

The Admiral enters from the secret entrance.



'''Hiro''': Yo! So how was this room's trick?

'''Akigumo''': So despicable.

'''Hiro''': Well that's good. Sazanami, release her now.

'''Sazanami''': Yes Master.

''Sazanami stood up and she went to the Admiral's side.''

'''Hiro''': Well then, since I caught you in the act of peeping us... I have devised a punishment system.

'''Akigumo''': I don't like this punishment thing of yours...

'''Hiro''': Well... Heheheeheheh

''Kazagumo shivers as she saw the change in the Admiral's face.''

'''Sazanami''': Master, your wickedness is showing.

'''Hiro''': As Punishment…, Akigumo, Please help out other ships in the sparkle runs.

'''Akigumo''': Sparkle runs?

'''Hiro''': Yup. Go now and do 1-1.

'''Akigumo''': Heheh... I will go. (That was easy)

''Akigumo left and she went to find her escort to do 1-1 sparkling runs.''



'''Sazanami''': Master, that was a bit of an easy task?

'''Kazagumo''': Yeah Admiral. That is easy.

'''Hiro''': Well, technically, I hate sparkling runs.

'''Sazanami''': Why?

'''Hiro''': because the necessary ships needed to sparkle needs to continuously go to 1-1 for easy killing.

'''Kazagumo''': Then why was the punishment like that?

'''Hiro''': Well then, the punch line. Akigumo will not sit until the sparkling request is done.

'''Sazanami''': ...

'''Kazagumo''': How evil...

'''Hiro''': It's a punishment. Of course she can rest when she gets heavily damage and the experience is low for as long as she didn't became the MVP.

'''Sazanami''': I see...

'''Kazagumo''': Oh.

'''Hiro''': Well then let's return to the office. The confiscation thingy is a lie anyways.

'''Sazanami''': Alright Master.

'''Kazagumo''': Eh!?



Kazagumo felt that she remembered something she wasn't supposed to remember.

''That night Kazagumo didn’t slept at all.''


==The future ahead...==

''Sazanami and the Admrial and Samidare are sitting in the rooftop looking at the stars in the night sky.''

'''Hiro''': Well then...

'''Samidare and Sazanami''': Shh...

'''Hiro''': Sorry.



''The three looked up and witness the twinkling of the stars.''

The three held each other's hand as they looked up in the stars to watch the magnificent view.

''Kazagumo who had been hiding behind the door tries to enter but she was stopped by Maikaze and Kasumi who were letting them get the attention all they want.''


'''Kazagumo''': But, If I am not there...

'''Maikaze''': It's best that you will not disturb them. Kazagumo-chan, you should know better.

'''Kasumi''': Hmph! Asides, what's with you two sooo fawning over him. He could ... just... put all of... his attention... to me...

'''Kazagumo''': So Kasumi-chan loves the Admiral. heheh...

'''Kasumi''': Whaa... what are you implying?

'''Maikaze''': Well, this kid is denies too much yet she secretly yearns for him. I like her.

'''Kasumi''': I better leave...

'''Kazagumo''': Wait for me. Mai, let's go now.

'''Maikaze''': Alright. I'll let this pass for now.

''The three girls left and they went back to their extra activities.''




''Meanwhile Kinugasa and Kumano were drinking in the opposite side of the building.''

'''Kinugasa''': Hmm... Hiro, why was he being with the Samidare and Sazanami-san when he could be with us?

'''Kumano''': Well, you know him... he will try to pamper them that much. He sure likes to spoil them.

'''Knugasa''': But you are the most spoiled of them all.

'''Kumano''': Tehee~!

'''Kinugasa''': ...

'''Kumano''': Anyways, I had mailed him to come to this side when he is over with spoiling with them.

'''Kinugasa''': I see, Great Job Kumano-chan.

'''Kumano''': Yup Kino-nee, Thanks for the Advice.

'''Kinugasa''': But funny thing about him is that... He made a grand way of making us think that he is cutting his connections with us to hide his true intentions of hiding us to the prying eyes of her Mother.

'''Kumano''': His mother... I remembered her aura, she reminds me that Aoba.

'''Kinugasa''': Aoba was her student. She is far more dangerous than Aoba.

'''Kumano''': So, did he get the result? Did we escape the prying eyes?

'''Kinugasa''': Yup. As a matter of fact, she didn't contact us back since then.

'''Kumano''': Well, I guess I can breathe easily now since his mom is not watching us.

'''Kinugasa''': But our trouble will start now, since we kinda failed in securing something.

'''Kumano''': What is it?

'''Kinugasa''': Her sister is now awake.

'''Kumano''': Why?

'''Kinugasa''': I heard from Maya and Choukai that she is even better than Hiro.

'''Kumano''': I see.

'''Kinugasa''': But, judging from things; she will not be much of a threat.

'''Kumano''': I see. Well then, Lets drop this talk and have a wonderful drink tonight. Hope Hiro-sama will go to this side too.

'''Kinugasa''': Okay! Cheers for our very good future ahead.

''The two drink their night away.''



''Back at the Admiral and the two…''

'''Hiro''': Sazanami.

'''Sazanami''': Master, I know what you are trying to convey. No, you can't go there.

'''Hiro''': I see...

''Sazanami tightly grabs the Admiral's right arm and she tries to keep him to herself.''

'''Samidare''': Admiral, Please let me hold you too.

'''Hiro''': Alright. I can't deny your eyes after all.

''Samidare grabbed his left arm as she tries to keep him too.''


'''Hiro''': oh well... How can I reply back to Kumano?

''Sazanami pulled out her phone and she sends an email to Kumano.''



'''Sazanami''': Master, I already did it. Please rest assured.

'''Hiro''': Oh well. Let's just watch the stars tonight.

'''Sazanami''': Definitely.

'''Samidare''': Yup.

''And the three just stayed up there looking at the stars all night long.''

- end.
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]