==The day of his leave==

'''Hiro''': Okay girls, I'll be going for a while... Please don't watch too much TV and go out and play. If you are going to the city, please bring someone who will escort you. Understood?

'''All''': Yes Admiral.

'''Sazanami''': Master, where would you go this time around when the campaign is going to start soon.

'''Hiro''': Ah. I've got an appointment to attend and I want to make sure I am there.

'''Sazanami''': Okay. Say Master, if we ever got wind that you are hitting other female Admirals out there... I'll go out and crucify you and drag you back to the base.

'''Hiro''': That's harsh. But I am not going out to where the girls are.

'''Sazanami''': Or could it be... that you are recruiting again?

'''Hiro''': Enough with that assumption already. You are too insecure anyways. By the way... there's no way I'll break that vow since you two made that pact with me.

'''Sazanami''': Uuu...

''The crowd started gossiping on what things might have happened during that pact.''

'''Hiro''': By the way, since you are all going to laze around. How about clean the base for a bit.

'''All''': !?

'''Hiro''': what's with that reaction? Say, did you clean it already? Oh well... I've gotta go then.

''The Admiral waved his hand back and forth to the girls he left behind in the naval base.''

'''Sazanami''': Something is really fishy about the Admiral.

'''Samidare''': Well, It can't be helped. It was that day anyways.

'''Sazanami''': What kind of day is today?

'''Samidare''': The day where he has to see those who had departed...

'''Sazanami''': But November 1 and 2 has passed.

'''Samidare''': well, he has his own reasons. I wanted to join him but he refused to let me join.

'''Sazanami''': I see... Now then.

''As she looked back everyone went back and do the things they want to do.''



==Sazanami's loneliness==

''Sazanami stare blankly at the Office while Samidare is outside and having a fun talk with Suzukaze. As she stares the sea from the window, Ushio; Her longest friend and closest pal enters and gave her a cup of tea.''

'''Ushio''': Sazanami-chan. Here's your tea.

'''Sazanami''': Thanks Ushio. Say, do you ever feel lonely? Since Akebono-chan is not here and Oboro-san seems to be all the time busy tending the crabs. Do you feel lonely at all?

'''Ushio''': (sits on the extra chair) I do get lonely from time to time. Asides, all of us get lonely whenever we feel something is not complete or something is missing.

'''Sazanami''': I see; looks like it is pretty normal for us to feel that way. Say, you have gone better in making tea... did you do it every day?

'''Ushio''': Well, I asked Fusou-san to help me make tea because I want to be of some use to the Admiral when the time comes. Well, I am not really hoping for that anyways since you are already chosen by him. There's no way I'll ever go there and take your place.

'''Sazanami''': Thanks Ushio-chan. Sorry if I ever caused you pain.

'''Ushio''': Don't mind it Sazanami-chan. After all, it's just love at first sight for me. He is truly a great person and he hasn't hurt me even when we are sparring.

'''Sazanami''': Ah. I was reminded that he used that sweet strike on you and Haruna. How was the feeling of being hit by that? I was hit, but I didn't remember it because I was tense by the existence of the air scythe he is using.

'''Ushio''': When he used that move... I was suddenly drawn into a dream where I can't help myself but to rest. I always seen scenery of where the 4 of us get together and we are happy at all times.

'''Sazanami''': An attack move that opens up a part of your deepest and sincerest wish. a very beautiful dream.

'''Ushio''': Say, what did you see in yours?

'''Sazanami''': !?

'''Ushio''': From the looks of it... I can see that it was something that a girl of our age would want. Say, how long had he been there inside of your heart?

'''Sazanami''': more than a year from today... Wait! It's a year starting today!

'''Ushio''': Hm...

'''Sazanami''': I think I knew where he went all this time.

'''Ushio''': will you go and get him today?

'''Sazanami''': I'll wait until it's time. From the looks of it, I think he'll be coming back at the evening.

'''Ushio''': So, how long will you wait.

'''Sazanami''': Until he decided to call out for my name. After all, he called to me once... before we started this Popsicle Joint.

'''Ushio''': well, I can listen to you if you want. After all, we are in this together.

'''Sazanami''': Yup.

''And the two talked all day long remembers the events that happened during that time.''



==Sazanami's past.==

'''''- I was a young girl raised by my father.<br />- He was a very reliable guy that single-handedly raised me to who I am now.<br />- As he was my exemplified Role model, I see that he has no flaws whatsoever.<br />- And As I say this I think I've forgotten what kind of a girl I was before I lost him and meeting the Man of my life.'''''
''
Life was simple and I was only 16. I was studying in a decent school and have good grades. I could say that I am hardworking person and not the Genius types that appear out of nowhere. But one day... when everything was peaceful and when everything was happy..., an incident occur.''



''Abyssals came from the neighboring town swept the town I lived in. It almost decimated the structures and the livelihood of people. But as they wreck havoc, they claim lives when they pass.''

''I was just a young naive girl back then and I believe that I can't live properly if my dad died in any cause. But as a young girl, I was forced to accept the truth; He died trying to protect the most important thing he has in his pitiful life... Me.''

''I survived the said attack and was alone for the rest of my life. I was then taken to a military institution when they realized that I am compatible with their artifact. Back then, Ship-girls were treated as lab rats for tests if they are the ones who can defeat the abyssals.''

''I was luckily selected as the prime tester for it... But it was quite unlucky for those who are not. They are later put to the field and let them to die in the hands of our enemies.''

''The military is the same; they try to snatch us from the ones who got us. And then, there'll always be confrontations every now and then. I met a young girl whose importance is somewhat questionable, but I knew in my heart that she is already exhausted and weak, but willing to work hard..., If she can step up.''

''Most of the time, I find myself scrambling for cover whenever an abyssal was set loose inside the labs. We are kinda forced to obey to their commands since we had no ways of fighting those abominations.''
''
But one day..., a soldier came and decided to do something different.''

'''Sazanami''': Who is there?

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Sazanami''': If you are here to take us away and use to your own experiments... then just kill me!

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Sazanami''': Soldier! Please kill me already!!!

'''Hiro''': Miss. I am in no position to kill someone so young like you.

''his radio began screaming...''

'''Voice on the Radio:''' Raven!!! What going on!? Why are you talking to a girl inside the facility?

'''Hiro''': Watchtower... This laboratory is not the terrorist lab. It’s one of our own.

'''Watchtower''': Whatever, Just burn it and leave then in the ground! Asides, you don't have the right to talk me back!

'''Hiro''': negative! There are civilians trapped in the area.

'''Watchtower''': They are their Test Subjects. Kill them instead.

'''Hiro''': ... (Thinks twice) Affirmative...,

''The Solider Hiro Turned the radio off and started opening the cage''

'''Sazanami''': in the end...

'''Hiro''': Listen here young girl, if you survive, come and get me... I'll take care of you and all. But if you die, then that's it. From now on, you are free on whatever decisions you have to do.

'''Sazanami''': ...

''The soldier left his knife and went out. He threw gasoline and splashed it around the lab. He threw a torch and the place started burning in an instant. He left and went out.''

'''Sazanami''': I must go...

'''(*):''' Please take me too...

'''Sazanami''': Alright... What!!!

'''Lab worker''': You!!! How did you escape! Never mind... I'll take you with me.

'''Sazanami''': Noo...

'''(*):''' I'll save you... You can go now!!!

'''Sazanami''': Wait!!!

''I was pushed and fell to a hole that leads towards the exit... As I look at up, I saw the laboratory burned to a crisp.''

'''Sazanami''': ...

''I stood up and walk away from here... But luck was not on my side as I speak. I was located and brought to a nearby facility.''

''Life was a bit easier this time, but this time, we are given with basic commodities that we need.  Place that can be called shelter, food, clothing and even people I can mingle. But from my observation I saw 4 others that are great people. They are with great leadership abilities... or so?''


''A few months later, I was getting used to this small warehouse when I saw a familiar face.''

'''Sazanami''': !!!

'''Hiro''': Oh! It's you again.

'''Sazanami''': Yup. As you can see... I survived.

'''Hiro''': Well that's great, but looks like I will have a hard time this time around.

'''Sazanami''': really?

'''Hiro''': Say, I know it's an abandoned facility... But is that really true?

'''Sazanami''': Not really. We can live in the comforts called shelter.

'''Hiro''': Okay... Let's say that it's true... Then, our budget is really spent on maintaining this dead-unused project. Say, when will be your due dates?

'''Sazanami''': !?

'''Hiro''': I see... So you are not aware.

'''Sazamami''': Wait, what do you mean with the due date?

Hiro: Well, if I am correct, since you girls are more of a liability than an asset... they will silence you..., for good.

'''Sazanami''': (gulp)

'''Hiro''': But, in my pursuit of my revenge...

Sazanami: revenge?

'''Hiro''': Yup... Long term revenge against the abyssals, I'll find my way to bring them down.

'''Sazanami''': I can help you with that.

'''Hiro''': How can you help me?

'''Sazanami''': I will be a ship-girl for you!

'''Hiro''': ... (Wow!)

''His radio suddenly sent a transmission''

'''Hoshi''': Raven, Hoshi speaking; we have a problem.

'''Hiro''': Hoshi, what's the problem?

'''Hoshi''': Their expiration date is next week. We need to move fast.

'''Hiro''': I see...

'''Sazanami''': You, What are you planning to do?

'''Hiro''': I'll need some help from the people that I can trust. I am leading a revolution.

'''Sazanami''': Revolution!? Are you nuts?

'''Hiro''': Oh... sorry for the term. I'll be making a game changer.

'''Sazanami''': ...

'''Hiro''': (responds to the radio) please patch me to Sensei. I'll need her backing on this. Please!

'''Hoshi''': SO the great Raven can ask a favors too. Well then, this is my thanks for you... I'll patch you to Sensei.

'''Hiro''': Thanks. You are a life saver.

'''Hoshi''': Just let me get a piece of your action too...

'''Hiro''': okay.

'''Sazanami''': what's going on?

'''Hiro''': I'll be going now. I am meeting with my teacher and discuss things for the future of this world.

'''Sazanami''': It's vague you know.

'''Hiro''': I should be vague. I am keeping up my character after all.

'''Sazanami''': (did he have a screw loose too?)

''The soldier left and the other girls looked at my direction to see what was unfolding in our discussion.''

'''Samidare''': ...

'''Sazanami''': What is the problem?

'''Inazuma''': You are just talking to an outsider... didn't you?

'''Sazanami''': what is the problem with that?

'''Murakumo''': I hate it! Now in a few days, we would have to move to another facility...

'''Sazanami''': what!!!

'''Samidare''': ... Hi...

'''Sazanami''': What's wrong?

'''Samidare''': He is here!? Why didn't you tell me that you met him!!!

'''Sazanami''': What do you mean of him? The soldier? Who was he?

'''Samidare''': ...

'''Fubuki''': Now, now... Let's us calm down and be easy to one another... It's not her fault anyways.

''All of them glared at the plain looking girl.''

'''Fubuki''': Now... Please don't redirect your anger towards me!!!

''I suddenly felt weak after that...''





''And then a few days after, He didn't come back.''






''We were advised that we will be moving to another facility due to unexpected circumstances. But I knew in my heart that it's because that soldier has the capacity to save us all.''
''
But in my nightmare, I realized the dark truth. They will dispose all of us and will be thrown into a grinder to eliminate the remains. As they were come and get us one by one, they grab them and carry them into darkness of the night to do a hideous thing... I prayed that he would come out and save me... But in the end, he didn't come back.''

''Then it’s my turn to face death.''

''As they dragged me into a dark room, they stripped me and they tried to violate me against my will... as I struggle... I screamed calling for some unknown help and finally... a knight showed up.''



'''Hiro''': Put her down!!!

'''Soldier '''1: Tch! I thought we shot him dead already?

'''Soldier '''2: Looks like He need to die a second death...,

'''Hiro''': Fine by me... (kill switch)

''I was held by two more soldiers... and Saw the battle that unfolds right in front of my eyes... In an instant, he cut the Soldier's head as if he didn't care if they are his comrades or not. Or rather..., He sees them as those despicable things he speaks of.''
'''Soldier '''3: What... How!!!

'''Soldier '''4: idiot. Fire already!

''Gunshots were fired but...''

'''Soldier '''4: EEk!!!

'''Hiro''': [Reverse flash - Bullet Break]

'''Soldier '''3: What kind of Nonsense are you spouting... Guhaaa...

''The soldier's head fell to the floor.''

'''Hiro''': [True Strike - True Scythe]

''The other soldier went out but he was immediately dissolved by an invisible force...''

'''Hiro''': [Area Skill - Invisible Acid Wall]

'''Sazanami''': !!!
''
I fell to my knees to see a monster out of some irregular story and was terrified to see his eyes that was dyed with blood.''

'''Sazanami''': aaa...

''He put his hand in my neck and tried to crush my neck... I cried and suddenly...''
'''Sazanami''': Help... me...

'''Hiro''': !!! (Went back to his senses)

'''Sazanami''': Aaa...

'''Hiro''': Sorry...

''He carefully put me down and covers me with his bloodied uniform and takes me out of the hellish grinder.''


''
A few months after, I came out and greet him wearing a new set of dress.''

'''Hiro''': ?

'''Sazanami''': What's the matter Master?

'''Hiro''': It's you... (Slightly used to her appearance already)

'''Sazanami''': Say, who do you want to see instead of this beauty of a girl like me?

'''Hiro''': Well, I wanted to get Samidare... Why do I even have you?
''
A mysterious girl comes out of nowhere''
'''Aoba''': Heck. Do you remember I won in our bet...,

'''Hiro''': So this is my punishment for breaking into command once.

'''Aoba''': Well, you must thank me for letting you off the hook. And aside, Samidare-chan is a lovely girl... I think if you two get together you two will just go merry-making in no time.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Sazanami''': What!!??

'''Hiro''': Well...

'''Sazanami''': You have a crush on Samidare?

'''Hiro''': Yes...

'''Sazanami''': Tch... Anyways; Now that I am assigned to you Master, Please take care of me from now on! I am Sazanami, an Ayanami-class destroyer.

'''Hiro''': I am Raven. For some certain reasons, I cannot give you my real name. But after I took care all of those who are still a threat to my game-changing plans, I shall reveal my nae to those who I really trust and care for.

'''Sazanami''': OH well...

'''Hiro''': But I think if you ask Samidare immediately, she can give you my name.

'''Sazanami''': !?

'''Aoba''': Well, I don't plan on letting you two meet. So give up Sazanami-chan.

'''Sazanami''': Buu... I'll get you next time. Listen Samidare-san, I will win Master's heart... So just stay as what you are... away from him.

'''Hiro''': ...

''Samidare suddenly peeked from the window and shout out her true feelings.''

'''Samidare''': Fine. I'll be snatching him if he visits me from time to time. I'll make sure to keep him company until he grew tired of you!!!

'''Sazanami''': ...

'''Hiro''': Ouch! Aoi... please don't say that...

'''Samidare''': You know... I hate her... She didn't tell me that she already met you!

'''Hiro''': That's it?

'''Samidare''': Because I've been searching for you... I want to us fulfil our vow to one another.

'''Hiro''': Okay.

'''Sazanami''': ... (Damn it!)

'''Aoba''': well then. I'll be going now. Samidare, Lets go to the base.

'''Samidare''': Yes Ma'am...

''The two left and we also went to our home.''

==Samidare's faint pain==

'''''Samidare and Suzukaze are in the rooftop talking to one another about things they want to ask to one another.'''''

'''Samidare''': Suzukaze, what is it that you wanted to ask of me?

'''Suzukaze''': Well, I saw the Admiral went out. Why was he carrying a bottle of liquor?

'''Samidare''': It's for our friends that didn't make it out here.

'''Suzukaze''': ?

'''Samidare''': You could see it since we share some of our memories, right?

'''Suzukaze''': I see... Wait, Why would he visit them... are they in a hospital? Are they sick or something?

'''Samidare''': They are all killed...

'''Suzukaze''': !?

'''Samidare''': Honestly... I kinda wished we weren't saved at all so that he can move on and start anew rather than sticking up to us.

'''Suzukaze''': But you see sis... He did that because he saw potential in all of you. Also he knew it was injustice itself to lock beautiful girls in an abandoned warehouse.

'''Samidare''': Well... Wait, I don't think he saw all of us.

'''Suzukaze''': Well, he might have not. But he met Sazanami-san right?

'''Samidare''': well, it’s true. By the way, how's the cooking faring?

'''Suzukaze''': As always, I burn my hands... say did I just have your clumsiness too?

'''Samidare''': I don't know about that.

'''Suzukaze''': But to think I am a part of you once is something a different feel... Well, I know where he is anyways... can I go to him?

'''Samidare''': Nope... But I'll bring him home around the late afternoon. He must be tired by then.

'''Suzukaze''': Then...

'''Samidare''': Nope. I alone will bring him.

'''Suzukaze''': Buu... how mean, you just want to hog him all by yourself.

'''Samidare''': well... I guess. Wait, why are you making me spill those things?

'''Suzukaze''': Well you are too gullible anyways. Sis, Will Sazanami-san go there too?

'''Samidare''': I guess she will. after all, she was the one that is needed... (sigh)

'''Suzukaze''': In the end, you are unneeded... (sigh)

''The two sighed a lot after that conversation.''

''Meanwhile Shigure and Yuudachi are peeking at the door and listening to their conversation.''

'''Yuudachi''': Samidare-chan is sighing a lot... why?

'''Shigure''': That stupid admiral must have been hurting her again. I had enough; we must lend her a hand now.

'''Yuudachi''': But, she will not be happy if she heard that we helped out.

'''Shigure''': Well, It'll be a miracle if she ever gets wind of this.

'''Yuudachi''': Shigure... are you perhaps...

'''Shigure''': No Yuudachi, I left it all behind after seeing Samidare's smile... I won't let anyone hurt her more than what she is feeling right now.

'''Yuudachi''': ...

'''Shigure''': let's go. We'll meet Kawakaze and decide on how things will progress.

'''Yuudachi''': Okay. (Will this gonna be alright for Samidare-chan?)

''And the two went down to meet Kawakaze.''


==The room where it all started==

'''''Two months before the establishment of the Naval base, The Soldier named Hiro went to see the people he saved that night to see if they are alright and are in great conditions...'''''

'''Hiro''': Sensei! How are they?

'''Aoba''': Well... They are fine, but honestly I think they are already a lost cause already.

'''Hiro''': I see... By the way, did you see the pink-haired girl?

'''Aoba''': oh. That girl, It seems that she wanted to see you. Say, are you sure you are not charismatic enough?

'''Hiro''': Shut it sensei... My Betrothed will be mad at me if she ever hears this.

'''Aoba''': Ooo... You are engaged!?

'''Hiro''': Not yet... But we are planned to have an engagement party once I go home for the next few months.

'''Aoba''': I see... By the way Hiro..., (knows his true name.)

'''Hiro''': What is it?

'''Aoba''': there was a girl with long blue hair and blue eyes and somehow she was calling your name too... I think her name was [Aoi]

'''Hiro''': !!!

'''Aoba''': What is the matter?

'''Hiro''': She's here?

'''Aoba''': well duh, you saved 5 of them, why can't you remember any of that? Ah!!!

'''Hiro''': I remembered saving the pink one... Hoshi went there to get the others who had been left there.

'''Aoba''': Oh. It’s actually Hoshi...  By the way, what will you do from here? Will you take them home? Will you let them go to the wild only to be caught by those wretched fools?

'''Hiro''': I still don't know. But I plan on raising them so that we can fight those Abyssals..., Funny how I am training girls to take up arms and kill those abominations.

'''Aoba''': Well, sooner or later, we will go there too... But now, we need to pass that proposal... well, I can always aim for their throats if I am paid with the reasonable sum.

'''Hiro''': Stop it... Asides, they'll kill us if you do that.

'''Aoba''': Tch... You are no fun at all...

'''Hiro''': I am plying safe for now.

'''Aoba''': But we only have 2 more months before we need to go to combat, If we left them alone, who knows what will happen.

'''Hiro''': Well... Sensei, Please teach me how to become a teacher!

'''Aoba''': Nope... There's no way I can do that. Asides, Did I even taught you of anything?

'''Hiro''': Well... there's none I can think of. Ah!?

'''Aoba''': see...

'''Hiro''': You are such a scam...

'''Aoba''': Heheheheh.

'''Hiro''': I'll go see Aoi now.

'''Aoba''': well, I hope by meeting them, you can find your answer.

'''Hiro''': I hope so.

''The Soldier Hiro entered the white room.''



''He met a familiar girl with long blue hair and eyes that reflects the color of the sea.''

'''Hiro''': [Aoi]...

'''Samidare''': It's Samidare. Hiro-san, how are you?    

'''Hiro''': I am in the service. I am fighting for my country. And fighting for...

'''Samidare''': Do you still remember?

'''Hiro''': Yes... Sorry If I didn't came early to get you.

'''Samidare''': I don't mind.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Samidare''': So, how is your life there?

'''Hiro''': As usual... tough and crazy.

'''Samidare''': Okay.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Samidare''': ...

'''Hiro''': can I ask you a question?

'''Samidare''': What is it?

'''Hiro''': How did you managed to get tied here?

'''Samidare''': Ah. So you didn't know after all.

'''Hiro''': Are you a ship-girl?

'''Samidare''': Well, that's what they called me anyways. I have no Idea why they call me that though.

'''Hiro''': I think because you are somewhat capable of surviving against an abyssal... asides.

'''Samidare''': !?

'''Hiro''': These fairies really like to stick with you.

'''Samidare''': I see... How come you can see them too?    

'''Hiro''': I don't know. But after I woke up, I can finally see them too.

'''Samidare''': I see... You must be a ship-girl too...

'''Hiro''': Except that I am a guy...

'''Samidare''': Yup... (smiles)

'''Hiro''': Aoi...

'''Samidare''': Call me Samidare... I also like this name. After all, I finally know who I am.

'''Hiro''': Alright Samidare.

'''Samidare''': But, you can also call me Aoi if we are alone...

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Samidare''': Well, I'd rather not hog you all by myself. After all, they want to meet the one who saved them.

''There are 4 faces that are peeking on the wall.''

'''Inazuma''': ... (Stare)

'''Murakumo''': ... (stare)

'''Fubuki''': ... (stare)

'''Sazanami''': ... (stare)

'''Hiro''': Well then, all of you. You can go out there and talk to me. Don't worry. I don't bite at all.

'''All '''4: Yes!!!

''
The Soldier Hiro and the 5 girls spend a fair amount of time talking to one another. After that, he went out and made his mind.''

'''Hiro''': Sensei...

'''Aoba''': what is it?

'''Hiro''': I made up my mind. I'll fight with them. But, I have a problem.

'''Aoba''': What is it?

'''Hiro''': I can't take them all.

'''Aoba''': Why?

'''Hiro''': There was Already a passed article on this and they said I can only take one myself.

'''Aoba''': Oh... That was made by the legendary helper.

'''Hiro''': Legendry helper? I had heard those stories from my mom, Like the first time they arrived and destroyed the abyssals in one shot.

'''Aoba''': Wait, that's already 120 years ago?

'''Hiro''': Really?

'''Aoba''': Yes... Say, who was your mother?

'''Hiro''': I can't remember her name though (by spite).

'''Aoba''': Do you have a picture of her?

'''Hiro''': well... Here.

''Hiro took out a small picture that was inside of his wallet and gave it to his teacher.''

'''Aoba''': !?

'''Hiro''': well, That was from my graduation in high school.

'''Aoba''': But to think that she was alive after all these years. How!!!

'''Hiro''': I don't know. She said that she is forever 21 though. For me she looked kinda at her mid 20s though. But she hasn't aged since then.

'''Aoba''': I see... By the way, I'll get some candidates too. If you want, you can bring 1 or 2 people too.

'''Hiro''': Okay.

'''Aoba''': By the way, I'll be taking the blue girl... she likes you and I need you two to be separated at all cost. Plus, I will apply my bragging rights today.

'''Hiro''': !?

'''Aoba''': Well then, let's get going. We still have 2 more months to proceed to your plan.

'''Hiro''': Okay sensei!


==To honor those who passed away==

'''''The Admiral walked to the old abandoned warehouse to where it all began. It was now deserted and was burned to the ground. Then He went to the Grinder to see if the place still remains, as he walk towards the place, he felt heavy on his heart as if he was being sucked away by the forces at work.'''''

'''Hiro''': ... (usually, This place really does makes an eerie welcome to anyone.)

''He continued to walked by and stopped at the room... of what remains to be a room.''
''The Admiral found an old bench and sat on it. He took a bottle of liquor and opened it. He stood up and went to find his marker.''
''The Marker he put was a big stone tablet with the following words that was made by the Admiral himself to commemorate the time he spent in rescuing the girls.''

'''Hiro''': Hello there, how has it been? You must have been lonely for quite some time. Say, did you made it back? Did it hurt? I will never know that for you can't feel the pain after all of you died. My mom told me to visit you once a year and offer you a bottle of any alcoholic beverage to commemorate your days of living. I wonder why my mom knows so much about this, though I knew that she was a special case and she is kinda old now... She made sure that she didn't want to forget everything at all. I guess I should ask her if she really was the legendary helper... or if my dad was the one? By the ways, I'll be going on a new operation starting this Wednesday. I am quite scared for this operation heavily requires fast ships. I wonder why they would need that. Was it for transport purposes? Oh well... I will never know. Sorry if I didn't arrive any early. I might have saved around 40 more if I did woke up early. I tried to get you out the week before but I was ambushed by the guards who seemed to know how I moved. Nonetheless, I am sorry for letting you die in vain.



''The Admiral pours the liquor to the stone tablet and empties it as he look upon it. As he contemplates, there was no way he can save them especially if he was injured on that day.''

'''Hiro''': Sorry...

''Then as he empties the bottle, he took a flower pot that contains a Marigold and planted it on the soil nearby. He stood and took out knife from his pocket. He sensed someone has tailed him as he was walking here.''

'''Hiro''': Who's there?

'''???''':  oh my... To see the Admiral here of all places, How lucky I am?

'''Hiro''': I am here greeting my old pals who were lost during the rescue efforts? Say, why are you here anyways, Yuugumo?

'''Yuugumo''': You see, I am here because I kinda felt that there's a handsome guy around the area.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Yuugumo''': By the way, please don't call me with that name. After all, I am a retired ship-girl already. Call me Yuu.

'''Hiro''': You know what, If you are here to flirt with me, I'm going to throw you into the sea and let you drown.

'''Yuugumo''': Don't be so harsh. After all, we did spend a bit of time together.

'''Hiro''': I can't deny that anyways.

'''Yuugumo''': How's Naganami-chan and Makigumo-chan?

'''Hiro''': they are both fine. Asides, Makigumo seemed to be eager to be in the expedition team. Say, how about I send Makigumo to your way. I'll probably let her retire soon.

'''Yuugumo''': Well, I don't mind it at all. But I suppose that it's better if you keep her. Just in case you want someone innocent to play with.

'''Hiro''': Please don't treat your younger sisters as if they are my playthings. Asides, I really can't lay a hand on any of them unless they allow me.

'''Yuugumo''': I see... You are still that guy anyways. I should better prepare myself for that answer. By the way, I want you to take back Kazagumo-chan from the abyssals. She will be useful to you in the long runs.

'''Hiro''': Kazagumo?

'''Yuugumo''': The third sister of us Yuugumo-class, But I bet she can make a great wife material. After all, she is a hardworking girl.

'''Hiro''': Please don't play the matchmaker to any of your sisters, She might feel bad about this.

'''Yuugumo''': Well, I don't know about her... But if she happened to like you, I suppose it will not hurt at all.

'''Hiro''': ... (as always, she persist that I must do this for her sake.)

'''Yuugumo''': Oh well, I am just asking this if you ever got her. If she didn't come then it's alright. She is supposed to be a bit special for the moment. But, if you got her..., I will wager that you'll want her at your side too...

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Yuugumo''': Ciao admiral. 'Til we meet then.
''
Yuugumo's shadow vanished into the fields and the Admiral stood and watch the one he hates dealing with go.''

'''Hiro''': As always, I hate dealing with her. She is this manipulative older sister who seemed to like to see whether or not she can play her sisters or not.

''The Admiral went back and sat on the bench. He ate his lunch and sleep there until it's Late in the afternoon.''



''A few hours later, the people he expects to arrive came at the right time.''

'''Sazanami''': Master, I came to get you. Samidare is here with me too.

'''Hiro''': Good. Samidare; how's your talk with Suzukaze?

'''Samidare''': Well, we kinda sigh a lot in the end.

'''Hiro''': !?

'''Sazanami''': Master, how come you visit this place today and not during those days?

'''Hiro''': Because I am celebrating the year of our meeting. I am here to commemorate the times they had lived a good life and the days we had fun. I might have forgotten something about that along the line but now, I am ready to hit the floor once more.

'''Samidare''': Admiral, was this place really bad?

'''Hiro''': Yup... More likely, it was a place where hope slowly dies. I just happened to investigate something fishy and it all lead me to me meeting all of you.

'''Sazanami''': Asides, this was the place where Master came and save me from the jaws of death.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Samidare''': I wish I could see the action part there. But Admiral, why are you quite quiet there? Did you remember something?

'''Hiro''': Well, I better not talk about this. It's getting late and let's go home.

'''Samidare''': Yup.

'''Sazanami''': Yes Master.
''
The three walked back home walking hand by hand with one another.''


==Confrontation: vs. Sniper==

Yuugumo who was watching from the view of the tower near the site, smiled after seeing such a sight unfolds before her eyes.

Yuugumo: I wonder how long they must have to suffer. If Kazagumo-chan arrives, I am sure trouble will stir up in the naval base like no other. Well, I better stop observing for now.

Yuugumo packs her stuff but as she was finishing her packing a call came and she answered the call.

Unknown ID: Nice to meet you Yuugumo-san.

Yuugumo: Nice, Who am I speaking with?

Uknown ID: You don't need to know who I am... But I do warn you...

A hole was appeared on the wall...

Yuugumo: !!!

Unknown: Unlike the two nice girls, I am a bit defensive about the Admiral. Also, it seems my lip reading lessons pays off... I wanna know who is Kazagumo-chan you speak of? I won't hesitate to eliminate you even if the Admiral might hate me for doing this.

Yuugumo: You sound so confident in taking me out. But, a sniper is always a sniper, I can just hide in any obstacles and I'll be safe...

Then a ray of light was seen and cut the roof of the tower she is hiding.

Yuugumo: !!!

Unknown ID: Bullets can't reach you safely... that's the truth. But a discharged beam can reach you... No matter where you hide.

Yuugumo: I give up. Can I know who am I speaking with?

Unknown ID: I don't plan on discussing that issue on someone who is bent on seducing the admiral.

Yuugumo was shot on her leg making her unable to move.

Yuugumo: (A bullet hit? How is she managing to use two rifles?)

Unknown ID: Just so you know, my Rifle is a multipurpose one. I can use regular rounds, a blank round, a tranquilizer dart and a high energy railgun and all of them have a range of 2500 km. I can hit you in any place of this country for as long as I shoot you.

Yuugumo: Shit. I wonder why did I incur the wrath of someone like you?

Unknow ID: It's simple. I just took a peek on him, when I saw you are tailing him from the train station. I know you are up to no good. Plus I had heard some stories about you from the other girls who arrived before me.

Yuugumo: So this sniper is a new face... Or could it be...

Yuugumo was shot on her shoulder.

Yuugumo: Gahh!!!

Unknown ID: I prefer if you keep quiet. I hate seeing your face and hearing your voice. For you I am just a simple sniper. But for him, I am the genius one that comes once in a millennium. I'd rather keep it at that level. For as long as he needs me; for as long as he says 'I need you'... I will do my best to be rewarded by him... Ah, How lovely. I wanted to be spoiled by him more and more...

Yuugumo: You are twisted...

Unknown Id: I am twisted indeed. But, I am making sure no one more twisted than I am makes her way to get the Admiral's heart.

Yuugumo: ... (I can't move, Looks like she did aim pretty well and managed to hit my nerves on my leg... My shoulder is getting numb, Could it be that she aimed where my arteries are?

Unknown ID: Listen, Asides from lip-reading, I learned Anatomy, Dynamics, Physics and even international Languages to deal with anyone. I also learn how to hack the network and get some information. But I prefer not use it from time to time.

Yuugumo: Such an honor student... As always, they always fell to the dark side.

Unknown ID was pissed by the comment that Yuugumo made and shot another round, but it was a blank round to Yuugumo's head.

Yuugumo: Gaaa....!

Unknown ID: I hate your guts! You see... I wanted to make sure that no more opponents come between the council and to do that I will eliminate everyone who is not inside the circle.

Yuugumo: So now, the ones who were loved have their own circle now... I am getting excited...Aaaaahhhhhhh...!!!

Unknown ID hit Yuugumo in her other shoulder using a live round.

Unkown ID: It's Sazanami's Idea to establish the council to deal with the troublesome people who will win the Admiral's heart. I was just assigned as the hit man... It's a job that even the Admiral knew.

Yuugumo: !!! (He knows this!?)

Unknown ID: Oh well... Since I did blunder a lot, I better end this now. Yuugumo-san, don’t worry. I'll take care on Naganami-chan and Makigumo-chan for you. I'll make sure that they'll treat me as their big sister. For Kazagumo-chan, I'll try to draw out the answers first before making an action. By the way Yuugumo-chan, Ciao.

Yuugumo: I see... Naganami, Makigumo; take care... I'll be missing you...

The railgun was fired and Yuugumo vaporized by the attack.





At the a certain Naval base few kilometers far from the civilization, Kumano took off her goggles and was greeted by Kinugasa who is observing the exchange.

Kinugasa: Good work Kumano-chan.

Kumano: Well thanks. By the way, how come there was this installation inside this base?

Kinugasa: I built it using my own money and make some high-tech weaponry here. By the way, Hiro is a sponsor here so he is thankful that they are working hand to hand with one another.

Kumano: By the way, Yuugumo-chan seems to be so troubled when I called her. Why?

Kinugasa: You see... Despite being dishonorably discharged from service by the admiral himself, the Admiral didn't want to eliminate her. But, for me she is a hindrance and she needs to be taken out. She might know that I am making things go round.

Kumano: Did the Admiral know that you might eliminate her?

Kinugasa: Yup. As a matter of fact he gave me an order to hunt her down if we meet her. I believe she leaked our technology to other bases to get money.

Kumano: I see... But to kill someone...

Kinugasa: It's distasteful right? After all, I have killed many too in my lifetime. But, for as long as he believes in us; I am felt reassured once more.

Kumano: But she was a...

Kinugasa: She is not one of us. Yuugumo's soul was already left us and was returned to the cycle. The one we killed is the the girl that used to be Yuugumo... She is just a traitor.

Kumano: ...

Kinugasa: to prove that, your rifle managed to injure her. With the spirit lies inside of her, those rounds will never bore on her skin; much like that it can't injure her at all. Kumano, Sorry for letting you handle this job. I am making you shoulder our problems.

Kumano: It's alright... I am a great contributor to team already.

Kinugasa: Sorry if you feel that it's distasteful. I'll make it up with you.

Kumano: Alright.

Kumano left the premises and went to her room. She lies on her bed and fell asleep. For her, taking a life was just that easy, yet it pains her delicate heart.



Kinugasa was called by the Admiral over the phone.

Hiro: Was that a railgun that was shot a while ago?

Kinugasa: Yes. And today, we eliminated the traitor.

Hiro: Okay. Good work.

Kinugasa: Please comfort Kumano-chan. She is having it rough today.

Hiro: Understood.

The Admiral turns the phone off and went to the office holding the hands of the two girls who were waiting for him in the entrance.

Thus the state of the naval base grows a bit darker.




==Kumano's pain==

The Admiral called it a day and went straight towards Kumano's room. From there, he saw Suzuya knocking on the door.

Suzuya: Kumano... What is the problem? Can you share it with this pretty girl named Suzuya. C'mon, talk to me...

Kumano didn't respond to Suzuya's call.

Suzuya: Kumano...

Hiro: Suzuya, can I talk to her for now?

Suzuya: I guess so... By the way, do you know why she is that today?

Hiro: I know that, but I don't plan on discussing it to you.

Suzuya: Ehh.... how lame.

Hiro: I'll need some space. Can you go take a walk for now?

Suzuya: Okay. But when I returned here Kumano must be A-okay. (Suggestive)

Hiro: okay.



Suzuya left and was whistling while she hops in joy. The Admiral knocked on the door.

Hiro: Kumano... It's me. Can I speak with you?

Kumano: okay.

Hiro: How about you let me in first?

Kumano: okay...

Kumano opened the locked door and let the admiral in. as she closes the door, she turned off the light and assaulted the admiral who was looking at the room.

Hiro: ...

Kumano: Hiro-sama, I killed someone...

Hiro: I know. Sorry about that if you have to shoulder the burden that I should have done...

Kumano: yup

Hiro: Kumano, normally you would just grab my arm and my hand but today, you are on top of me. Why was that Kumano?

Kumano: You see... I am very sad, depressed and very frail. I am a weak girl. I still need to be supported by someone as strong as you.

Hiro: I too, am weak, frail and sad. I needed all of you to support me for all of you are strong girls.

Kumano: How funny... looks like we are both the kindred spirits after all.

Hiro: Yup. Looking at you reminds me of autumn. When I am weak, you are there to make things beautiful and to make me realized that beyond life, there was beauty ahead. Kumano... can I...?

Kumano: Nope Hiro-sama. I don't want you to be dirtied by this murderer. I don't want you to be stained by the colors that I bear. Hiro-sama, I want you to remain untainted... Mmm...!

The Admiral wraps his arms around Kumano and pulled her closer to him. He kissed her gently and sweetly like someone was doing a kiss for the first time.

Kumano: Geez, Hiro-sama. Can you listen to me for a bit? I don't want you to be tainted and yet you initiated yourself.

Hiro: I am already tainted a long, long time ago. I am afraid to touch this pure lady that she might rot...

Kumano: Idiot... Now that we are both tainted; I guess we really are meant for one another...

Hiro: Seriously, why do you work so hard?

Kumano: You see... I wanted you to be mine forever.

Hiro: Something Kino would say... Sorry Kumano, I never... !!!

Kumano kissed the Admiral and they have gotten intimate with one another...



Hiro: Kumano, is this fine for you?

Kumano: Of course... I mean, definitely... I know Suzuya-san was taking her time in order for us to do this...

Hiro: Somehow, You are kinda strange today... and then, you are just initiating the attack.

Kumano: Because this is also me... the one who wants to do these things to you... the one that was ensnared by your charm... Ah, Hiro-sama. You will get all of me this time around.

Hiro: ...

The two were engaged into one another for an hour...


==Maya's shock==

Meanwhile, Maya was walking her way towards the dorm room when she heard sounds coming from a closed door.

Maya: !!! (Somehow, there was this unsettling noise happening around here... I'll go check it out.)

Maya walked towards the source of the sound but she was blocked by Suzuya.

Suzuya: I don't know what you are thinking, but this is kinda off-limits.

Maya: Why was that?

Suzuya: I really can't tell you the details. But If I were you, I would simply avoid this place for now. Can you overlook it for now?

Maya: But I was going to the canteen. (Thank goodness I am really going to the canteen)

Suzuya: Oh. Just take these stairs back there and walk towards the canteen. You'll be there in no time.

Maya: Thanks. (Better go to the other side of the ladder then.)

Maya took the stairs and walked towards the floor below the one she will be taking. From there, she can't hear the unsettling sounds.

Maya: (The floor was properly sound-proofed?)

Maya walked towards the next set of stairs and went up. From there was no one there to stop her.

Maya: Better check it now...



Maya Tip-toed towards the source of the noise; Then, she poked her finger on the wall and take a peek on the events that happened inside the room.

Maya: !!!

She was shocked to see the events unfolding her eyes.

Maya: ... (Kumano-san... She is ...)

Maya sat down at her own surprise and she was speechless and shaken by the discovery she saw. then, Maya stood up and went away from the room and run towards the canteen to buy some snacks. From there Choukai who was waiting for her was surprised to see Maya's flushed face.

Choukai: Maya... what's wrong?

Maya:Nothing... I am fine. heheheheheheh!

Choukai: Maya, you seemed to be a bit pale. Say, what did you see?

Maya: !!!???

Choukai: Hm?

Maya: You see... I saw this great white thing and it tries to catch me but I run so fast that I lost it.

Choukai: My... You are such a scaredy cat... Next time, just come with me so that you won't get attacked by ghosts. By the way, is it just me or you are sweating profusely?

Maya: I am fine... so believe me. I just ran so fast that I sweat a lot. See...

Choukai: Okay (its better that I shouldn't pursue this matter today.).

Maya: So, did you buy one?

Choukai: Yup... Carbonara.

Maya loses her will to stand after hearing the food Choukai brought.

Choukai: Maya, can I just order one meal for you too?

Maya: well... I want seafood today.

Choukai: really? But, are you sure about that?

Maya: I'll order one. Okay?

Choukai: If you say so.

Choukai stood up and ordered a seafood dish.

Maya: (If Choukai ever sees that exchange... I wonder what will happen to her?)

Choukai: Thanks for the wait...

Maya: ...

Choukai: All they had was seafood rice... here, I'll give you this egg; they were kind enough to give me this one too.

Maya: Okay.



The two ate together and a few minutes after, Maya saw the Admiral and Kumano walking together towards the canteen.

Maya: !!!

Choukai: What's the matter?

Maya: Nevermind... I just saw the Admiral passed by.

Choukai: really?

Maya: But Kumano-san was there.

Choukai: oh...

Maya: Say, where did you go before coming here?

Choukai: I came from the floor near Kumano's Room, but Suzuya-san blocked the way telling me that I should take the path down here for some reasons she hasn't disclosed yet.

Maya: I see...

Choukai: Maya-chan, could you mean that...

Maya: Shh...

Choukai: Why would you make a fuss about something like that?

Maya: well... I got curious...

Choukai: then you went there and saw what was not meant to see?

Maya: !!!

Choukai: Idiot.

Maya: (cries) but... I can't help it. I saw it. I was shocked that...

Choukai: Well, well... Now is not the time to cry like that. The food is tasty. (Don't worry about that, so don't cry anymore.) Here, say Aahh...

Maya: Aahh..

The whole canteen was shocked by the events they saw.

Hiro: I never knew Maya can be a kid sometimes... (I felt that her presence was there a while ago...)

Kumano: Yup, me too... (I felt that her presence was there a while ago too...)



==Shigure's action==

A few hours ago before the Admiral arrived

Shigure: Kawakaze-san, I want you to help us regarding the Admiral.

Kawakaze: But sis... I don't want to be constantly monitored by Samidare-san... I am getting her cold gaze every time I try to hug him...

Shigure: Sorry for not telling you earlier.

Yuudachi: Asides, this is our way to help Samidare-chan be with the Admiral forever!!!

Kawakaze: I don't know... Somehow, It really bothers me why you two are not that going all out on him... I mean you are the great Shiratsuyu-class destroyers that every Admiral wants to level immediately.

Yuudachi: Well... that was true.

Shigure: That has nothing to do with the way we want Samidare-chan to be happy with the Admiral.

Kawakaze: Hmmm, on one condition...

Shigure: !!!

Kawakaze: Yuudachi, you will be our judge.

Yuudachi: Judge for what?

Kawakaze: Judge to see if she is strong enough to force me to cooperate with her.

Shigure: !?

Kawakaze: Well... I should get the preparations ready. Shigure-nee, let's meet at the arena at 2:00PM. I'll request permission to use the arena. By then you should prepare yourself in fighting against me.

Shigure: Alright then.

The three went on their ways.



A few hours have passed and the moment of truth arrived.

Sazanami: honestly, why do I have to watch this mock battle? I could have been preparing my things to get there already?

Samidare: Well... Yuudachi is not confident in her judging skills, so she requested help from us.

Yuudachi: Sorry.




Meanwhile, at the Arena

Shigure: Yuudachi, you have the gall to call Samidare-chan on this mock battle. Don't you know that you are ruining the reason why we battle? And also, why Sazanami is also here? Dammit Yuudachi, I'm so disappointed in you.

Kawakaze: Man... To be watched by my sempais sure is fun. Say Shigure-nee... Are you ready?

Shigure: What do I have to complain then?

The Area becomes a part of sea...

Yuudachi: I never thought we can make the arena like that?

Sazanami: Master installed that space after that duel with him. Honestly, he wants to battle us in our own territory.

Samidare: Looks like he needs to get ready for our comeback win.

Yuudach: ... (Good luck Shigure-chan!)



As the timer reaches Zero, the two started battling one another.

Kawakaze: You see Shigure-nee... I like the admiral because he is this very different person that makes me want to... whoops...

Shigure: Tch! My torpedoes missed. Kawakaze, If you win, what will you do?

Kawakaze: Hmm... Since I still can't beat Samidare-san in this kind of battle, all I need to do is just take a bit of points from them when they are not around.

Shigure: You are just like everyone else then...

Kawakaze: At least, I am not running away... FIre!

Shigure: Tch! To think you have improved a lot from shooting... Hm!?

Kawakaze: Not that much. But lately, Fairies-san made radar and gave it to me...

Shigure: The Admiral gave you one?

Kawakaze: I guess he made this one. Fire!

Shigure was taking gun fire despite being the higher level...

Shigure: (This is strange... even though she is lower than me in levels, she can hit me hard. Improved gun armaments?) Kawakaze... was that an improved armament?

Kawakaze: Yup. He gave it to me today. And looks like you are my first victim.

Shigure: Really... (This is bad. If she brought my points down, I won't be hitting her with the last salvo and had to rely on the night battle to win. But I'll win if that happens!)

Kawakaze: Well then... Say your last words sis.

Shigure: !!!

Shigure was hit by the shot that Kawakaze fired and hits her critically leaving her at heavy damage.

Shigure: Tch...

Kawakaze: Now for the salvo... Fire!

Kawakaze unloads the torpedoes and hit Shigure who was immobile. She was left with 1 point left.

Samidare: Match is over! The winner is Kawakaze-chan.

Kawakaze: Yes!!! Looks like I am the number 1 now.

Shigure: Tch... One more round.

Kawakaze: You are persistent... Be my guest.

Sazanami: Request for rematch... approved.



A few minutes after they resupplied, the battle commences once more.

Shigure: Looks like ... What!!!???

Shigure was immediately hit and was slightly damaged.

Kawakaze: You are too tense sis... If you are like that, you are even easier than those of the expedition team

Shigure: Tch...



Meanwhile, while the two are exchanging shots with one another Sazanami made a comment.

Sazanami: Normally, Shigure was this cool beauty who packs a lot of power. But today, she seemed to be unfocused and bound to make a lot of errors; never to mention that she clicks her tongue from time to time... Yuudachi-san, what are your insights on this?

Yuudachi: I guess she was a bit frustrated.

Sazanami: Frustrated about what?

Yuudachi About the ...Ow!!!

Shigure threw a rock towards Yuudachi's seat.

Yuudachi: That hurts... Oh.

Sazanami: About...

Yuudachi: Never mind. I bet it's just her mood swings.

Samidare: Somehow, that was the first time she was having one.

Yuudachi: Yup.



Shigure: Dammit Yuudachi, you almost told the enemy what we are after... wah!!!

Shigure was hit by a bullet from Kawakaze's gun. She is in heavy damage status.

Kawakaze: Well... Just like the first one... The end!

Shigure lost the second battle.



Shigure was feeling frustrated about her loss.

Samidare: Shigure-nee... what's wrong?

Shigure: It seems I can't get my act together.

Samidare: well then, I shall show you how to fight...

Shigure: !!!

Samidare: Sazanami-chan, allow me to fight Kawakaze-chan today.

Sazanami: Alright. The girl is getting cocky today. teach her a lesson.

Samidare: Alright.



Samidare went to the arena and instantly and magically wore her armaments.

Kawakaze: Looks like I'll be fighting with the ace.

Samidare: I am the support ace. Ushio-chan is our only ace... you can't even touch her.

Kawakaze: I see... Let's fight then.

Samdiare: Okay. But don't cry if you lose.

Then the fight started.



Samidare was easily avoiding Kawakaze's shots as she gets closer to her.

Samidare: Not bad, but in the end. Your radar is just a tool to correct you aim. You can't be good at aiming if you depend on the radar itself. Plus, the improved armaments can pack a punch, but if it misses it's over...

Kawakaze: Tch... Why can't I hit you...? Ow...

Kawakaze was hit by Samidare's shot.

Samidare: You see... Hiro-san taught me to avoid bullets that are aimed at me. And he taught me to aim properly... Like this!

Samidare fired another shot and hit Kawakaze in the torpedo bow claiming a critical hit. Kawakaze is defeated at this bout.



Shigure was watching the bout and was mesmerized by the battle that unfolds.

Shigure: In the end... I can't protect that smile. She protected me with her smile... (cries)

Yuudachi came and console Shigure

Yuudachi: Shigure-chan...  If we trained hard enough, someday, we can surpass Samidare-san in terms of skill and power.

Shigure: Yup.

The two made a vow to get stronger.



After a few more fights, Shigure won a single round against Kawakaze.

Shigure: This is it... I finally found my fighting style.

Kawakaze: I give up. But, remember I won 14-1 against you!

Shigure: Alright, let's stop now.

the combantants finished their battles and went back to the dorms.

Kawakaze didn't accept Shigure's request and Shigure was left with one option remaining.



That night in the Destroyer's dorm

Yuudachi: Shigure-chan, are you sure that you'll be doing this tomorrow?

Shigure: Yup. For if we didn't move when the campaign starts, we can't move that much anymore.

Yuudachi: Don't forget. You'll be facing the Admiral head on.

Shigure: Don't worry; I've got some help with me.

Yuudachi: really?

Shigure: I've got the help of Maya-san from the cruiser's dorm and Haruna-san from the battleships. With the three of us, we can corner the Admiral.

Yuudachi: Shigure-chan... (I hope she doesn't lose her mind.)

Shigure: Let's sleep tonight. Tomorrow will be a red day.


==Omake: Goya's quest==

One day at Orel Cruising, The submarines are fighting in the boss node.

Goya: You know what, why are we being sent here every day-decchi?

Hacchi: Because he wanted us to hunt for transport ships.

Imuya: But, We are getting a bit too strong for this map... ow...

Imuya was hurt by a random attack.

Iku: Never the less, we are being sent here to kill those battleships who can't lay a finger on us. Boo yeah!

Goya: Goya's torpedoes, they’re clever little things-decchi!

The subs unleashed their torpedoes and manage to destroy the only destroyer at the group and some few heavy cruisers.

Goya: I've got a communiqué form him, pursue to night battles-dechi.

Others: eehhh...



Then, after the night battle, they went back home and get repaired. Along with that, they just brought the newly dropped Makigumo.

Goya: Admiral, here's the prize-decchi.

Hiro: Well... Makigumo!!!

Makigumo: Eeeek!!

Goya: I don't know if you are surprised or making her faint and take advantage of her decchi?

Hiro: please don't remind me what happened back then.

Goya: well then, we'll take rest and let Imuya be repaired once more. After that, you'll send us out again, right-decchi?

Hiro: Yup. Sorry for the extra job.

Goya: Well. I did agree but this time you have to do what we had agreed on our vow-decchi!

Hiro: Well... I'll think about that.

Goya: Okay. I'll be resting-decchi!

Goya left the office.

Makigumo: What did you two promised?

Hiro: Oh. She wants a ring. Looks like she is getting closer to the target though. Just a bit more runs. By the way, you'll go to the exped team 3. Jintsuu's group.

Makigumo: Okay!




Meanwhile Goya was humming as she walks towards the repair room.

Imuya: You seemed to be happy Goya?

Goya: Well, I thought he had forgotten about me, but oh well. Looks like I need to work hard too-decchi.

Imuya: You mean he asked you?

Goya: Nope. Rather, I asked him to give me the ring-decchi. Seriously, if Sazanami and Samidare are there, I can't say it right on his face. Today was a bit different. so I won that round-decchi.

Imuya: You seemed to be so close to him, why was that?

Goya: Simple, I am his first Submarine-decchi!

The two talked until their repair time was finished.



The subs sortied once more and managed to get the three transports and finally, they get the rest they wanted.

'''''- end'''''
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]