''"I remembered during those harsh days of summer which seems to never end... I remember of those girls that I have left behind. More so, in the world of sword and sorcery; in the world where everything was possible, the option of returning home has been subjected to harsh trials... But even so, even I didn't go on this journey alone... Because some of them came to my aid and helped me overcome this madness which spanned for two months in that world... But with all that was said and done... After we gave our farewells to our allies, we have arrived back to the place where we belong."''


==Intro:==

Sazanami: Master, looks like we have safely returned back to home.

Hiro: Indeed. Anyways, what do you want for dinner tonight?

Samidare: Anything you make is fine, right Mikazuki-chan?

Mikazuki simply nodded in agreement.

The Admiral was send to another world to help a certain Prince in reclaiming his throne... but fate seemed to help the Admiral on his side when three of his trusted people arrived as his aid. As a result, they managed to reclaim the kingdom and they drove the enemies away which made their return to their world easier and safer.

Hiro: But honestly, I don't want to go back there...

Sazanami: That world is just too tough... Many times we are saved by them.

Hiro: Indeed. But Mikazuki sure has it together in that world... I wonder?

Samidare: It's obvious anyways, she loves you Admiral that is why she can do those things... Of course we love you too.

Hiro: Thanks Samidare. Anyways, can you tell me why there is no one around?

Sazanami: Oh shit... what happened!?

And surely, the base is empty when the two have arrived.


==What happened back then?==

It was 2 weeks since the news of the Admiral being on the state of vacation, everyone grew bored and they decided to hold an emergency meeting with Kinugasa and Kumano.

With that said, there were rumors that were being circulated that the Admiral is suffering an illness and he needs to rest for a long periods of time or that said that the Admiral has died or the Admiral has meet an unfortunate accident. But as far as Kinugasa's concern she knew that the supernatural were being unkind to their Admiral who is more than stranger than strange.

Kinugasa: Anyways, I can totally say that those rumors were all false and currently, the Admiral is in the process of returning here... However, the problem is that he hasn't sent me the timeline of his return.

Kongou: So you mean to say that we have to wait for him!!!

Others: WHAT!?

Kinugasa: Calm down everyone. I know it's a bit hard for us to wait. But can you have some faith on him?

After Kinugasa said those words, the crowd begins to talk in discreet discussing some things. Kumano who sees the situation which is heavily not going to their favor whispers to Kinugasa's ear.

Kumano: (I know that this is a tough battle we are facing, asides from the few people who were in-touch of Hiro-sama, we have no idea where he is right now. I think it's best for us to suspend our activities for a while until the Admiral calls us back to base.)

Kinugasa bit her lip as she can't accept the fact that she has no control over the situation.

After a small discussion between the two, Kinugasa huddled the rest once again and delivered her verdict upon the matters.

Kinugasa: I know that waiting is hard and something that we are not used to do... But please have faith in him. However, the state of affairs inside of this base is falling apart so I hereby declared as the fourth in command that all of our activities for now are suspended. You are all free to roam around the city to do something worthwhile while the Admiral is not here.

Soon after Kinugasa delivered her orders, she left the room and slowly, everyone packs their bags and went somewhere else.


==A Base with few people==

After talking with Kinugasa over the phone, the Admiral released a sigh of relief to say that everything will be fine in the end. But surely, the Admiral still is troubled due to the fact that no one was there to greet him back.

Sazanami: This place sure is peaceful Master.

Sazanami placed a cup of tea on the Admiral's desk and sits on the chair which is placed right in front of the Admiral's desk.

Hiro: Indeed. It feels like the time when we first arrived here 2 years ago.

Sazanami: Right. But just so you know; it's a few days away so it's not yet that time.

Hiro: Right. Anyways, where is Samidare?

Sazanami: She went to check the back office to see if there are people as well... so far, she hasn't spoken anything about it.

Hiro: I see. Anyways, where is Mikazuki?

Sazanami: Mikazuki-san is sleeping in her room. Surprisingly, when she entered this base, she collapsed due to fatigue. I guess she worked too hard and she is the most worried among the four of us.

Hiro: I see. I'll reward her later when she woke up.

Sazanami: Alright. Anyways Master, I wonder why you have chosen us... in that world, there were more unreasonable beings there and others would have sufficed in your journey, Like Yuubari-san who seems to be capable in making and retaining your weapons, Kagerou-san who has the mind of a person who has a lot of experience in the battlefield and...

Hiro: Of course it has to be you guys! I knew that our team work will work better and we have better communication that my previous team.

Sazanami: I see... I guess being your wife is a perk itself.

Hiro: ...

Sazanami: Nonetheless Master, what should we do for now?

Hiro: I wonder. I guess we can go out and breathe some fresh air then.

Sazanami: Alright.

The two stood up and they slowly walked out of the office to take a walk. After all, they have nothing better to do since the base is empty.


==Kazagumo's Circumstances==

Kazagumo is currently reading in the City library to look for clues to where the Admiral have gone to, But since she has no clue on that matters, she is close to giving up. However...

Akigumo: Kazagumo, Look what I have found. I see an ancient text regarding to...

Kazagumo: SHUT UP! CAN'T YOU SEE THAT I AM LOOKING FOR CLUES?

As Kazagumo threw her outburst to Akigumo, the librarian made a gesture to Kazagumo and Kazagumo along with Akigumo made a discreet apology for ruining the peace of the library.

Anyways, Akigumo continued in pestering Kazagumo until Kazagumo gave up.

Kazagumo: So, what is it Akigumo.

Akigumo: Well, matters aside, I guess it's time for us to go for a walk. Staying here would make you stress over. Chill a bit and maybe you can find clues later.

Kazagumo: alright. It's your treat since that doujin of yours sold like pancake last Comicket.

Akigumo: Alright.

The two stood up and they return all the books they have borrowed and headed towards the exit.

The two went to a famous cafe to where a bunch of people can be found. It is indeed a place where one can relax while sipping a cup of tea. After ordering their respective drinks, the two sat at outside looking at the surroundings.

Akigumo: Anyways, why are you looking for clues to where the Admiral has gone to?

Kazagumo: I had a dream to where the Admiral was facing creatures left and right while wearing a silver armor and using a long sword. Rather, I find it strange to see Sazanami-san and Samidare-san behind him and supporting him in the shadows.

Akigumo: I see... so that dream must have been from the stress of not seeing him for the past month.

Kazagumo: Are you sure you are listening to me!?

Akigumo: Yeah I am. Asides, even if you think that your dream is accurate... there is no way to verify if that is the truth.

Kazagumo: How did you say so?

Akigumo: Because if there is such a convenient place called a parallel world, then the Admiral could have been drifted a lot of times already.

Kazagumo: Then how about the mysterious people who somehow enter our private chat? What is your explanation to that?

Akigumo: Maybe the Admiral had leaked the pass codes to our chat. He is the type who can't refuse a girl's request.

Kazagumo: ...

Kazagumo knew that the Admiral is also reserved in terms of fulfilling a girl's request, but overall... she knew that the Admiral can't indeed turned down a request to the people he cared for.

Kazagumo: This is indeed troubling.

xxx: It is indeed troubling...

Kazagumo heard a familiar voice as if that voice were playing tricks on her. She looks on Akigumo's face and she saw Akigumo's face filled with shock as if a ghost has come to take her away.

Kazagumo looked on her back and she saw a figure that she hasn't seen for the past month. Rather, it's the person she yearns for...

Kazagumo: Admiral!!!

Hiro: Long time no see... So glad to see you guys here.

Kazagumo stood up and she immediately threw her arms around the admiral and she hugged her tight as if she doesn't want the man she care for get lost once again.

Kazagumo: You are back!!! I can't believe it!

Hiro: Yeah. I am home.

After realizing that Kazagumo has been drawing attention of the crowd, she broke herself free and hid her embarrassment from the Admiral's view.

Sazanami: Anyways, don't forget that I am also here. Master, I lost sight of you in a second and I saw you hugging Kazagumo already.

Hiro: Sorry about that, I was excited to see her. That's it.

Sazanami: Whatever. Anyways Akigumo, where is Sensei?

Akigumo who was about to escape froze on Sazanami's words.

Akigumo: Aoba-sensei is currently at the Princess' base. She is taking care stuff there.

Hiro: I see. Well then, I shall let her be for this time. Akigumo, please tell sensei that I have returned.

Akigumo: Alright.

Hiro: Oh right Akigumo, that doujin you draw... Meet me at the office tomorrow...

Akigumo: I knew it...

But before Akigumo can feel dejected on the Admiral's announcement, the Admiral continued to his sentence.

Hiro: I need to make a deal with you.

Akigumo froze when the term deal came out of the Admiral's mouth. Surely, it wasn't a scary as what she expected.... however. She knew that the Admiral has high hopes on her this time around.

Hiro: Anyways, shall we head back home?

Sazanami: Wait a minute Master; we need to go find the rest.

Hiro: Oh right. Anyways, be back home for dinner, It's a promise.

Kazagumo: I see... It's a promise then.

And soon, the Admiral and Sazanami went to find the others who were around.


==Arare's longing and Kasumi's ~dere days==

Kasumi and Arare were currently looking at the attraction in a certain theme park which they wanted to visit back in the days when they are in the naval base. However, Kasumi felt something was missing.

Arare: Kasumi, how many times must we go here until you get tired of it? there is nothing you can do if the Admiral is not here.

Kasumi: I know. But it pisses me off because that idiot isn't here to accompany us at all.

Arare: I see... You missed him already. Ufufufufu~♪

Kasumi: Me, Missing him? Impossible! It's impossible for me to miss that idiot of a trash...

But before Kasumi can finish her sentence she felt a presence approaching her. Arare paid no mind to it since she knew whose presence it was.

Hiro: Kasumi sure is missing me alright. Yo Arare, did you miss me?

Arare: I did... But Kasumi entertained me while you are away Onii-chan.

Hiro: I see. Kasumi, look at me.

Kasumi didn't turn around.

Arare: So, you like teasing her? How I wish you do that to me too~.

Hiro: We do that every day remember?

Arare: But you were out for a month and a half aren't you?

Hiro: I did.

Arare: Asides, You didn't call my name back then?

Hiro: Well...

Arare: It doesn't matter... Anyways Onii-chan, please say my name.

Hiro: Arare.

Arare: No, my other name...

Hiro: ...

Arare: I see...

Hiro: ****

Arare's face blushed red and she immediately hugged the Admiral.

Hiro: So, you are you satisfied?

Arare: Yeah.

Hiro: Anyways, let me convince this tsundere too...

He let Arare grab his left arm as he went to look at Kasumi's face. When he saw Kasumi's face, the Admiral saw a different expression looming on Kasumi's face.

Kasumi: Idiot. Why did you left us behind without saying a word. Don't you know that I missed you so much! Idiot, Idiot!!!

Hiro: I know. I am an idiot after all.

The Admiral pats Kasumi's head and Kasumi surprisingly opens up with the Admiral.

Hiro: Let me say this to you Kasumi, I am back.

Kasumi: Welcome Home, Idiot.

Kasumi threw her arms around the Admiral and started to cry. Arare smiled as she saw her friend being honest for the first time. A few moments after Sazanami arrived while dragging Asashio and Ooshio with her and saw the spectacle happening between the three.

Sazanami: (Master sure had learned a lot from his journey.)

Sazanami smiles as she started to bring the two girls to the Admiral.


==Nowaki and Maikaze==

Maikaze is currently hanging out with her friends from the Destroyer Division 4 at a certain arcade center in the mall.

Maikaze: I wonder though... How many times do I have to beat my own personal record before the Admiral returns?

Nowaki: I wonder...

Nowaki and Maikaze were conversing while Maikaze is waiting in line for the newest game attraction in town where they one needs to imitate the dance steps to score big.

Maikaze: But surely, everyday here is nice. Arashi and Hagikaze were currently on their date right?

Nowaki: Indeed. But to think that the two were dating...

Indeed, Nowaki's idea of dating was far more extreme that what Maikaze envisioned of since Maikaze had a date with the Admiral once. But Nowaki's perception of a date always has a kiss in the end.

Maikaze: Anyways... Oh, it's my turn.

Maikaze stood up and went to the front of the dance machine; however Maikaze is not the only one in the dance game right now.

Nowaki was lost at words too when she saw the person who stood beside Maikaze.

Hiro: Yo. I see you have been dancing while I was gone.

Maikaze: Unlike others, I am an idiot and all I can do is dance until you return.

Hiro: I see. Thanks for waiting for me.

Maikaze: You are welcome. Say, let's wager. If you win, we will help you search for them. If I win, let's have a date later with Nowaki.

Hiro: Good. Anyways, Sazanami said that she will bring Hagikaze and Arashi back to the base... in order for them not to do any more indecent acts to the public.

Maikaze: Oh. But they have done that in your absence already.

Hiro: Whatever... Anyways Maikaze, Shall we dance?

Maikaze: It's a pleasure.

As the music starts, the two started to move their body to the tune of the music.



After 3 songs, the winner is determined and the Admiral has lost by a very large margin. Since the Admiral is a complete amateur, Maikaze; who has been practicing for a month has dealt with the Admiral in the most dominating way as possible.

Hiro: I see...

Maikaze: Well then, let's have a date. Nowacchi~ you can hold his hand too.

Nowaki: Is it okay?

Hiro: Of course. I won't deny my hand to you.

Nowaki realized that Maikaze and the Admiral were cheering her on; she decided to hold the Admiral's hand as a sign of trust.

Maikaze: Anyways Admiral, every morning; Nowacchi here always pray that you are safe. What a strange girl.

Nowaki: Maikaze, what are you saying to the Admiral...

Hiro: I see.

Nowaki's face reddens and her embarrassment were already off the charts but Nowaki didn't let go of the Admiral's hand.

Hiro: Nowaki, I am home.

Nowaki can only nod as she can't speak back to the Admiral.


==Choukai and Maya==

Choukai and Maya were currently doing another part time work as they work in a certain cafe... rather, it's a cosplay cafe. they were working since they don't have money left after they have spent it on a lot of things.

Maya: Welcome! How can I help you?

Maya welcome a couple who were dressed suspiciously.

xxx: A table for two.

Maya: Alright. Do you prefer a smoking area or a no-smoking area?

xxx: no-smoking area please.

Maya: Please go this way.

Maya guides the two towards their seat and she started to take orders to the mysterious couple.

Maya went to the counter to where Choukai receives the order.

Maya: Choukai, Special Omelet for two in Table 5.

Choukai: Alright, any news on the Admiral?

Maya: No news. It seems that Yuugumo hasn't heard any news right now. I tried to contact Kumano-san... but I can't push through. I guess she has no news at the moment.

Choukai: I see...

Choukai took the order which came out of the kitchen and she delivers it to the table to where the suspicious couple was seated.

Choukai: Here is our Special Omelet for 2.

yyy: Oh my. what a beauty.

Choukai: Umm... Sorry, but I am pretty much taken.

xxx: Oh really? It's rare for someone who works here to have a relationship with someone. Isn't that right Miss?

Choukai: Well...

Maya: Choukai, is there something wrong?

Choukai: Nothing really. It's just they started to ask me about my relationship.

Maya: Oh. and why does our customers want to hit this beauty which goes by the name of Choukai?

xxx and yyy: Because...

Before the two could finish their sentence, the two removed their cover and revealed their true identity towards the two.

Maya: Impossible!!!

Choukai: Admiral!?

Hiro: Indeed it's me. And why are you two here? Yuugumo told me you two were working here.

Choukai: Well you see...

Choukai started to tell their tale why the two were there and the Admiral along with Sazanami laughed so loud that the other people glared back at them.

Hiro: I see... So it's Maya's fault.

Choukai: Indeed.

Choukai bows her head in embarrassment.

Maya: But if I didn't fight them, they could have done something to you. Knowing you...

Choukai: But Maya, you destroyed this place in return, you could have waited for the head waitress to send them off.

Maya: Well...

Hiro: Anyways, I already made the arrangements and paid for the damages that Maya has incurred. You two return home after your shift.

Choukai: Thanks Admiral.

Maya: Thank you Admiral.

The two bowed to the Admiral as they express their gratitude to him.

Sazanami: Oh right. Call him by his name right now since we are outside.

Hiro: It's fine. It's fine today. But next time... they will pay for that.

The Admiral finished off their meal and they went out to search for others.


==Hiei's food trip==

Hiei currently is travelling alone to search for the best ingredients in order for her to surprise the Admiral once he has returned back to base. much to her excitement, she arrived at a certain mountain to obtain a legendary ingredient.

Hiei: Hmm... This legendary ingredient sure is tough to find.

Hiei is currently in her hiking clothes as she climb the mountain.

As soon as she reached a checkpoint, she took saw a bench and she decided to sit on it.

Soon, she saw a person slowly descending the mountain trail. that person is currently not used to hiking as if it was that person's first time.

xxx: Umm... Where is the base camp?

Hiei: Oh. If you are looking for it, you can use this trail and you can arrive at the foot of the mountain after a few minutes, 45 minute if you are taking things slowly.

xxx: I see. Thanks.

Hiei: Anyways, do you know about the legendary ingredient?

xxx: Oh!?

The stranger giggles as she heard the term legendary ingredient.

Hiei: What's the matter?

xxx: Nothing. But you know, are you sure you want to get that?

Hiei: Why?

xxx: I mean…, it's in the edge of the cliff. Everyone who looked for it gave up when they saw that location.

Hiei: But I am different. I will make sure that I will get that.

xxx: Take care then.

The stranger parted ways with Hiei and Hiei continued to climb up the mountain.



Hiei arrived at the said location of the legendary ingredient.

Hiei: Looks like the stranger is right. But, I won't give up.

Hiei started to reach out at the lone flower which is blooming at the edge of the cliff... Normally, any normal being gives up upon the sight of the said location, but Hiei decided to challenge the norms.

Hiei: Just a bit more.

But as Hiei tries to reach out to the flower, the ground to which she is standing crumbles and she started to fall down...

Hiei surely knows that this will be the end of her as she saw her life flashes by. But,

yyy: Thank goodness I made it in time.

Hiei heard the voice which held her hand and her heart skipped a beat after hearing its voice. Hiei opens her eyes and she saw a person which she never thought that would save her in that instance.

Hiei: Admiral!!!

Hiro: Call me Hiro outside.

Hiei: Hiro-san, why are you here!?

Hiro: Isn't that obvious? I came here to take you home.

Hiei: But the legendary ingredient...

Hiro: Hiei, you were scammed to get killed while looking for that ingredient. I saw that suspicious person who was waiting for you at the mountain trail and I asked that person if she somehow met you. Luckily, I just came at the right time.

Hiei: Admiral...

Hiro: Anyways, don't die on me. I need to taste your best curry then.

Hiei: Alright.

The Admiral pulled Hiei up and the two were safely return back to the mountain edge.

Hiro: Well then, let's go.

Hiei: How about that Legendary ingredient?

Hiro: My mom has those flowers. Let's go there... however, don't be surprised when you see her.

Hiei: Alright.

The two slowly descend the mountains and they went back home.


==Zara's turn==

Zara and Pola just return from their trip from Italy to where they have report everything to their government about their activities back at the naval base. Zara showed her best results to the exchange officer while Pola told the exchange officer about her liquor journey. Of course, the result was Zara was reprimanded for not taking good care of Pola.

Zara: Pola. Why do you have to say that to the exchange officer? we had a good impression on him when we left Italia, now... He thinks that you are a weirdo who was too drunk on Alcohol.

Pola: Don't worry Zara-neesama. Pola here can make up with those deficiencies.

Zara: Pola, don't just pick up wine in just because the word 'Sale' was written on it!!!!

Pola: Don't worry Zara-neesama, I have money with me.

Zara: But that's my money!!!

Before Zara can stop Pola from her rampage, Pola had already purchased 10 bottles of cheap to expensive wines, of course; to the expense of Zara's wallet.



A few hours later, the two were walking down the streets while Pola is carrying a box of wine.

Pola: Zara-neesama, it's heavy. Can I drink them now?

Zara: No. Asides, it's your fault for buying them all.

Pola: Noooo!!!

Zara: Pola, Why are you so dependent on Alcohol?

Pola: Because...

Zara: Because?

Pola: Because, I promised the Admiral that I'll be a good girl. If I became a good girl, I can drink with him.

Zara: Did he say that to you?

Pola: Sorry, It's a lie.

Zara snapped and hit Pola's head as a result.



A few minutes after, Pola saw a vehicle approaching them.

Pola: Hmm... That vehicle? Is that from the base?

Zara: What are you saying, there is no way... No way...

Zara can't believe her eyes when she saw the vehicle approaches them and then, the vehicle stops and the window opens up.

Hiro: Yo. Long time no see.

The two saw the Admiral sitting at the seat besides the driver while Sazanami is driving the said vehicle.

Sazanami: Hearing the news to where 2 Italian girls purchased 10 bottles of wine made us think that Pola must be around town.

Hiro: Indeed.

Pola: Anyways Admiral, Welcome Back.

Hiro: I am home.

Pola starts to load the merchandise into the vehicle and then she started to call Zara who was still dumfounded to what she is seeing right now.

Pola: Zara-Neesama, let's go.

Zara: Oh. Sorry for spacing out... It's just...

Zara's tears started to fall as she can't hide her happiness as she saw the Admiral once again.

Hiro: Zara, I am home.

Zara: Welcome Back, Admiral.

And Zara enters the Vehicle and they went back to the base along with what Pola bought using Zara's money.


==Intermission: Searching for clues==

Looking for people takes time and gathering information is tough especially if not all of them were equipped with communication device. So he had to rely on his network even though he can't trust the accuracy of the said network.

Hiro: I see. I should be able to hunt them down until the end of this week.

The Admiral is currently calling Kamikaze at the other end of the line who is on a trip with her sisters.

Kamikaze: If you need my services, I can come there immediately to help you.

Hiro: No thanks, I will do this myself. Just take it easy today.

Kamikaze: Alright.

The Admiral ended the call and after that, he took his pen and wrote down the location of some people which was mentioned in Kamikaze's report.

A few days after his return, some ships miraculously returned due to the fact that they were informed of his return (and also due to the fact that they also helped out with the search) however, there are still people that needs to be found like Uzuki and Yayoi who were currently living on his mother's home and the only person who can meet that said person is the Admiral himself, or with Yuugumo who is currently on the move due to the fact that she is also looking for more information, but since the Admiral has trusted her sense of judgment; there is no reason for him to doubt her.

Hiro: I guess I will leave the catching of Sendai to Mikazuki just in case because I don't want to use my energy for this.

The Admiral closes his journal and he calls out his trusted people and decided to divide the work among them.

Hiro: Alrght. Today is day 4 of our search party... I did mention a while ago the locations of the targets so please do your necessary tasks.

Sazanami: Master, If the said person is not in the area?

Hiro: Then, I shall go there myself to look for more clues. Also, Please do some necessary data gathering if one of them has moved.

Sazanami: Alright.

Hiro: Alright then, It's time we hunt them down.

And the search party has gone to their each respective path.


==Vs. Sendai==

Mikazuki has arrived on the location the Admiral has told her to go. It was deep in the mountains to where civilization was out of reach; thus contacting for reinforcements will be hard for her. However, Mikazuki has no need to ask for help since she alone managed to hunt down a giant orc or 2 back in the world where monsters roam free.

Mikazuki: Hmm...

There was unnatural silence in the forest as Mikazuki scans the area. She had developed her keen senses after her encounter with the shadow archer which troubled her in the past.

Suddenly, Mikazuki felt 6 projectiles where approaching her area it came from 2 directions and it was aimed at her arms and legs which would hamper her mobility but...

Mikazuki: Secret move [Hurricane wall]

A wall of strong pressurized air blew around Mikazuki and knocked the 6 projectiles which were aimed at her.

xxx: Not too shabby aren't you.

Mikazuki: I could say that I have learned a bit in my journey with the Commander.

xxx: Unfair, he should ask me instead.

Mikazuki: It's none of my concerns. Sendai-san, return to the base at once.

The Identity of Mikazuki's assailant is Sendai who has entered into the mountains to devote her time to come up with techniques to defeat Mikazuki and ultimately, the Admiral to whom she sees as a person she really wanted to beat.

Sendai: Let's see... I have defeated Jintsuu when we fought here and Naka has yet arrive... honestly, I don't want to fight her at all since her power rejects reason.

Mikazuki: Well then, what would make of me?

Sendai: A worthy rival.

Sendai pulls out her short sword and she started to assault the armed Mikazuki who is currently using her katana <Mikazuki Munechika>



A few minutes after, the fierce battle has yet to end but the damage to the surroundings was clear as day as the two exchange strong attacks which slowly destroys the forest.

Sendai: I guess this happens when you have fought against a dragon... Dammit, Mikazuki-chan has reached new heights with that power.

Sendai has been fending off Mikazuki's attacks left and right as she relentlessly defending herself from Mikazuki's pressure. But Sendai has the Advantage in terms of familiarity of the area so she managed to close the gap of their abilities, however...

Mikazuki: Single Strike [Flash]

Mikazuki's flash is considered as an attack that has no definite range, however, this restricted Sendai's movement as she can't actually guess the exact distance of her attack due to the fact that she adjust the distance from time to time to accommodate Sendai's guerilla tactics.

But Sendai has proven to be crafty due to her mastery of her ninja arts.

Sendai: You are strong. But no one is immune to this!!!

Sendai throws a flashbang to temporarily blind Mikazuki and to initiate a new strategy she has in mind.

Sendai made hand signs and calls up shadow clones as she allocate her chi to each one of her clones in order for her move around without being noticed by Mikazuki who has a keen sense of sight and hearing.

After that, Sendai who have managed to locate the staggered Mikazuki decided to throw her shurikens at the defenseless Mikazuki.



Mikazuki who had been hit by Sendai and her clones Shuriken strikes was indeed now at the disadvantage. Never in her life has she encountered someone who has skillfully managed to wound her. So she decided to get serious.

Mikazuki: Not bad Sendai-san. I can see the fruits of your labor.

Sendai: Thanks. But you are not down yet. I guess I need to do better.

Mikazuki: Indeed. For me, it's time I take this seriously. I haven't been injured for a while.

Sendai: Wait, you are not yet serious with that?

Mikazuki: Yeah... sadly, I underestimated you myself.

Mikazuki returns her sword back it's scabbard and she magically returns it to a pocket space to where her weapon was being kept.

Mikazuki: I guess this should mark the start of our round 2.

Mikazuki dashed forward despite not using a weapon.



A few seconds after Mikazuki started her counter attack, Sendai was already pushed into the corner as she started to receive her punches and kicks in almost all direction with no time to take a breath. Sendai understood that Mikazuki is doing a desperate measure to defeat her until her defenses crumbles.

Sendai: I thought that you would do something weird but...

Sendai managed to deceive Mikazuki's sense of distance and she prepares herself for her attack but...

Mikazuki: I know that you are bound to use your silent step at these times... But I have that covered.

Sendai: I wonder about that.

Sendai pulls out her short sword and she stabbed Mikazuki as she approach her figure, however...

Sendai: Always full of surprises, what is that sword?

Mikazuki pulls out an ominous black sword that reflected nothing and exudes a dark aura which seems to be inappropriate for a weapon.

Mikazuki: I am still weak. Thus, I have to rely on this sword. Release, Magical sword [Fragarach]

The sword glowed black and it started to assault Sendai's short sword.

Sendai avoided the attack which could have cut her arm as a result.

Sendai: That sword... It's a cheat sword.

Mikazuki: Indeed. But since I have mastered it...

Sendai noticed that Mikazuki was already behind her as she starts to swing her sword on Sendai. Sendai managed to use a shadow clone as a shield and managed to escape from Mikazuki's attack. But Sendai has seen Mikazuki attacking at her back once more.

Sendai: not again...

Sendai who was cornered once more started to pull out her flashbang but Mikazuki cuts it in half before Sendai can throw it to the ground which resulted to them being blinded both at the same time.

Mikazuki who have closed her eyes aimed her sword at Sendai's throat.

Mikazuki: You lose Sendai-san.

Sendai who had managed to recover her sight saw the serious Mikazuki who is bound to kill her if she resists.

Sendai: Man, you got me there... Anyways Mikazuki-chan, please cheer up already. If you don't...

Sendai felt a different presence which was about to assault her but since she can't avoid it in time, all she can think is what will her sisters think after she die, however...

A ray of light managed to knock the assailant and Sendai turn around and saw an unconscious Mikazuki who has let go of the control of the sword.

Sendai: I wonder if that was Kumano using a non-lethal beam... But that sword, I wanna claim it...

But before Sendai can touch the sword, a voice called out to her to stop her from touching the sword.

zzz: I rather not touch that if I were you.

Sendai look at the source of the sword and it was the Admiral who was currently carrying Uzuki and Yayoi as he stood over a branch of a sturdy tree.

Hiro: Do not touch [Fragarach]

Sendai: Why?

Hiro: It's a magical sword... Now I know why Sybilla is worried.

Uzuki: Oh Mikazuki is sleeping there.

Yayoi: Uzuki, It seems that Mikazuki has been working too hard for our brother's sake.

Uzuki: Indeed. Commander, please make Mikazuki-chan happy in the future.

Hiro: I will Anyways…

Sendai and the Admiral noticed Mikazuki waking up and she saw the sword lying on the ground.

Mikazuki: I see... Sendai-san, thanks for surviving.

Sendai: Seriously, I thought I was a goner when I saw you trying to slice me in half.

Mikazuki picks up the sword and she placed it on a different dimension pocket around her.

Sendai: How convenient.

Hiro: Anyways, We have come here to take you two back home. No more fighting today.

Sendai: Alright.

Mikazuki: Okay.

Hiro: Oh well... Let's go home then.

And the 5 people has started to walk back home to where everyone is waiting for their arrival.


<p style="text-align: center;">'''|---|'''</p>

===In-between: Emergency===


Kumano who was looking at the intense battle was looking for ways to intervene when the battle has become a death match.

Kumano: But to think that Mikazuki-chan has become stronger after their trip... what happened back then.

Kumano peeks at her sniper rifle as she aims at the space between the two.

Kumano knew that if she made a mistake, she could claim a life of a ship-girl and she doesn't want to experience that feeling once again so she decided to pester the Admiral to lower the strength of her rail gun. However, she can only use it once since if she used it for the second time, it can pierce through a ship-girl's armor.

Kumano: From the looks of things, Sendai who was knowledgeable of the terrain can use the terrain against Mikazuki who is quite a strong contender.

Suddenly, she saw Mikazuki's erratic action as she is about to cut Sendai in half.

Kumano: Shit! Sorry for knocking you out Mikazuki-chan.

After saying those words, Kumano pulled the trigger and she somehow managed to hit the sword that was about to hit Sendai.

Kumano breathe a sigh of relief as she saw the results.

Kumano: Honestly, I don't want to deal with this situation ever again.

Kumano understood that there is a fine line between life and death if her shot managed to miss its target. However, since she knows the best of her abilities... she hoped that good fortune will be on her side this time around and that she can avoid tragedy from happening.

Kumano: But alas, that sword is too tough, normally, it would have been disintegrated by that shot alone... but what is this eerie feeling I felt as I look at that sword?

Kumano can only express her fear as she saw the sword she hit return to its original place, to the void.


==Reunion: Uzuki and Yayoi==

The Admiral is currently looking at the address on his cellphone while walking on a grassy trail.

Hiro: This Address however... I wonder why they know this place.

The Admiral is currently heading towards one of the villa his mother currently own. It was a villa which is close to the sea and it has been quite maintained despite its antiquity.

As soon as he saw the villa, he was greeted by 2 energetic maids. Those maids however, were Uzuki and Yayoi.

Uzuki: Welcome Home Master.

Yayoi: Welcome Home...

The two despite their difference in their approach looked cute while wearing their frilly Victorian styled maid uniform.

Hiro: So, who is at fault this time around?

As soon as he asked that question, a person comes out of the villa and answer his question.

xxx: That would be me, my dear child.

The one who have answered the Admiral's question was his mother who happens to have the same face as Hiei. However, she is in-fact an authentic ship-girl from the past.

Hiro: Mom, why do you let my sisters do chores?

Hana: It's because they want to be useful here on their stay. I heard you went somewhere again.

The Admiral's mother has indeed got the information that her son has gone missing once again. For her, it was quite a common occurrence for her since her son is always attracted to supernatural events thus all she can do is to pray that her son comes back safe and sound.

Hiro: I have been sent to a place where everything is terrible and every enemy we fought were on different leagues than us.

Hana: Is that so? To think you would actually say terrible means that there are far more powerful beings that you have met there. I understand.

Hiro: Somehow, I am not convinced that you believed me...

Uzuki: Don't worry; even though she is as carefree as ever, she was worried sick for you since there was no news to where you have went.

Yayoi: Indeed. Don't worry, Your mom believes in you. However, you need to bring us next time.

Hiro: I doubt there will be a time that I can take you there myself.

Uzuki: Cheapskate.

Yayoi: Unfair.

Hana: Oh my, these girls sure loves their brother.

Hiro: Mom! They're a part of our family now!!!

The Admiral's mother giggled as she saw the spectacle unfolds right in front of her eyes.

Hana: Hiro, please cherish them more.

Hiro: I will.

Hana: Anyways, why not stop for some dinner?

Hiro: I'll pass. I feel that Mikazuki is doing something reckless again.

Hana: Is that so? Oh well, I guess that takes precedence. Please take her to me next time. I wanna examine... I mean, I wanna know her too.

Hiro: I am pretty sure you said examine. Are you going to adopt her?

Hana: Of course not! She is important to you right?

Hiro: That's true. Anyways Uzuki and Yayoi, change your clothes and let's meet up with Mikazuki.

Uzuki and Yayoi: Roger.

the two rushed towards the villa to change their outfit. While the two were busy changing, the Admiral's mother decided to talk a bit with her son who has returned after their separation.

Hana: Anyways, I wonder if Smith-sama can be proud at you right now.

Hiro: Hmm... I wonder. Dad is quite a person who is bound to say what he feels.

Hana: Indeed. Anyways, how is Sazanami-chan?

Hiro: As usual, she is the same. Though her combat level has progressed a lot; Thanks to that world that we are forced to level up.

Hana: I see. Where you will go next time?

Hiro: I wonder. I wanted to stay at the naval base once again and watch them grow into fine ladies since they are all bound to grow in the end.

Hana: Indeed. But since Ship-girls had their age frozen due to some mystic powers at work, I can't really say if they will grow up at all.

Hiro: That's true. Anyways, why did you brought them here?

Hana: Oh that?

Hiro: I really wonder if you are teasing me or not.

Hana: Well, this is the only place I know to where you would smile. I know that you are still mad at me when I separated you from Samidare and that was due to the fact that the role I have is hostile towards her due to some historical misunderstanding. Anyways, whenever we went here with Kino-chan, you always smile and play with her as if you have totally forgotten the grudge you have in me.

Hiro: Is that the reason why you have bought this property for no reason at all?

Hana: Yup. Because I was planning to give this to you if I ever decide to pass on, After all, I am quite an old lady already. Hurry up and take control of this family.

Hiro: Sadly, I still want you to work to the bone. I want to enjoy my marriage life after all.

Hana: How funny.

Hiro: Well... I guess with Uzuki and Yayoi around, I guess your boredom has decreased.

Hana: Yeah. Those two were quite a handful, but they remind me of you when you were young. It's a shame that I have failed to take care of you back when you were young.

Hiro: So it's your repentance?

Hana: Indeed.

There was silence after that. A few seconds after, Yayoi and Uzuki came out of the villa wearing their combat uniforms.

Yayoi: We have arrived

Uzuki: Indeed~♪

The Admiral and his mother looked at the two and they both smiled as they remind themselves of the past.

Hana: Well then, take care on your way back home.

Hiro: Thanks mom. I wish we could have talked back then.

Hana: Well, things happened for a reason.

Hiro: Indeed.

Soon, the Admiral stood up and he carried placed Uzuki and Yayoi on his shoulders.

Hiro: If you excuse us.

Uzuki: See you later, Mom.

Yayoi: Take care.

And the three went on their way leaving the Admiral's mother behind.

Hana: I wonder if Smith-sama is happy to see us right now.

As soon as she spoke those words, a voice replied from the darkness. It was a ship-girl whose hobby is collecting data.

Aoba: I am pretty sure sensei would have been if he saw that right now.

Hana: Oh my, why are you here?

Aoba: I am here for my side job.

Hana: I see... well then, shall we talk this over tea?

Aoba: I would glad to.

And the two went inside the villa to discuss something over tea. The topic of their conversation is something that would affect them in the near future.



==Akashi's and Ooyodo's return==

Akashi ad Ooyodo return back to their hometown after the vacation was set into motion. Akashi looked around and she saw that nothing has changed over the years. Ooyodo however saw the minute changes that Akashi has missed,

Akashi: Ooyodo, do you remember the time when we are new here?

Ooyodo: Indeed. This place is the place where we can be ourselves.

As Ooyodo has stated that, she held Akashi's hand and the two held their hands tightly.

Akashi remembered the time when Ooyodo was her secret lover and they decided to keep it between themselves until they can prove to the world that they can do it. However... their relationship has ended after the arrival of one person.

Thus, even though they are together right now, all they have for one another were the feelings of being closest of friends. Even so, people still misunderstood them as lovers due to the fact to how close they are.

Ooyodo: But to think we have returned here after quite some time. There are some things that time can't change.

Akashi: Indeed. However... will this feeling end when he has come and get us?

Ooyodo: I wonder. After all, we like him... rather, we both love him and we accepted the fact that we can no longer fall one another after falling for him.

Akashi: Indeed, that story is quite something that can be put into the teen-targeted romance novels.

Ooyodo chuckles as she know how corny their love story was. Even so... that was the best times of their lives.

And as soon as they felt like moving on, they saw a person who was spelled doom to their past selves.

Akashi: I wonder why when we think of this way, he arrives at this timely fashion.

Ooyodo: Because we are somewhat connected to him. Also, we saw the Kamikazes a while ago; right?

Akashi nodded in agreement and after that, the two decided to let go of their hands and run towards the man to whom they have fallen in love with. However, that said person didn't know that fact yet.


==Noshiro's stubbornness==

===Sakawa's View===


Noshiro decided to separate from her sisters once in a while and head to a different place. It was due to the fact that her mixed feelings for Sakawa still lingers inside of her and she didn't want them to worry at all...

Sakawa who is rather not welcoming the fact that she has to stalk her big sister Noshiro was the one being ordered to since she has no capacity to take care the whimsical Big sister Agano who can be only be taken care of by Yahagi and Noshiro, but of course, they knew better that Noshiro is the best caretaker of them all since she made sure that Agano doesn't do any mischief at all.

In the end, Yahagi begged and made a dogeza on Sakawa pleading that she needs to keep an eye on Noshiro so that she doesn't do anything rash at all. Sakawa knew that the Admiral has returned to the base and thus, she decided to accept Yahagi's unconventional way of asking for help.

And back to reality...

Sakawa: This is quite nuts, Noshiro-nee must have been feeling down that she wants to go to the sea to drown herself. Wait, ship-girls can't drown themselves right?

As Sakawa thought of that, she saw Noshiro slowly drifting into the ocean without wearing any equipment.

Sakawa knew that her Big sister Noshiro will die if she takes a few more steps to the ocean as it tries to drift her away from the land and would result to her drowning in the end. Sakawa also knew that once her cover is blown away...

But nonetheless, she decided to help Noshiro but...

Sakawa knew that the Admiral is always ready to save anyone who is in dire need of his help and as she remember those words, the Admiral arrived at the scene and he pulls out Noshiro who was rather not thinking about herself.

Sakawa understood why Noshiro loves the Admiral... And Sakawa knows that Noshiro loves her more than what she feels right now.

And thus, her heart aches as she saw that scene unfolding right in front of her eyes...


<p style="text-align: center;">'''|---|'''</p>

===Noshiro's View:===


Noshiro thought that her life would end as soon as she gets swept away by the current, however that is what she had wished for since she can't bear the fact that she is less loved... rather, not loved by the Admiral.

However, her attempt to kill herself has resulted in vain once again... because this time, the man she loves has rescued her.

Hiro: Noshiro, Are you alright?

Noshiro could see a man who is reliable and at the same time unreliable waking her up as she slowly regains consciousness.

Noshiro: ...

As soon as Noshiro has noticed it, tears started to trickle down her face.

Hiro: What's wrong?

Noshiro: Admiral, why do I feel so miserable right now? Why do I feel like dying whenever I think of you?

Hiro: That is...

Noshiro: Admiral, why do I love you so much?

The Admiral was lost for words as Noshiro spoke those words that came out from her mouth.

Noshiro: Admiral?

The Admiral who was rather shaken by the fact that another person's life he have destroyed due to his weakness...

Hiro: Noshiro, I don't understand...

Noshiro: Me too. Tell me why?

Hiro: I wonder... are you mad at me? Are you sad because I always think more of Sakawa than you? Are you... AHHH!!! I had it!

Noshiro can't understand why the Admiral is also having a hard time deciding too... normally, the Admiral would give answers right away and this is the first time she saw the Admiral pushed to a corner by his worries.

Hiro: Even after travelling to that world, I haven't able to get the answer to this question. What a troublesome one. Noshiro, I am not yet worthy to say this but... I think I like you too.

Noshiro: Eh?

Hiro: Honestly, I really wonder why I feel this way. Whenever I am with Sakawa, I always tell her stories of you as if I am boasting how good you are and even so... I hurt you by liking Sakawa and ignoring this growing admiration I have for you.

Noshiro: I know already that Sakawa is the reason why you didn't give up on that operation. I already know that. But..., I am glad Admiral. I am glad that you have fallen for me.

Noshiro who had somewhat regain her sanity saw how pathetic the Admiral is right now, so she decided that she will take care of him too for in that moment of his weakness.

And so, with a new-founded reason for Noshiro to love the Admiral, she gave him the first kiss that she was saving for into the Admiral's lips.<br />What she didn't know is that her sister Sakawa has witnessed everything that happened between them.


==A big party to celebrate (Prep)==

After gathering the 60% of the whole fleet, the Admiral noticed that most of his capital ships weren't around the base.

Hiro: This is bad.

Sazanami: What is it Master?

Hiro: Well, our main offense isn't in sight.

Sazanami: Oh right, but what must we do then Master?

Hiro: I have an idea...



Houshou who is currently working at her Izakaya received a mail coming from the Admiral stating that he needed a lot of food and drinks for the party tonight. It was going to held outdoors to get a breath of fresh air.

Even so, Houshou replied happily as she presses her reply in her cellular phone.

Houshou: ...and send~♪

After that, her helper who happens to be her old friend noticed the happy mood surrounding Houshou and started to talk to her.

xxx: Whose message is that?

Houshou: Oh right. Didn't you know the Admiral has returned?

xxx: What did you said!?

Houshou: Ryuujou sure is quite clueless aren't you.

Houshou's old friend refers to Ryuujou who is there at her Izakaya acting out as her helper since she didn't want to return to her hometown.

Ryuujou is also accompanied with Zuihou who happens to be looking for a job and a place to stay.

Ryuujou: But to think that he contacted you means...

Houshou: It means that he is luring those party animals.

Ryuujou: I see. well then, let me contact Shoukaku and Zuikaku too. Taihou should be around and Graf is still in Germany right?

Houshou: Yup. Musashi said that she will be here later, so I better tell her that news too. Yamato is with Iowa right now and they were... what do you call that?

Zuihou who overheard that tell them the term that young people do nowadays.

Zuihou: It's Bar-hopping Madame Houshou.

Houshou: Oh my, but I am not married so calling me Madame is a bit...

Ryuujou: it's fine, she always felt that she is married to the Admiral anyways. Say, how about you make a comeback and kick those CVBs into oblivion.

Houshou: That is quite a tall order...

Ryuujou: Anyways, I better call Mizuho-san and Akitsushima too. Zuihou, do you know where Chitose and Chiyoda are?

Zuihou: They told me that they were on a ride with the Kamikazes and heading back to base later tonight.

Ryuujou: I see. Well then Zuihou, call that Loser Mechanic.

Zuihou: Kurogane-san?

Ryuujou: I don't know where Unryuu and her sisters are but if we baited Katsuragi to come there, her sisters might follow due to their worries on Katsuragi's love life.

Zuihou: I see.

yyy: How about I also help you guys.

the three look at their customer who is rather quite rare to see as a guest.

Houshou: Can you please tell me where the others are are? Aoba-san's side-job is an information broker right?

Aoba felt a chill as Houshou managed to obtain that information to a connection she didn't knew.

Aoba: Anyways, The Myoukous are easy to find. They were bar hopping too so I can guess where they are later. Prinz is currently working as a waitress at a cafe and this is the last day of her work, she will return to base by herself. Souryuu and Hiryuu were currently with the Akagi and Kaga doing something that can be called out of this world.

Houshou: They must have been terrorizing those restaurants that serves buffet.

Aoba: Well... it's fine since they managed to pay for that. Well, the hardest for me to locate would be Suzuya.

Houshou: Suzuya-san?

Aoba: I have no inkling where she is right now.

Houshou: I see... Well then, it's time to do our works then. We'll be delivering the orders later at 8 in the evening. so please contact everyone now.

rest: Yes Ma'am!

And the whole Izakaya is already busy despite it's still 10 in the morning.


==Suzuya's concern==

Suzuya is currently talking to Yuugumo who is out there to look for her.

Suzuya: Is that so? I guess I have to return tonight.

Yuugumo who was looking for her for the past 3 days can't hide the fact that she is annoyed that it took her 3 days to look for her.

Yuugumo: I wonder, why can't I track you at all? It's not that you know I was looking for you right?

Suzuya: Indeed. But you know, ever since knowing Kumano's ability to snipe from any place at any time, I feared that if I ever do something bad to her, I might end up dead like you before.

Yuugumo froze to heard those lines coming from Suzuya.

Suzuya: Don't worry... I know that you are that Yuugumo that Kumano shot a year ago. She really is crying when she had confirmed that you have died... but how did you...

Yuugumo: I made it back here because I need to help the Admiral and my sister Kazagumo who seems to be awkward with one another.

Suzuya: A matchmaker, but aren't those matchmakers fall in love with the man they are trying to match with?

Yuugumo: That's true. But I have loved him before Kazagumo arrived at the base.

Suzuya: So?

Yuugumo: It's not relevant now, either if I love him or not. Now then Suzuya, why are you afraid of Kumano, aren't you two friends?

Suzuya: ...

Yuugumo: I figured that maybe because if you try to charm the Admiral, and to think that her friend is stealing her man, of course she would be burning with rage and might kill her friend as a consequence. So Suzuya, were you trying to learn how to remove your tracks?

Suzuya: You got me there.

Yuugumo: seriously. I heard that you were still not found so I took my chance to set up a perimeter to see if you will arrive at my hypothesis. In the end, you didn't go to my trap, but you walked right straight at me. Call it being lucky.

Suzuya: I knew that there are some trap, but I didn't realized that the safe path I saw will lead me to you.

Yuugumo: Anyways. Let's return back then. The Admiral is worried.

Suzuya: Alright.

Suzuya imagines the situation when the Admiral is out looking for her...

Suzuya: Say Yuugumo, if the Admiral looked for me...

Yuugumo: He will find you in no time. Asides, maybe he only needs an hour to locate you. After all, he is a monster.

Suzuya: but that monster is the one we loved right?

Yuugumo didn't object and nodded in Suzuya's argument.

Yuugumo: Indeed... that monster is my first love.


==Kinugasa's return==

Kinugasa is currently working on her business proposal when her secretary called her.

Secretary: Kino-sama, Hiro-sama is here to visit you.

Kinugasa: Hiro? Wait, he is here already?

Secretary: Yup. It seems that your Fiancé is quite more charming than the last time we saw him.

Kinugasa: I know... but if he is here now...

Secretary: What is the matter, Kino-sama?

Kinugasa: If he is here. then I have to return then.

Secretary: Oh right. Kino-sama is after all one of our heroes.

Kinugasa: heroes?

Secretary: Well, it's quite a good publicity act that you are doing well as a ship-girl. We all will be waiting for your return once again.

Kinugasa: I see, Well then, Let me tell you something.

Secretary: What is it?

Kinugasa: Your business Proposal is quite good, but I still need some minor revisions to that. Overall, this is good enough.

Secretary: Really!?

Kinugasa: Of course, this recommendation came from the best businesswoman in the world.

Secretary: Thank you Kino-sama.

Kinugasa: Well then, I better go now. My Prince is waiting for me.

Secretary: Take care.

Kinugasa left her office to her secretary once again and headed back to where the Admiral is waiting for her. As soon as their eyes met, she immediately threw a hug on him as a sign of her welcome.

Kinugasa: Welcome Back.

Hiro: I am home.

After that short exchange, the two went out and head back towards to the place where they consider home.



==Kumano's trial.==

A day after the Admiral has returned back to the base, the Admiral secretly went and look for Kumano, it was already dark at night when he started to walk towards an old mansion.

Hiro: As expected of her... she really did made her home as clean as ever.

The Admiral express his admiration as he looks at the perfectly preserved house which has stood for over 100 years.

Soon, the Admiral took out his cellular phone and answers the incoming call.

Hiro: Hiro Raven Speaking. What is it Sazanami?

On the other side of the call, Sazanami noticed the weakened presence of the Admiral so she decided to give him a call so that she knows where he is at this moment of time.

Sazanami: Are you looking for Kumano-san tonight?

Hiro: Yup. I know that you might get angry at me if I...

Sazanami: Stupid Master, I am quite mad right now.

Hiro: Sorry.

Sazanami: Anyways, if you think you can bring her back tonight, then make up with me tomorrow evening.

Hiro: Thanks.

Sazanami: In return, whatever you do to Kumano-san, you must give it to me in triple.

Hiro: Yes Ma'am.

Sazanami: Anyways, take care and love you.

Hiro: I love you too.

The phone call has ended and the Admiral looked at the house once again.

Hiro: But this house has no people?

Indeed, to the naked eye, there was no lights at inside the house at this moment of time so he thought that it was due to the fact that Kumano might not be around. However...

Hiro: According to Yuugumo who have surveyed the area, a lot of delivery services come and enter the domain which signifies the presence of people. but even so, where could she be...

But before he can say what he wanted to say, he remembered something from his memories.

He looked around and he saw a small path that will go through the other side.

Hiro: I wonder where this will take me.

The path he has crossed is long and narrow, it is also dark since it was shadowed by the tall houses which was built around the place.

As soon as he has reached the end, he saw a garden filled with Moon Flowers

Kumano: Welcome to my secret garden, Hiro-sama. How long when was the last time you went here?

Hiro: I can't recall...

Kumano: I don't mind. After all, I have been waiting for you.

Hiro: I see. So, how many fast food and Pizza did you order already?

Kumano: Eh!?

Hiro: You know Kumano, you are a lady, but a lady needs to eat proper foods too. Akatsuki is looking up to you, don't you know?

Kumano: But Hiro-sama, I have no culinary skills at all.

Hiro: Oh well... I know that anyways. So, let me cook dinner for you.

Kumano smiled as she was being treated as a princess by the Admiral.

Kumano: Anyways, stay here for the night. I already asked permission from Sazanami-chan herself and it's good. Oh, I can't wait to sleep with you tonight.

Hiro: What!? Wait, I need to...

But before the Admiral can protest, Kumano silenced him with a kiss.

Kumano: So, are you planning on leaving this weak princess alone in this surreal moonlit garden?

Hiro: Of course no.

Kumano: Good. Anyways, make dinner for the two of us already.

Hiro: Alright.

And so, the two managed to return back to the base the day after.


==Graf's return==

Graf Zeppelin returns after she was summoned by the exchange officer back in Germany for some interview and along with her are the destroyers Z1 and Z3.

Z1: Graf-san, me and Max will go ahead. Meet you later at the base.

Graf: Alright. Please tell Prinz that she has to get back to base too.

Z3: Roger.

Graf: Also, please tell Ro-500 that her papers were approved.

Z1: Alright. Anyways Graf-san, off we go then. See you later.

Graf: Alright.

Graf sends the two destroyers off since she has to do something for a bit.



Graf arrived at a place to where table tennis was played.

And after a while, Graf greeted the people there as if she has been playing there for months already.

Graf: Take good care of me then.

Player A: Thanks for your patronage

Manager: Indeed.

Graf: Anyways, I want to practice again. I want to beat a certain enemy which I still have to defeat.

Player A: Eh?

Manager: So the ace of this place still lost to someone in Ping-pong, that is surprising.

Graf has secretly entered this table tennis club in order for her to take revenge on the humiliating defeat she has experienced against the Admiral and she has been polishing her skills since then, waiting for the time that she can defeat him in a match of wits and skills.

And so, in few months time, she has defeated the ace of the club and became the new ace, however...

Manager: Good Morning, are you new here?

Hiro: Yes. can I join your club?

Manager: Alright.

Graf saw the person that she wanted to defeat.

Graf: What the...

The Admiral saw her immediately.

Hiro: Yo! I never know I will find you here!

Player A: Graf-san, you know him?

Graf can only smile wryly as she saw her greatest opportunity appearing at her doorsteps.

Graf: Yes. He is the person I was referring to a while ago.

Player A: Really?

Player A looks at him from head to toe and he started to analyze his opponent.

Player A: Master, I wanna test the new guy.

Manager: Please be easy on him.

Player A: I wonder about that...


A few minutes after, the Admiral was being called to fight Player A in one round of table tennis, the Admiral has accepted his challenge. At first, Graf is worried if the Admiral will let loose but...

Player A: 9-1 C'mon Pal! I heard you are good. Come at me Bro!!!

Graf facepalms as she saw how bad the Admiral plays... or more like he is taking too long to attack. But after the provocation of the enemy has ended, Graf felt a chilling aura as if something has descended.

Hiro: [Preparations Complete]

Player A: Any last words?

Hiro: It took me a while before I got used to your play style. Honestly, I really need to play more. But now... It's time for my counter attack.

Player A: Bring it on! (As if you can close that gap anyways.)

And so the Admiral started on his offense.



A few minutes after...

Umpire:  9-11 Game to Hiro Raven.

Player A fell down on his knees.

Player A: Impossible. How did you know managed to return my secret move? I haven't used that on you yet you successfully countered it?

Hiro: Your play style is quite good. you switch offense and defense so fast I need to adjust my calculations on your actions. Honestly, I thought I was going to lose.

Player A: You flatter me pal. Say, how about a rematch?

Hiro: Are you sure?

Player A: of course I don't mind (and this time, I will wipe you off the floor.)

A few minutes later Player A didn't even scored a point against the newcomer.

Umpire: 0-11 game and match to Hiro Raven.

it was clear as the day who dominated the whole fight.



Manager who witnessed the fight managed to understand what is going on.

Manager: Graf-san, is he your rival?

Graf: Yeah. So far, I haven't won against him at all.

Manager: I see... All I can say is that you need to attack him fast and finish the game fast to win.

Graf: Yeah, that is what I think so...

Manager: Do you think you can handle him now?

Graf: Yes.

Manager: Well then...



The Manager approached the Admiral and he told him that the ace is interested in their fight so the ace wishes to fight him too.

Hiro: Alright. Who is the ace?

Graf: I am.

Hiro: Oh.

Graf: I'll settle the score between us then!

Hiro: I see. Graf, how about a wager then?

Graf: Alright. 3 commands once again.

Hiro: Yup.

Graf: This time, I will defeat you!!!

Hiro: Bring it on, Ace!



The fight was scheduled for 3 sets and there was no need to hurry at the battle, However...

Graf has been delivering fast strikes and left and right and she managed to pulled an early lead against the Admiral, however, the Admiral managed to return some of the ball which resulted to his points.

Graf: Strange...

Hiro: What is it Graf-san?

Graf: how did you managed to catch up? you haven't finished calculating right?

Hiro: Oh my. You are good. But...

The admiral delivers a shot that destroys logic.

Graf: Zigzag?

The Zigzag refers to the ball which goes that turned a 90 degree angle as it hit the table. Rather, this move is within the realms of physics.

But Graf managed to return the ball using a fast ball.

The Admiral then uses a different move that totally destroyed logic.

Hiro: [Secret move] Piercing arrow.

The Admiral hits the ball and it aimed at the corner of the table.

Graf anticipated it and she managed to hit the ball, however...

the ball punctured a hole to her racket.

Graf knew that everything else after that will be trouble.



After 2 sets, the Admiral has defeated Graf easily and the Admiral has single-handedly won the match.

Hiro: Well then... time to use one command.

Graf: What!?

Hiro: Don't you know... I have a right to use it anytime I wished for.

Graf: Right.

Hiro: Anyways Graf, I order you to go home already.

Graf: Oh... Roger.

Hiro: Well then, Mr. Manager, thanks for today. Here's my calling card...

The Admiral left a calling card to the manager as he and Graf left the club. After they left, the manager's eyes grew big when he saw the name written in the calling card.

==A big party to celebrate (final)==

Night has arrived and everyone was already prepared. A few hours ago, the submarines arrived after hearing the news that the admiral has returned so they decided to return on their own since they were doing free diving lessons to kids in the nearby shore. So far, only capitals ships were left to arrive since the few of the drunkards has already arrived and already messing the wine that Pola had bought for herself.

Hiro: Anyways, now that we are all here... Actually, there are a lot of people who have yet to return... but even so, Everyone; cheers for our reinstatement.

And so, everyone touched each other's glass and they started eating. But before anyone picks a food on the table, a loud noise was heard from nearby. It is also accompanied with the sound of rumbling thunder as it roars from nearby.

Hiro: Oh. looks like it worked.

Sazanami: What did you do Master?

Hiro: I told Houshou-san that we are going to do this, so she decided to call the others who we have no contact with. Luckily, Ryuujou is also there so the relay of info has been smooth. Now then... Looks like all I need to do is to wait for...

Yuugumo: No need to wait for that Admiral.

Yuugumo arrived with Suzuya as she was out for three days trying to track down Suzuya.

Hiro: Oh! good job Yuugumo.

Yuugumo: Praise me more~♪

Sazanami saw the group that was approaching them and it was the usual people who can consume more than what was left of the naval base.

Sazanami: Seriously, They are quite a feat themselves.

Leading the pack was Akagi who was already preparing her chopsticks and Kaga who is just running behind Kaga.

The rest of the group were also running in full steam and the Admiral knows that they are hungry once again.

Hiro: I do hope that we have enough food for everyone.

Sazanami: Don't worry, our sponsor has already added the food we have ordered.

Hiro: Good then. Well then folks. Once again, Cheers for our reinstatement!

All: CHEERS!!!

And the party has begun.


==Omake 1: Meeting at the Villa==

Aoba has managed to meet with the Admiral's mother, Hana since she was looking for her for the longest time. However, this time; she was there to ask something regarding to her teacher who happens to be the Admiral's late father.

Hana: Sit down, what can I do to Smith-sama's former student?

Aoba sits down and sips the tea that Hana has prepared for her.

Aoba: It's about the situation we are in at this moment Madame.

Hana: Hana would be sufficient enough, I have transferred the rights already to my son.

Aoba: Oh right. Anyways Hana-sama, It seems that HQ were quite quiet this time around.

Hana: Indeed. Those people who were once an ally of Smith-sama were has now deteriorated to this.

Aoba: Well, they do have their concerns. Hiro-kun is quite a troublesome appearance to those guys after all.

Hana: And recently, when Hiro was gone missing for a month; HQ tried to pressure the base to operate despite losing its Admiral and the major pillars that runs it. Luckily, Lady Kino was there to handle things smoothly. Lady Kumano has also did some dirty work to make sure the pressure is alleviated.

Aoba: Indeed. We are thankful we have her. But seriously, one thing that doesn't tally to us.

Hana: Who told them that information, am I right?

Aoba: Yes.

Hana: That would not be surprising.

Aoba: So you knew it already?

Hana: Yes. I know that there is a traitor in his ranks. I know that from the start. I have already met her.

Aoba: So, what action shall we take? I am afraid that we cannot suffer another loss this time around. Yuugumo-chan was been taken down due to that.

Hana: Indeed. That spy used Yuugumo's past and use that as a leverage to make her steal info and to sell it to those people. However, my son who is so naive back then knew that she is not the perpetrator but Lady Kino and Lady Kumano didn't believed him so in the end, she died via miscommunication. My son was close to discover who the spy is but the chase was cut short when Lady Kumano delivered the last shot.

Aoba: indeed. It's a shame we lost a good one. But now that she has returned by some miracle, things gone favorable for us.

Hana: Yup. She managed to retain her memories and she knows who that spy is.

Aoba: So, what will the Admiral do?

Hana: If she was caught back then, she could have died. But, now that the bonds inside the base is quite strong... I believe that my son will make a sound judgment about this. After all, he went to Aigis' place.

Aoba: Aigis?

Hana: The world where enemies are like no other. I have been contacted by her once to tell me that my son was accidentally summoned to her place.

Aoba: I see... well then, why was Sazanami, Samidare and Mikazuki vanished too?

Hana: That is the request of my son. you know him, he can't calm down if he didn't saw their faces.

Aoba: True. but to bring 3 more. Looks like the trouble they have was quite hard.

Hana: There were times that they almost got killed, but luckily, their friends helped them on their journey back here.

Aoba: Well then, Let me ask one thing before I leave.

Hana: What is it?

Aoba: It's about the Identity of the spy, will you let me handle her?

Hana: Nope. but if Hiro has given you the right to supervise her, then I have no reason to reject that.

Aoba: I see... well then, I better go...

Hana: One thing I must say Aoba-san, The spy has been close to Lady Kumano all along.

Aoba: I see. Thanks for that.

Aoba stood up and took her leave as she accomplished the task she was assigned to do.

Hana saw that the things will not be the same once Aoba report her findings to the Admiral, but she didn't mind it at all... After all, people are victims to their own weaknesses.


==Omake 2: Sakawa's decision.==

Sakawa who have seen what happened between the Admiral and Noshiro decided to run with all her might away from the scene.

Sakawa: (If I didn't existed, Noshiro-nee would be happy with him and she won't worry about me at all.)

To Sakawa, Noshiro is the most sensible of them all and she wanted her to be happy for the sake that she won't get tied down by Agano who is quite a whimsical fellow.

To Sakawa, love is something that is not near to her... rather, she felt alienated by it. Because she didn't know what it was and she haven't experienced it yet. For her, love is...

Sakawa: but each time I saw the Admiral and Noshiro being happy together, it pains my heart every time I see that scene. Why?

Sakawa runs further and further until she managed to put up some distance between her and the happiness that blossomed between Noshiro and the Admiral.

However, life isn't like that... And things like that can't escape the eyes of the Admiral.

Hiro: It seems that I have hurt you too.

Sakawa: eh?

Sakawa heard a voice that calls out to her.

Sakawa saw the Admiral who is carrying a sleeping Noshiro.

Sakawa: I see... you two have already reconciled.

Hiro: Yeah.

Sakawa: So Admiral, did you already decided on who you should take?

Hiro: Yup.

Sakawa: I see... Congratulations on you two then.

Hiro: Sadly, that is not 100% right.

Sakawa: What do you mean?

Hiro: Because even though I have recognize my feelings for Noshiro, I still can't forget you.

Sakawa: eh?

Hiro: I mean it when I say that I wanted you to be mine.

Sakawa: Please Admiral, don't do that... Noshiro-nee will despise me again. and if she happens to despise me, she will kill...

Hiro: Noshiro made her promise with me... I am going to make sure that I will fulfill it.

Sakawa's face saw a man who is determined to do the impossible.

Sakawa: What is Noshiro-nee's wish?

The Admiral smiled and he started to pat Sakawa's head.

Hiro: Her wish is... To make her younger sister, Sakawa happy.

Tears started to fall from her eyes...

Sakawa: Impossible, Noshiro-nee won't wish for that. I mean...

Hiro: Sakawa! Tell me your wish!!! I'll fulfill it!

Sakawa who was surprised when the Admiral asked her for her wish, she wished that she didn't want to be loved by the Admiral, however... Sakawa knew that the Admiral will not accept it since this will do no good at all. Sakawa looked on the sleeping face of Noshiro and she finally came up with a plan.

Sakawa: Alright Admiral, I will tell you my wish.

Hiro: Alright.

Sakawa took a deep breath and she pats the Admiral's head.

Sakawa: I wish that you make Noshiro-nee happy.

As Sakawa delivered her wish, she felt that she has become a part of the Admiral.

Sakawa: (Ah, I can see now why Agano-nee wanted her wish to be recognized. A wish forms an eternal bond and it can only be broken once the one being promised fulfilled the promise.)

Hiro: Well then Sakawa, let's go home.

Sakawa: yup.

The three finally decided to return back home.


==Omake 3: XXX==

A: It's me, I am currently reporting that the Admiral has returned to the base.

Q: is that so?

A: So, what should I do?

Q: Return to the base. I need you to gather data once again.

A: I see... By the way, what should we do if they got suspicious again?

Q: You can manipulate someone and send her to the firing range.

A: I see...

Q: Do you have any doubts?

A: None.

Q: Good, may our country prosper due to your actions.

A: The Honor is mine.



<p style="text-align: center;">'''<Network terminated>'''</p>



A girl is currently looking at her phone as she leisurely rest on a 4* hotel room to where no one would know who she is.

A: But to think that I am going to betray his trust... I wonder if my soul has already have a place on hell itself.

Indeed, she had betrayed that said person 2 times already, first was the death of Yuugumo, and the second was the attempted assassination on Naka. However, Naka managed to defeat her assailants despite the fact that she is unarmed and the assailants were using full tactical gear with high powered weapons.

A: Naka sure is a troublesome existence to us all... with her as a castle guard, no one can enter that stronghold. I wish I can learn magic to tie her down.

It was indeed a miracle if magic do exist, but she only knew one person capable of doing that... the Admiral himself.

Suddenly, she felt that there was a person closing in to her location.

A: an enemy?

Without her gear, she is nothing more than a regular girl and her combat abilities as a normal girl is 0. She thought that if she tried to forcefully escape, she will create a fuss which will make her leave some tracks behind.

A: I have no choice... I better go at night.

And so, she has decided to follow her gut instincts.



A few hours later, she was caught on an elaborate trap.

A: (shit, someone is coming here...)

But she is lucky that the person who will approach her is someone she knew.

A breathe a sigh of relief and prepared to go back home.

- end.
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]