''These are the events that happened inside the naval base during the whole summer operation.''


==Katori's debut==

For once, Katori didn't thought of being sent to the front lines. But as far as crazy things happens... Katori was summoned by the Admiral.

Katori: What is it Admiral?

Hiro: Well Katori, I want to test few things out so... What I want to say is that, please help me in finishing the first operation.

Katori: Really? But Am I not suitable for the job? I mean you can still assign someone else for this.

Hiro: Well... I do have some few things in my mind. But for now, I think it’s appropriate to send you to battles.

Katori: I see...

Hiro: Don't worry, they are willing to help you out.

Katori: Alright. Let's just say I was conned by you to sortie...

Hiro: If that is what you think... oh well. Anyways Katori, do your very best.

Katori: Alright.

Katori walked outside the office. After she closed the door, she did a fist pump to secretly express her happiness which was saw by Kashima who was by circumstances around at that scene.

Kashima: Onee-chan sure is happy. I wonder if the Admiral has proposed to you.

Katori: Kashima!!

Kashima: Ufufufu. So what did happened?

Katori: Well... He asked me...

Kashima: to marry you?

Katori: Of course NO! Anyways, he asked me to be the Flagship of the fleet that does operations at this moment.

Kashima: Oh, the submarine fleet. Don't worry Onee-chan, you can do it just fine. Asides, it's a big plus that you are a 4-slotter.

Katori: I see...

Kashima: Anyways... while we are at it, if you manage to defeat the boss... he might reward you with something... You know... a night...

Katori: KASHIMA!!!

Kashima run away from Katori as she tries to escape Katori's wrath.

And later that day, Katori managed to defeat the boss.


==Katori's reward==

After the said battles, Katori was summoned by the Admiral.

Katori: (monologue) I wonder if Kashima's words were true and that the Admiral will reward me with spending a night with him... I mean, I know that I like him that much, does he feel it? Does he knows it? Ah, this is terrible, my heart beats faster and my mind is going crazy today.

Soon as she arrives at the door of the Admiral's office, Katori knocks at the door.

Katori: I have arrived Admiral.

Hiro: Enter.

Katori enters the room and she saw the Admiral waiting for her. She sat at the sofa which was found inside the office.

Hiro: Good. It seems that you have did a great deal to yourself this time around.

Katori: What do you mean?

Hiro: I mean, you have surpassed my expectations and with that...

Katori gulps as she waits for the Admiral to say the right words.

Hiro: ... You should be properly awarded to your great contributions to the team.

Katori: Really? (I wonder what it should be...)

Hiro: Anyways, I still haven't decided for a reward though, but I can probably ask you for something that you might want.

Katori: Really?

Hiro: Yup. For as long as it's not something that is impossible for me to attain.

Katori: I see... Well, I want to spend the night with you...

Hiro: Spend the night? Doing what?

Katori: Well... (I can't say it! What am I saying to him?)

Hiro: Katori?

Katori: Spend the night with me eating the food at Mamiya's.

Hiro: Oh that?

Katori: Yup... (Sigh* in the end, I didn't say what I want. What Am I thinking?)

Hiro: Anyways. Let's go to the Izakaya too... I wanted to unwind a bit after our dinner, is that fine with you?

Katori: Yes admiral.

Hiro: Alright, you are now dismissed.

Katori stood up and left the Office.

That night Katori drink the night away and the Admiral has to carry her back to her room.


==Minazuki==

Minazuki arrives at the naval base and she immediately greeted the Admiral of the base.

Minazuki: The Sixth ship of Mutsuki-class destroyer, Minazuki. Sorry for the delay Commander, Best regards! ...... Ehehe.

Hiro: I am the Admiral of this naval base. Anyways... I just realized that you are wearing shorts, why not a skirt?

Minazuki: I do not know the reason for that Commander. I guess this short turns you on? Isn't it?

Hiro: ...

Minazuki: Anyways, I am kidding. Just kidding, please don't take it serious will ya?

Hiro: Alright. Anyways... I thought I have picked up another Kisaragi.

Minazuki: About Kisaragi-nee? What is with her?

Hiro: To tell you the truth, up until now... she still tries to make advances to me... in a perverted way.

Minazuki: I see. Anyways, what do you think of me? As a girl of course, I would not allow any comments that would point that I looked like a boy.

Hiro: Hmm... You are quite energetic and I guess sweet too... but you are quite mischievous too. I can say that you are not a kid despite looking like one.

Minazuki: Wha... I see. So the Commander sees me differently.

Hiro: Well... I am used to seeing girls like you. As a matter of fact, being a big brother to Uzuki and Yayoi really helps.

Minazuki: You are a big brother? To Uzuki-chan and Yayoi-chan?

Hiro: Yup. So, I guess you can also call me 'big brother' too.

Minazuki: Hmm... Alright, you are quite interesting to tease, Onii-san.

Hiro: Alright. Anyways, I don't want you to say that when Mikazuki is around.

Minazuki: Why?

Hiro: Well...

Minazuki: But Mikazuki-chan is already there at the door.

Hiro: Say again?

Minazuki: Mikazuki heard our conversation.

Hiro: Oh no.

Mikazuki who is emitting her killing intent standing at the entrance of the office

Mikazuki: I heard that Minazuki-chan is getting chummy with you. Commander, isn't this an act of cheating?

Hiro: Wait Mikazuki. I am just treating Minazuki as someone like my younger sisters.

Mikazuki: But you promised me!!

Minazuki who sees the conversation unfolds between the two excuses herself from the duo that looked like having their lovers quarrel and exits the admiral's office.



As she walks in the corridor, she was greeted by Satsuki

Satsuki: Oh Minazuki.

Minazuki: Sachin! It's been a while.

Satsuki: Yeah.

Minazuki: Is Fumi-chan here?

Satsuki: Sadly, she is not here in this base.

Minazuki: I see. But I am fine. Sachin is here with me.

Satsuki: Anyways, did you meet with the commander?

Minazuki: Yup. He is an interesting guy.

Satsuki: Well then, let's talk a bit then.

And the two walked towards the mess hall.


==Satsuki and Minazuki: Girls talk==

Lunch time and Satsuki and Minazuki were currently eating at the mess hall. The two who met for the first time discussed about a few things about their lives as a ship and how Satsuki's life as a ship-girl was also been a center of their topic of discussion.

Anyways, while the two were talking, Mikazuki and the Admiral arrived at the mess hall and they order a meal together and they eat at the same table. Minazuki took notice of how close the two were and asks Satsuki about the said matter.

Minazuki: Sachin, Can I ask a bit?

Satsuki: What is it Minazuki?

Minazuki: Is it just me or Mikazuki-chan is somewhat close to the Commander.

Satsuki who was still chewing her pork cutlets finished eating a part and answers Minazuki's inquiry.

Satsuki: You see Minazuki. Mikazuki is leagues away from us, to be exact... What you see is the truth.

Minazuki: Really? By the way, what do you mean leagues away from us?

Satsuki: Well, this naval base is quite a unique place for us ship-girls. And most of us feels something for him to a point of admiration and sometimes, a point where someone can't live without him.

Minazuki: Then?

Satsuki: Well... The Admiral and Mikazuki were... lovers.

Minazuki: Really!?

Satsuki nodded and then picked up a piece of the pork cutlet.

Minazuki: I see... so Mikazuki has managed to win the Admiral's heart.

Satsuki then drinks a glass of water and answers Minazuki's inquiry

Satsuki: By the way, just to be clear, As far as I can remember... The Commander has around 7 lovers.

Minazuki: EH!?

Satsuki: Well, each circumstances is different but they all share a space inside the Commander's heart.

Minazuki: I see...

Satsuki: Anyways, They really are in good terms nowadays... well, Mikazuki is quite a jealous girl...

Minazuki: Yeah. I saw her how she scolds the Commander.

Satsuki: Anyways for as long as you don't flirt to him when she is not around, there should be no problems about that.

Before Minazuki can say her side, they were interrupted by the duo who was also the Sgt. at arms of the base.

Uzuki: I heard about something flirting with Onii-chan, I mean the Commander.

Yayoi: Indeed. Oh, is she a new face?

Satsuki: Yup. She is Minazuki.

Minazuki: I am Minazuki. Nice meeting you.

Uzuki: I am Uzuki and...

Yayoi: I am Yayoi. We are your fellow sisters of the Mutsuki-class Destroyers.

Minazuki: I see. Anyways, Uzuki-chan said Onii-chan... Is that...

Satsuki: Oh right. Uzuki, Yayoi; are you now legally adopted as the younger sisters of the Commander right?

Uzuki: Yup.

Yayoi: Indeed.

Satsuki: There you have it Minazuki, it seems that the good commander has already wished to take care of them.

Minazuki: I see... (I am quite envious there for a bit.)

Uzuki: Oh right. We are here on a patrol, any commotions?

Minazuki: Hmm... I see Mikazuki and Onii-san, I mean the Commander, quarreling. I think they are finished already.

Yayoi: Oh. Those two were like that. It's best if we stay away from those lovebirds.

Satsuki: See... Nothing for the two of them to do.

Minazuki: But I wonder... If I can...

Yayoi: I advise you to be out of this matters... not because Onii-chan has told us how scary Mikazuki-nee is... but it's because that is the only few times that they are quite together.

Minazuki: What do you mean?

Yayoi: Did you met Sazanami-san?

Minazuki: nope. I haven't met her at all...

Yayoi: Then, you will know better if you go to the office tomorrow.

Uzuki: Anyways, got to go now. We will have to take our lunch too.

Satsuki: Take care.

And the two went their way to the counter to order their lunch.



Satsuki looked at Minazuki who was still have a lot of questions hanging in her head.

Satsuki: Don't mind it at all... Sazanami-san is quite a person who is always with the Commander. I mean, they are the legitimate lovers here.

Minazuki: I see. I think I can relate on how much Mikazuki likes the Commander.

Satsuki: There is no helping it. After all, all we can do is to support her love.

And the two went to a state of silence...

Soon after, the two resumes eating and the two silently went to their own rooms.


==Meeting Arashi==

Arashi arrived at the naval base when the Operations team found her in one of their operations. She is currently inside the Admiral's office.

Arashi: Yo, I'm the 16th Kagerou-class Destroyer, Arashi! Commander, take care of me, 'kay! It's great 'ta meet 'ya!

Hiro: Nice to meet you. Anyways, what's with the masculine air you exhibit?

Arashi: Hmm... I guess I am just like that because I feel this way.

Hiro: I see... Anyways, I am glad you came to this base already.

Arashi: Why? What is the trouble if I don't arrive Commander?

Hiro: Well, a certain person who is always on the look for you is having these dangerous tendencies already. I feel like her instability might destroy herself.

Arashi: I see... is Hagi like that when I am not around?

Hiro: Yup. From time to time, I check on her state and it seems that she really keeps on holding on until you arrive.

Arashi: I see. Well then, I must go at Hagi's side then.

Hiro: Please do. Anyways, welcome to the humble naval base.

Arashi: You are welcome.

Arashi bows her head and she exits the office and from there Maikaze who was waiting for Arashi escorted her to Hagikaze's room

As the two walks towards Hagikaze's room, the two had a random chit-chat.

Maikaze: So, how is the admiral?

Arashi: I really can't gauge him. He looked so unreliable.

Maikaze: Well, I guess you are one of those few people who sees him like that.

Arashi: What do you mean, Maikaze?

Maikaze: well... How do I say it, I guess I can say that you are unaffected by his charm... well, not that I am judging you already.

Arashi: I see... Do you like the Commander?

Maikaze: Well... I am already loved...

Arashi: Congratulations. Anyways, how does it feel?

Maikaze: Well... I feel so happy, being in-love with him makes me want to dance non-stop.

Arashi: Ah. I wonder if I can feel like that.

Maikaze: Please don't take the Admiral away from me.

Arashi: Of course I will not do that. I mean... I mean...

Maikaze: Hmm?

Arashi's face was flushed red at this moment.

Maikaze: Well then, we are here already. Just knock at the door and everything will be alright. Anyways, I have to go now.

Arashi: Wait. Maikaze, don't leave me here.

Maikaze: Sadly, the Admiral will be coming at the dance studio soon and I have to be there when that happens.

Maikaze hops as she went towards her destination.

Meanwhile, Arashi was left behind looking at the door with a nametag on its face.

[Hagikaze and Arashi]

Arashi looked for any signs of life around her and checked every nook and cranny of the hall to see if someone is spying on her. After confirming that entering Hagikaze's room is safe, she knocked the door and after she speaks to the owner of the room.

Soon after, the door opens and Arashi enters the room to where Hagikaze waits.


==Arashi and Hagikaze: A couple for a lifetime==

Arashi enters the room and she found Hagikaze lying on her bed. Arashi sits on Hagikaze's side. She touched her hair and she gently caresses Hagikaze's long wavy hair.

"Arashi..."

"Hagi, I am home."

"Mmm..."

"Hagi, I heard everything from the commander. I am sorry if I came in late"

"No need to worry. The Commander has taken responsibility of that."

"I see..."

"..."

And the two feel silent as they can't find their words to say.

The two silently pass time as they feel one another and as to understand the silence that surrounds them. Soon, the silence broke when Hagikaze held Arashi's hand.

Then, the awkwardness disappears between the two.

Arashi looked at Hagikaze and Hagikaze looks at Arashi.

Soon, the two try to find words once more in order for the other not to get bored.

"Uhmm..."<br />"Listen..."

"Hagi, you can start..."

"No Arashi, you can start."

"I understand. I will honor your decision Hagi."

"Okay."

"Anyways Hagi, You see... I finding you beautiful despite your miserable look as of this moment. I wish you can smile a bit more. I am here, so it's fine already. No need for you to fear the dark."

"Thanks Arashi."

"Anyways, Hagi. Listen... You see... I am somewhat attracted to you... Are you... WHA!!!"

Hagikaze embraces Arashi and Arashi finally loses her words to say on Hagikaze. Hagikaze then whispers on Arashi's ear.

"Arashi, thank you. And you know what... I feel this way too... Arashi, I know that we might be committing a sin if we do this, but if I am with you... I feel that everything will be alright. Arashi, I like you too... And I am fine if we becoming lovers."

And soon, Arashi smiles after Hagikaze's confession to her. And after that, Arashi drops her hesitations down and say what her heart feels for her.

"Hagi... I like you too, I want you to become my girl. Will you be my girl?"

"Yes Arashi."

And then... the distance between them shrinks until the distance is negligible at this point of time.

To Hagikaze, Arashi's arrival meant that her days in the darkness are finally over and that the storm that will push the darkness away. For Hagikaze, Arashi becomes a foundation of her moving on, moving on towards the new world... because Arashi is her fire and the storm that will blow all the fortune that will came to her life.

To Arashi, Hagikaze is her shelter that will keep her warm when she gets cold. To Arashi, Hagikaze is her connection to her world that is somehow unforgiving to them... Because Hagikaze is the spring that blows life to her.

These two were an unusual couple, a girl who is afraid of the night and a girl who acts manly. The two will see the world unfolds as they walk hand-in-hand.

"Anyways, shall we seal this agreement Arashi?"

"What kind of a seal?"

"A seal full of love... a kiss."

"But... I don't know if the people around us will accept..."

"Don't worry, I'll be here for you when the world turns into our enemy."

"I see... then, I shall drive them all away... since I am your knight."

"So Arashi, shall we do it?"

"I guess you won this time Hagi."

And the two sealed their deal with a kiss... and they do more than just that.



Outside of their room, Nowaki witness everything that happened between the two and she fled after the two commit the 'act'. Only Nowaki is knows the truth that happened in that night.


==Warspite==

Warspite arrive the naval base and she greeted the Admiral who was waiting for the fleet's arrival.

''[Disclaimer: The following dialogue is spoken in straight English]''

Warspite: So you are the Admiral?

Hiro: Yup. I am the Admiral of this base. I am basically your Commanding officer.

Warspite: Understood. Anyways, is it true that you are quite an established commander?

Hiro: Well, I am quite capable... but I am not one of those people who does a lot of rank battles.

Warspite: So it means that you are just cooling around.

Hiro: No. Rather, I have other work to prioritize than to rank and to pit against one another. Also, I do not have enough resources to do such operations.

Warspite: I see... Anyways, Kongou is here right?

Hiro: Yup. Anyways, you will meet her in the party.

Warspite: Okay.

Hiro: Say, do you remember the names of Pola and Zara?

Warspite: ...

Hiro: Hmm? (She must be trying to remember things)

Warspite: I can't. Sorry to let you down.

Hiro: I see... well, this is too perfect then.

Warspite: What do you mean?

Hiro: Then, you won't be burdened of the stigma.

Warspite: Stigma of what?

Hiro: The stigma of being guilty.

Warspite: and what does it do to me if I do have that?

Hiro: If you carry a stigma, you would make friends on them based on the guilt you feel inside as you were involved with them in an inexistent war.

Warspite: I see...

Hiro: Anyways, Welcome to the Raven Base. Hope your stay would be a fruitful one.

The two offer one another a handshake as a sign of acceptance.


==Meeting with Kongou==

Kongou who was eating at that moment was greeted by Warspite.

Warspite: Kongou.

Kongou: Oh! It's Warspite!

Warspite: What is with your get-up?

Kongou: Right, this is my dress when I became a member of IJN.

Warspite: I see... hmm... those clothes looked good on you. Mind if I try it too?

Kongou: Hmm... Alright anyways, Nagato... can you bring her a Kongou-class uniform to her too?

Nagato who was mingling with the destroyers (Nagato being Nagamon) heard Kongou's call and she immediately rushed out of the room and brought a Kongou-class uniform.

Nagato: So this is Warspite. I am Nagato, nice meeting you.

Warspite: I am Battleship Warspite. Nice meeting you too.

Nagato: As usual, your English is quite something to listen. Asides from you, the only good English speaker I can remember is the Admiral.

Warspite: I did have a discussion with him a while ago.

Nagato: I see. Anyways, here is the clothes. Please try it.

Warspite took the said clothes and went to the dressing room and she put it on.



Kongou who was waiting for her, saw Warspite as she exits the dressing room.

Kongou: OH!

Warspite: This is quite different. While it's something that I can wear when I am here, I doubt the Admiral can call me to sortie when I wear these kind of clothes. Asides, there are parts of the clothes that is somehow... revealing.

Kongou: Indeed. Anyways, so is it up to your taste?

Warspite: Yup. I'll take it.

Kongou: Anyways...

Then Iowa came and she showed a shock face when she saw Warspite.

Iowa: Kongou. Wait, who was she?

Kongou: Right, she is the newest foreigner in this base, she is the British Battleship Warspite, and we quite knew one another. And somewhat an acquaintance.

Warspite: Nice meeting you.

Iowa then grabbed Kongou's arm.

Kongou: Iowa?

Iowa: I won't give Kongou to you!

Kongou: Wait. I am not your property.

Warspite: Interesting. Is this what they called 'Yuri'?

Kongou: Wait. We are not like that!

Warspite: If you excuse me. I might be disturbing your good time with Ms. Iowa.

Kongou: Wait. Please don't think it that way!!!

And so, Warspite walked towards the venue while wearing the Kongou-class uniform.


==Takanami Extra==

Takanami arrived at the naval base after the fleet found her during one of their farm runs for I-26.

Takanami: I'm the 6th of the Yuugumo-class destroyers, Takanami. E-ehm, I will do my best! Really, probably!

Hiro: Probably? Why are you not certain?

Takanami: Umm...

Hiro: ?

Takanami: Well... Destroyers like us are weak to begin with. Unless it's Naganami-neesama, who I respect a lot... But I believe that...

Hiro: But I have my respects to every destroyer in my base, will you still be this quite shy?

Takanami: Sorry Commander! I will never ever doubt myself.

Hiro: Good. Honestly... I was surprised when I got you... Because I am aiming for a different ship altogether.

Takanami: Sorry a lot, if it wasn't for me you would have gotten her today.

Hiro: wait Takanami. You are not at fault for that. Well... I just don't know what to do in these situations...

Takanami: Like what?

Hiro: Well, you came at the moment where I don't really expect you to come.

Takanami: I see... Sorry for being a burden to you.

Hiro: But, now that you are here... I am also glad.

Takanami: Really?

Hiro: Yup. I have to thank these moments since they come once in a while. So Takanami, once again... Welcome to this base.

Takanami: Thanks.

Hiro: Anyways...

The door suddenly opens and Kazagumo looks at the Admiral.

Kazagumo: Admiral, I heard that you are...

Hiro: Wait! Kazagumo, I am not doing anything to Takanami.

Kazagumo: But Akigumo said to me that you are pinning her down already.

Hiro: wait Kazagumo, do I look like that bad to you?

Kazagumo: Yes you are. But I still love you despite being like that. Anyways, sorry for coming here on a bad rumor. If you excuse me... I have to capture Akigumo.

Hiro: Alright.

Kazagumo exits the office.

Takanami was shocked because of some developments.

Takanami: Is that Kazagumo-san?

Hiro: yup. Anyways, were you startled?

Takanami: Yes. Anyways, are you really that bad?

Hiro: Well, it depends on the people involved... of course I am kind to those who are kind to me... and I am a bad when they are bad to me.

Takanami: I see... If you excuse me...

Takanami exits the office and she immediately went to her room


==I-26==

I-26 arrived at the naval base after the Farming team managed to fish her after 4 days of finding her.

Nimu: Hey! Hey! Hey! So you're the Admiral! I am Submarine I-26! You can call me Nimu! Please take care of me!

Hiro: Alright. From here on, please be the flagship of the new Orel Team

Nimu: Orel?

Hiro: Yeah.

Then, Shioi enters the room and she overheard the conversation for a bit.

Shioi: Admiral, please don't haze the newbie already.

Hiro: Damn. I guess I got busted this early?

Nimu: What is Orel?

Shioi: It's a codename for the resource collection operations that we subs can only do.

Nimu: ?

Shioi: it's an operation that makes us farm fuel at the cost of our sanity.

Nimu: eh?

The first batch of Orel Goers are all graduated, and they all had a hard time doing those runs.

Nimu: I see... Anyways, if I do great... Can the Admiral notice me?

Shioi: ...

Hiro: Interesting...

Sazanami: It's not interesting at all Master.

Sazanami who enters the room also overhears the conversation.

Hiro: Oh...

Sazanami: Master, I believe that you are unjustly sending our new ships into the fire line as of the moment. Please level her a bit before letting her go to collect resources.

Hiro: Right. Nimu, please join the naval exercises for a bit and after that, you can resume the fuel collection.

Nimu: Roger.

Hiro: Shioi, Please teach her properly.

Shioi: Well, I was going to do that anyways. We better go then.

And the two submarines left the office.



As soon as the door closes, the Admiral's nose bleeds.

Sazanami: Master, your nose.

Hiro: Thanks.

Sazanami offered the Admiral a box of tissues to plug the blood that drips from his nose.

Hiro: I can't believe there is someone as defenseless as her.

Sazanami: And I believe that you might have done something awful if I didn't arrive at the right time.

Hiro: true... those legs, thighs, and her body line... ehehehe...

Sazanami: Master, you are being a pervert again.

Hiro: Sorry... It's been a while since I visited them...

Sazanami: Anyways Master, shall we eat then?

Hiro: Alright. I guess we can proceed in getting our own Prinz.

Sazanami: Alright.

And the two went out and they ate their lunch together.


==Nimu and xxx==

Nimu: Hmm... Anyways, what are those?

xxx: They are valuable items found here and circulated underground.

Nimu: But they are just pictures of the Admiral. (Though I want some of them.)

xxx: Indeed. Have you wonder if you ever want to be with the Admiral?

Nimu: Well... he is quite nice, He has that devious side to him, but I can handle that, after all Iku-nee loves him too...

xxx: I see...

Nimu currently having a conversation to a girl wearing a black cloak all over her body to cover herself.

xxx: Let's see... Do you want to... do those things when that time comes?

Nimu: I wonder... but if he ever initiated them... I guess I will give my body to him. He is a guy and my Admiral, if he orders me to give my life and body to him, I will abide him.

xxx: ...

Nimu: Anyways, your voice sounded so familiar... But I can't recall who you are. I guess we haven't met at all.

xxx: It's best if you don't dig any further-nano. Ah...

Nimu: ...

The girl turned her back but Nimu grabbed the cloak and she unveiled the mysterious character behind.

She is currently wearing a white one-piece dress that emphasizes her natural curves.

Nimu: So Iku-nee, are you trying to sell the Admiral to me?

Iku: well... Since We both like him... I guess we can share some resources to one another.

Nimu: Hmm... What is the deal then?

Iku: You and I will work hand in hand to seduce him... Well, it's our forte anyways and I heard from Akigumo that the Admiral had a nosebleed after seeing you. It's been a while since he is like that.

Nimu: I see... It's a deal then!

Iku: Alright.

Iku #2: You two, what are you doing?

Later that day, Nimu and the two Ikus has formed a pack to seduce the Admiral at their best methods ever.


==Prinz's notes==

'''''Dear Bismarck-neesama,

I have been assigned to a naval base to a different region which is far from our fatherland. It was said that the base is quite infamous to its way of raising ship-girls. I hope that the admiral is a nice guy, even though from the rumors... he is not nice.

When I met him for the first time, he is quite a different person from what my sources has told me... I guess people do make mistakes from time to time. All I see is a guy who is not sitting properly and was slouching a bit while doing his job.

Then, He stood up and made a handshake with me. From there, He welcomed me to the fleet and he also introduced me to his secretary.

His Secretary is a responsible girl and knows a lot. She handled the matters of my transfer smoothly and efficiently while the Admiral did some of the work, but I felt that he hasn't made any impact at all... Bismarck-neesama, is this going to be my Commanding officer for the rest of my life? I wonder if he is the unreliable type.

Soon, a bunch of people came and the Admiral managed to talk with them with ease. It seems that he is quite a talker and he managed to flirt to those girls too despite his secretary was busy doing work. I asked her during that time and she said, it was quite normal. Honestly, I was surprised to hear that from her... I guess she might be just letting the admiral run wild.

Later, I was brought to my own room and was introduced to Samidare as the deputy-chief. She said that she is like the 3rd in command in the base.

I was given a tour inside the base and saw how nice the naval base is. It was impeccable and fully decorated. It might be said that the Admiral is quite good of a person too... I hope.

Samidare told me stories inside the base like how the Admiral used to be someone who is not quite good at commanding at all... And there were times when the base was in a state of civil war. Honestly, I felt that there's something weird in this base. Anyways, Samidare told me that it all changed because of one of his bad experience.

Later that night, I was surprised to see the Admiral cooked dinner for all of us. A lot of people were excited about this moment and they are all in the mess hall when the Admiral served the food he made. It was something... I wonder what this food is anyways.

Late that night, I went to bed and I tried to sleep... But I can't avail... it seems that I still can't get used to the lifestyle of this naval base. Somehow, it feels so laid back most of the times... But from what I heard from Samidare and Sazanami, when you are in the elite team, every day is a battle.

Anyways, I dressed up a bit and changed my lingerie into my civilian clothes and went on a night stroll. At first, it was quite noisy since the Ninja was too loud about the night itself. But a few minutes later, her voice vanishes into the shadows.

I walked a bit and saw the Admiral and Sazanami were still doing their work... I guess he really don't show to us that he is a hardworking person by heart. And so, I continued taking a stroll.

Sooner, I meet two girls who managed to blend into the darkness. It seems that they are quite surprised to see me walking around. They told me to go back to where I came from since the area is restricted for most of us.

I passed the Office once again and I saw the Admiral and Sazanami... [Omitted due to secrecy], I never thought that they are in that kind of relationship.

Soon, I found myself lost into the sea of darkness...

...<br />...<br />...<br />...<br />...<br />...

And I woke up the next day, and I found myself lying in my own bed.

Bismarck-neesama, I wonder what happened to me last night....

Well, another day has started for me.'''''


<p style="text-align: center;">|---|</p>


===What happened to Prinz last night?===


Mikazuki went to where Prinz collapsed last night.

Mikazuki: So our new friend has collapsed.

Akitsumaru who was with her looked around the surroundings.

Akitsumaru: I guess the Admiral didn't do anything at all...

Mikazuki: It's obvious. He is currently having a steamy night with Sazanami-san.

Akitsumaru: oh my? Are you jealous?

Mikazuki: Yup. But I know that it can't be helped... Hiro-san really likes Sazanami...

Akitsumaru: anyways, who could have done that to Prinz?

Mikazuki: I guess the idiot ninja did it. Well, knowing her...

Soon, shurikens comes from every direction but the two managed to repel them all.

Sendai emerges from the shadows.

Sendai: Looks like I didn't know we have a new face starting tonight.

Mikazuki: Obviously, you are still asleep when she arrived. I wonder how do you do your expeditions?

Sendai: I used my shadow clone to do the expeditions.

Akitsumaru: Figures...

Mikazuki: Anyways, Can you help us carry her to her room?

Sendai: Alright. By the way, let me dispel that illusion that got her. [Dispel]

Soon, the dark halls illuminated by the full moon.

Mikazuki: Thanks Sendai-san.

Sendai: I can't really say no to the shadow lady, after all... you did beat me at my best.

Mikazuki: Alright.

Sendai: But aren't you going to stop those lovebirds from doing their 'night battles'?

Mikazuki: I am the moon that shines on him... Sazanami has been designated as his sun.

Sendai: How sad...

Mikazuki: Anyways, let’s carry her. Can you cast a good dream spell on her?

Sendai: I did already.

Akitsumaru: Alright... enough with the talking. Let's move her now before the Admiral can see us here.

Sendai: Right.

And the three carried Prinz Eugen to her room and they placed her to the bed and cover her up properly.

The three went on different ways after that.


==The future ahead==

Samidare, Sazanami and the Admiral were currently eating their breakfast in the mess hall in the day they have no operations. The mess hall is currently contains few people who eat together with the ones they are with.

Hiro: Anyways, I guess the operations will come to a close soon.

Sazanami: Indeed master.

Samidare: Anyways, do you still have something to do right?

Hiro: Yup. I hope I can get Aquila before the Operation ends.

Sazanami: Master, it seems that you look quite contented this time around. Is that because of Nimu?

Samidare: Wait. Is that true Admiral?

Hiro: Well... Nimu is quite nice and energetic. But don't get me wrong. I was only praising the Orel team for doing a great job in getting fuel for the team.

Sazanami: Indeed. Anyways, isn't it rare for us not to be in work at this time of the day?

Hiro: Well, wind speeds are quite bad... I guess we need to wait for the typhoon to pass.

Nowaki who was just passing by heard the story.

Nowaki: What do you mean with waiting for me to pass by?

Hiro: Wait, I think I used a wrong word here. Nowaki, I said typhoon... I guess you heard me wrong.

Nowaki: I see... I thought you were waiting for me to pass until... oh right, Commander, can I speak something to you in private?

Hiro: if it's something personal... Please don't say it while I am with these two... they are quite scary after all when they are in their Yandere modes.

Nowaki: No... It’s not that personal that I have to bare my... what am I saying to you?

Hiro: Aren't you destroying yourself?

Nowaki: Ehem... I guess I can say to you that H and A are quite too chummy with one another.

Hiro: I know that already.

Nowaki: Eh!? But how?

Sazanami: Better not ask master about his source.

Samidare: Indeed... you will be drawn into the world of darkness.

Nowaki sensed the danger surrounding the truth behind the Admiral's knowledge on the blossoming relationship between H and A inside the base.

Nowaki: Okay. I will not pursue this matters anymore. But Commander, should they continue that?

Hiro: Well, I have one policy regarding to that... for as long as I don't get involved in that matter... It's safe.

Nowaki: Figures...

Nowaki takes her leave and the three resume eating their breakfast.

Samidare: So the two were already like that?

Hiro: Yup. Based on voice logs we recorded last time, they are in that situation already.

Sazanami: Well, it's out of our jurisdiction to halt their progress unless the neighbors complain.

Samidare: And we will intervene if things gone badly.

Hiro: Right. Anyways, I will continue my duty with the nght-watch, what are your plans?

Sazanami: I will bully your little sisters.

Samidare: My job really don't take a break anyways. If there is trouble, come to me at my desk.

Hiro: Alright. Right, why do you bully Uzuki and Yayoi?

Sazanami: They are bothering me...

And the three resumes in eating their breakfast.
'''
- End.'''
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]