==Prologue:==
“Somehow, this scenery here isn’t bad at all…”<br />“Indeed. But you know; you tend to be quite sentimental at times like these. Did something happen in the Flower Garden?”<br />“Nothing much, I was just a bit ecstatic that someone strong joined our band of weaklings.”<br />“Weaklings… you don’t seem too confident yourself.”<br />“Well, we aren’t much of a major fighting force. But I’d love to become one someday. So yeah; I better pray that stronger people joined us so that we can do more missions and eat better food.”<br />“AND DRINK MORE BEER!!!”

Pola interrupted the conversation as she arrives with Zara.

“Admiral, the preparations are now complete.”<br />“Thank you, Zara. Sazanami, it’s time for us to go.”<br />“Yeah.”

As Zara and Pola made their exit, the two of us looked at one another as we recall many springs we have been together. And today, it’s a little bit different because there are more people than usual.

“Say Master, if we somehow make a breakthrough, what will happen to the future?”<br />“Well, I don’t know about that. But if we ever make a breakthrough; then it means that the future looks a bit brighter than what it was supposed to be.”

And with that, we walked out the room and went to where everyone is waiting. This year’s flower viewing is still the same, but with more new faces and even more memories to make.



==The Promise underneath the Cherry Blossom Tree==
“Samidare, can you come with me later?”<br />“Why Admiral?”<br />“I just want to have some small talk with you, if you don’t mind.”<br />“Well, I am not particularly busy but, aren’t you too busy right now?”<br />“Not really…”

Though I was indeed busy, those papers weren’t much of an urgency right now. Though I might have to deal with those on a later date, today won’t be that day so I think I’ll be fine.

“Samidare, will you come with me later?”<br />“Yes. I think we can have some talks for a while…”

And with that, we have both set up a time for the two of us to meet. Well, we can just do it now; but I do have my own reasons for that.

<p style="text-align: center;">'''|---|'''</p>

Samidare and I aren’t particularly at good footing right now, though it’s not that she truly hates me or I hate her, it’s more of her feeling undeserving of attention and me being unable to give the utmost love that I can give.

Anyhow, right now; I think it’s the best time for us to talk for a bit. It’s not because it’s spring or we both have enough time to make. But it’s because of a special occasion that is being celebrated at these times.

“Say Hiro-san, do you think that Samidare will come here?”<br />“Yes. I have known her for quite some time, also; it’s not yet time.”<br />“Why?”<br />“Simple. I did ask her to come in the evening. It’s still in the middle of the afternoon so…”<br />“Then why are you here then?”<br />“To talk to you too… Asides, I don’t have much anything to do at this point.”<br />“Even though you have important documents you need to finish?”<br />“That can come later. Anyways, Suzukaze; how are things faring on your end?”<br />“Well, Samidare is still the same, she keeps asking if this is alright, if you have found someone better etc.”<br />“Sounds like her.”<br />“Anyways, though I don’t have much to do too… I don’t want to stay here for longer, she might even feel that I am more deserving and such…”<br />“hahahah… I guess I have to talk her out of that.”<br />“Anyways, I’ll take my leave then. Hopefully, you can make her feel like a girl again.”<br />“Suzukaze, aren’t you a girl too?”

Suzukaze didn’t replied and takes her leave as she enters the building. In the end; I think I have been prying too much on her.

<p style="text-align: center;">'''|---|'''</p>

Evening came and Samidare arrived at the spot where I have asked her to come. Right now, she is wearing something else asides from her uniform.

“Hiro-san, sorry for the wait.”<br />“Don’t worry. It’s just a bit small place to talk but this is quite fine.”

Indeed, the mat I used is smaller than the usual, it meant that the distance between us is will be smaller too. Also, since it was quite a good setting; I truly intended to make full use of the night to make it look romantic.

“Samidare, you can sit beside me.”<br />“If you excuse me.”

Samidare sits beside me and though it was quite close, I can hear her breath as she arranges herself I her seat.

“Hiro-san, I am a busy person. What do you want from me?”<br />“Busy you say… hahahah, how busy could I be?”<br />“Well…”

Starting off with the wrong foot. I guess this is the common occurrence for us if we aren’t talking something serious.

“Anyways, Samidare; come closer to me.”<br />“eh?”<br />“I did say come closer.”<br />“Well…”

Instead of forcing her to come closer, I did the action and sit beside her as I let our shoulders touch one another.

“Anyways, Tonight is quite a night, isn’t it?”<br />“Indeed. Last year… it was quite peaceful but today; It’s a bit… busy.”<br />“Well, I guess that’s what happens if I am out for quite some time.”<br />“But then, it can’t be helped. It’s not like we are the only ones that needed your help.”<br />“Well, it has those ups and downs. It’s not really that rewarding but it’s quite something to look forward to.”<br />“I see… So, you like it there more than here.”<br />“Not really.”

Samidare’s face reddens as I answer her question. Even though I had a lot of invitations from all different kinds of parties that wanted my services. In the end; I want to get back and finish the most important task which I first tried to achieve. And that’s why I want to stay with them even longer.

Samidare rests her head onto my shoulder. For the first time, I felt that she wanted me to stay even though she herself didn’t know why.

“Samidare, do you want me to stay here for a while, or do you want me to stay here forever?”<br />“Forever if too much for me to ask for. But If possible, I want you to stay until you don’t want me anymore.”<br />“That… is something I don’t plan on doing. I can’t hate Samidare at all.”<br />“but… you’ll discard me long enough.”<br />“I can’t do that…”<br />“You’ll love someone else too…”<br />“And I still love you too…”<br />“And I’ll be left behind…”<br />“Then I shall take you.”<br />“!”<br />“All of your insecurities… I want you to forget them all… Though I am not the best person who can convince you to drop those things, I will try to make way to be sure that you’ll be fine no matter what happens. It’s my duty as your admiral afterall…”

Samidare nodded and she didn’t say a word as she rests her head on my shoulder. While the cool wind isn’t much a bother for us, for some reason; I felt that our bodies are slightly warmer than the usual.

“Hiro-san, I want to make sure that you’ll fulfill your promise so… kiss me. Kiss me like how you have kissed others that have come after me.”<br />“Then, I shall heed to your words.”

We faced one another and slowly, we reached out for our lips and a kiss was made between the two of us. Underneath the Cherry Blossom tree that serves as our witness for the promise I made with her. I don’t know if there are other people who have seen us but let us not pry into those matters anymore since it would be rude for them.

“Hiro-san, I feel like I want more.”<br />“Then, come with me. I can give you more…”<br />“Yeah…”

We stood up and I took the stuff that was used in this small talk we have. Soon, we headed towards the room that only a few people know. From there, we continued doing what we left behind.
==<br />The Spring without Xxx==
“I’m heading out…”

Those were the words she said as she heads out to the city. From my point of view, I thought that she would always have time to stay with me, but instead; she decided to go for that day.

<p style="text-align: center;">'''|---|'''</p>

“Hiro-san, please come with me today.”<br />“Later. I still have some work to do.”<br />“Is that so? Well then, let’s meet at that park. Also, bring some flowers too… Heliotropes if possible.”<br />“Alright.”

And so, Kanata went out on her on as she goes ahead of me.

<p style="text-align: center;">'''|---|'''</p>

After I have finished my work; I messaged Kanata that I’ll head out now. She replied immediately and she said that she is already at the meeting location.

“I guess the Heliotropes are a requirement.”

Soon, the delivery guy arrived while carrying a bouquet of heliotropes.

After that, I immediately headed out towards the park that we have agreed on.

<p style="text-align: center;">'''|---|'''</p>

As I arrived at the park, I saw Kanata waving at me. She was currently holding a bottle of sake for the celebration.

“Hiro-san, it’s time for us to head out.”<br />“Yeah.”

The sun is still high and we are headed out towards the place that I haven’t visited at all. Kanata said that it’s a place where I should also visit from time to time; I should always carry some heliotropes along the way.

As we reached the hill, I recall the path that I once took when I was young.

“Kanata, this path…”<br />“Rigth. This is the way indeed…”

Slowly, we arrived at the cemetery which was separated from the main one.

“Ah… This place. It the place where I met a ghost.”<br />“ghost?”<br />“Well, I really can’t explain it that well.”

Soon, we arrived at the gate and the guard let us in as he let us carry our stuff. It’s quite surprising that he didn’t confiscated the sake that Kanata brought.

“This place isn’t really as strict as the cemetery handled by the catholics.”<br />“Well, I think that’s because she never believed in God… but in any ways; she still believes in Him as she prayed for the safety of everyone back then.”

We soon arrived at the grave of a person whose name is already covered with dirt and vines.

“Sorry for the wait.”

Kanata took out her army knife and she started to cut the vines around it. She opened the bottle of sake and pours it around to clean the dirt that covered the name. And when the cleanup is done, the name is now visible on the grave.

“Here lies your grandmother, Ren H. Springfield.”<br />“I see… Grandma, I am home.”

I put down the Heliotropes and prayed to her as Kanata pours the sake onto the plastic cups and places it besides the tomb stone. For a while; It makes me wonder what kind of person my grandma is, but given the testimonies of both my grandpa and my mother, my grandma isn’t really the best mother out there… but she is strong enough to hold onto her own when times requires it.

Soon, we heard footsteps approaching us. As we looked back, we saw a familiar person who was also here to visit the grave of grandma.

“I see that Kanata has found her too… Did you bring Hiro here too?”<br />“Yes Uncle.”

The one who arrived after us is no other than Haru Springfield. He is currently carrying a bouquet of heliotropes too.

“It’s quite surprising to see someone else here. But I am sure Ren will be glad if she can meet you right now.”<br />“I would be scared though…”

Indeed, it would be scary if the dead came back to life just to greet me. Anyways, Kanata and I decided to leave Grandpa behind since he’ll need some time to talk to her too. Anyhow, I also want to take Kanata somewhere too since I think she looks forward to this day.

“Kanata, let’s go somewhere else then.”<br />“Roger.”

After that, we bid farewell to Grandpa and we decided to head out somewhere else, while Kanata and I are walking, we are holding our hands and slowly explore the world that is truly unfolding right in front of us.



==Kanata and the Afternoon breeze==
After we visited my grandmother’s grave, Kanata and I walked towards the hill to where an array of cherry blossom trees had all lined us as if it was welcoming us.

“I saw this last year. Anyways, what can you say?”

Kanata who was still speechless can’t believe to what she saw. It was something that can be called a portrait that come to life is now something that she sees right ahead.

“Hiro-san, why are you so good at this?”<br />“I really don’t know what you mean but, it’s beautiful, right?”<br />“Yes. I love it.”

Kanata soon runs down the slope as she started running downhill, unlike normal people; Kanata runs fast that she is already down there a few moments after. I guess she didn’t removed her boilers at all.

After that, I caught up with her as I arrived at the foot of the hill. Unlike the view from the top. The view from here is 10 times better and since it’s just the start of the tree’s blooming, the whole scenery looks as majestic as ever.

“Hiro-san, here!!!”<br />“Right.”

And I went to where Kanata was standing.

While wearing her pink Spring clothes, it looked like Kanata would be drowned out from the scenery as she blends well with the Cherry blossoms. Even so, I can’t help but to admire Kanata as she slowly blends well with nature.

“You know Hiro-san, I wonder if you are tricking me or something since these clothes makes me blend with the surroundings.”<br />“Well, It’s just part of my plan.”<br />“Of what!?”<br />“Devouring you while not being seen by everyone.”<br />“…”<br />“Just kidding. Anyways…”

I went to where Kanata is and soon, I removed some of the Cherry blossoms that fall over her head. While she doesn’t look like she hated it, in fact; she wanted me to move closer to where she is.

“Hiro-san, thanks for this wonderful scenery.”<br />“You’re welcome. Though you better said that to the locals who worked hard for it.”<br />“right.”

Anyways, as the sun slowly sets, we realized that it’s time for us to go home. And with that… Kanata grabs my arm and she slowly moves her body next to mine.

“Hiro-san, we can take this slowly, since it’s our time tonight.”<br />“Hmm...”<br />“C’mon now, I am a bit ashamed that I am saying these right now.”<br />“Right. Kanata, let’s go then…”

With Kanata holding my hand, we walked back towards the base and we spend the night alone to where no one else can disturb us for the night.



==Yayoi’s date==
Yayoi enters the office while she was being dragged by Uzuki.

“It’s unfair-pyon!”<br />“What’s unfair there?”<br />“Why does Yayoi get clothes why I don’t?”<br />“Aren’t you cute already in all kinds of clothing?”<br />“That’s true but… I don’t want to be left behind!”<br />“Listen Uzuki, I have no idea what’s the reason but… I think HQ people are filled with weirdos.”<br />“Why?”<br />“Because, they were expecting Yayoi to smile for them, but in reality…”

Uzuki and I looked at Yayoi and her embarrassment was shown on her face as she hides behind the curtain.

“So embarrassing. Wait, why are you two looking at me?”

Soon, Uzuki and I looked at one another and we both had agreed that Yayoi looked cute.

“Anyways Commander… Since Yayoi is dressed like that, why not you two go on a date?”<br />“Uzuki, first of all; siblings don’t go for a date.”<br />“Think of her as your wife then.”<br />“IMPOSSIBLE!”

Uzuki smiled as her expression tells me that she won’t stop until I say yes. For some reason, this little sister of mine is very aggressive at this point that she won’t take no for an answer… Even so…

“Uzuki, why are you telling me to have a date with Yayoi? Also, why are you saying that in her place?”<br />“Of course, Yayoi might not look like it, but she really enjoys your company. But since her expression still as stiff as ever… I doubt she has the courage to say that to you.”

Looking at Yayoi, she hid her face as she can’t face me properly. I guess it’s something about confidence issues all along.

“Uzuki, if I go out with Yayoi, will that improve her?”<br />“Maybe…”<br />“Hey…”<br />“Listen, it’s not that I really do know the reason of her being so stiff but… Let’s think it of this way, when a girl shows you’re her new clothes; wouldn’t be appropriate to take her somewhere so that she can enjoy her clothes?”

Even though Uzuki’s words are somewhat serious; I can’t help but feel strange since it’s Uzuki I am talking about and her antics were one of the reasons why the Mutsuki class Destroyers were a bunch of pranksters.

“Fine. Yayoi, let’s go somewhere tomorrow. Is that fine with you?”

Soon, Yayoi shows her face and nodded as her reddened face expresses how happy she was. Then I looked at Uzuki and she showed me a wide grin telling me that she has planned these all along. That girl, I wonder how she managed to create such elaborate plan by herself?

<p style="text-align: center;">'''|---|'''</p>

The next day, Yayoi and I went to the city to walk around. I did ask Uzuki to come and join us but…

“Sorry. I can’t go out right now. It seems Jintsuu-san will kill me if I also go.”

I wonder, if she said that because it’s true or she just made Jintsuu mad again.

“That Uzuki, leaving me behind…”<br />“Is there a problem, Yayoi?”<br />“Nothing…”

In short, Uzuki made an excuse not to join us. What was she planning anyways?

<p style="text-align: center;">'''|---|'''</p>

As we arrived at the city, Yayoi tugged my sleeve and moves closer to me as if she was wanting to be at my side.

“Yayoi, are you scared?”<br />“Not really… I just don’t want to be separated from you.”<br />“I see…”

Even though we are both passive in terms of communication; somehow; we are at peace as we silently walk around. Soon, we arrived at the front of a clothing store when a saleslady stopped in front of us.

“How cute!!! Is she your girlfriend?”<br />“No, she is my…”

Yayoi tugged my sleeve telling me not to say anything. Anyhow, why does it feel that Yayoi don’t want me to tell them that we are siblings.

“No, he is my boyfriend…”<br />“I knew it. You two are quite compatible and… Hello Cops.”<br />“Hey!!!”<br />“Just kidding. Anyhow, you want to try some clothes inside?”

Yayoi looks at me and for some reason, she wanted to try it and thus, I gave her the go signal to go inside. Anyhow; for some reason; the rest of the store crew wanted me to go to jail with the looks from their eyes.

An hour later, Yayoi purchased the clothes she was recommended too. Of course, she didn’t forget to buy some for Uzuki too. Of course, I tried to pay them with my money but Yayoi insisted that she will pay for the clothes she bought and somehow, she and Uzuki had enough money for them to fool around for the rest of their lives.

“Yayoi, that money? Where did it came from?”<br />“Oh. We got it from mother. And, that old man who was with her.”<br />“Oh, you mean Grandpa.”<br />“Grandfather?”

Yayoi was shocked when I did say that I had a grandpa, afterall; not too long ago that I have learn of his existence.

“Anyways, Yayoi; why did you stopped me from saying that we are siblings. I mean, aren’t we siblings all these times?”<br />“Yes. But… today, I want you to think of me outside of being a sibling.”

For some reason, it sounded an alarm inside of me telling me to back off to any kind of danger Yayoi’s words might contain.

“Yayoi… It might not be right time for you to say…”<br />“Listen to me, Hiro. I am doing my best to speak this much but… Are you going to ignore my thoughts? Are you going to not listen to my words? Are you not going to understand me at all?”<br />“That’s…”<br />“Uzuki told me, that even though you are always there for us, it always felt that you can’t openly love us unlike them…”<br />“…”<br />“That’s why, for today; I want you to drop those formalities… even if we are siblings; we are used to be strangers too…”<br />Yayoi went ahead as she walks away from me, for some reason; even though I can turn the whole argument around; it doesn’t even feel right for me to make Yayoi cry. I was frozen to where I am standing now.

Soon, a voice of a sweet girl ring to my ear as she stood behind my shadow.

“It seems that Hiro-san is troubled over Yayoi’s words.”<br />“Mikazuki…”<br />“Yes. Your beloved Mikazuki is here too… though only on a shadow. I don’t know what happened; but when you unconsciously looking for help; I just came here all along.”<br />“I see… So, what can you tell me then?”<br />“Let’s see… Hiro-san, if someone tells you that they love you; you would normally ask them why, right?”<br />“Yes.”<br />“In Yayoi’s case; you didn’t even give her the room to explain at all…”<br />“Ah…”<br />“You must have been thinking something, right? You two are siblings, thus there is a limit to where you communicate and such, or how close you should be or any other things that is possible. Afterall, Hiro-san tends to overthink things through.”<br />“I see… Mikazuki, what should I do then?”<br />“Hmm… for starters, listen to Yayoi. She badly needs your approval. Also, if she wanted your relationship to improve… open yourself up a little bit. Not many people can understand you as much as I do, or Sazanami-san does or Kinugasa-san would be. But by opening yourself up to others; they would understand you too… even for a bit.”<br />“I see…”<br />“Well then, I’ll go back then.”<br />“You’re going?”<br />“This isn’t my main body all this time. Anyways; I can’t interfere much on your family problems since you have to solve that yourselves.”

Soon, the shadow behind me returns to normal as if something magical has happened, when I looked at the time; there was still time for me to catch up to Yayoi who ran away from me.

<p style="text-align: center;">'''|---|'''</p>

As I run aimlessly, I noticed Yayoi sitting at the bench near the amusement park. For some reason, she was in a bad mood.

“Yayoi.”<br />“Hiro, let me ask you a bit.”<br />“What is it?”<br />“I felt that Mikazuki is around, is she with you?”<br />“Nope. She returned home…”<br />“Is that so… Anyways, call me Yaya from this point.”<br />“Why?”<br />“I want to be someone else outside too…”<br />“Right. Yaya… What do you want to say to me this time? I’ll listen to your selfish desires…”<br />“I want you to…”

Yayoi pointed her finger towards the Ferris Wheel that is seen in the area.

After that, Yayoi and I went to the Ferris Wheel and they let us in. For some reason, Yayoi wanted to say something to me but she is unable to say it…

As we reached the top, the Ferris Wheel then stops moving and when I looked around, the other passengers were a bit on a panic. However…

“Hiro, can you listen to me now?”<br />“Yes. I won’t be going anywhere at this point.”<br />“I see… then, I got to thank the operator for that. Even though I think he’ll get fired due to this; I am thankful for him.”<br />“Hey now…”<br />“Anyways, Hiro; I always feel that I am deeply indebted to you. And when the time you took us in under your care; Uzuki and I can’t thank you enough for giving us a place to stay. Not only that; you made us your little sisters too. Which is far too much for us… But, even though I am happy for being your sister… I am a bit conflicted about that…”<br />“Why? Is there something wrong with being my little sister?”<br />“There’s no problem with that… however; I felt cheated…”

Yayoi’s eyes started to tear up as she can’t contain them all. Right now, I started to see why Mikazuki is concerned too…

“Hiro… onii-chan, you are so unfair. Why didn’t you asked for my consent before you made me your little sister? Why? Why did you have to kill my feelings for you?”

As Yayoi said those words to me, the world in my eyes grew gray as everything around me started losing color. Was I wrong? Did I make a wrong decision all these times? Did I fail as their caretaker? All of these… was I wrong?

Soon, Yayoi hugged me tight, for some reason; the color started to return around me and slowly, I finally see the Yayoi that went beyond the formalities that I attached to her.

“I see… Yayoi has always loved me… even before those things happened.”<br />“Yes. I have loved you ever since you saved us… I have always wanted to stay at your side since then. Uzuki feels the same way too… but she has already accepted the fact that we are only your sisters.”<br />“I see… I have made a mistake.”<br />“I understand now why Uzuki told me to treat you like my wife… that Uzuki, she really is quite something.”<br />“she is indeed good with her words. Anyways, I know it’s a bit late for me to say this but… Hiro-nii... I love you, more than just a little sister can give.”

With those words, the Ferris wheel started to turn. It seems that the time allotted for the stop has already finished. I do pray that this will…

“Hiro-nii, what’s your reply?”<br />“Yayoi…. No, Yaya… I love you too. But, all I can give you is the love that a brother can give to his sister.”

With that, the crisis we are in has finally ended.

<p style="text-align: center;">'''|---|'''</p>

After the Ferris wheel, Yayoi and I tried other rides too and surely, Yayoi’s smile burned into my memory. Then, before we knew it; the sun has started to set.

“Anyhow; it’s time for us to return to our old selves then.”<br />“I see… It’s already late.”<br />“Yeah. Thank you, Nii-san.”

Soon, Yayoi move closer to my side as she held my hand. For some reason; I felt that Yayoi didn’t want things to end at this point; but given that reality is such a cruel game… I felt powerless as things are about to end before the good end can even begin.

But, as if fate has other plans for me, Yayoi looked at me and we saw one another eye to eye. In that instant, I saw something in the past...

“Hiro-nii, thank you for listening to my selfish desires. Anyways, this will be the last time that I’ll be pestering you so…”<br />“Yayoi…”

I brought Yayoi closer to me. Yayoi’s face looked surprised as she can’t believe what is happening at this moment.

“Yayoi, sorry for ruining your life… if I was a bit sensitive…”<br />“It can’t be helped… Anyhow; I am okay so please…”

Tears started to fall from Yayoi’s eyes.<br />“…Please, be happy… Hiro-nii.”

After that, I let go of Yayoi and gave her my handkerchief. I don’t want many questions after I arrive at base. And thus, after drying Yayoi’s eyes we head back home to where everyone awaits our arrival.

<p style="text-align: center;">'''|---|'''</p>

“Eh, you are no fun Commander.”

Uzuki said as I drink hot chocolate with her, according to Uzuki, she planned everything but what she didn’t anticipated was Yayoi’s willingness to participate.

“Anyways, I guess I owe you some answers too Uzuki.”<br />“Nah, don’t sweat it. I have already understood that we are only as best as your siblings. Yayoi is just too stubborn to accept the reality.”<br />“I see… So, what’s your heart’s desire then?”

Uzuki looks around and after confirming that no one else was around, she stood up and sat on my lap as she looks at me.

“You know, you can have me as your bride if you were a bit sensitive, but Alas; your heart already has someone else, right?”<br />“yeah…”<br />“Then, there’s nothing much I can do at this point, right?”<br />“yeah.”<br />“Also, You like Sazanami-san; right?”<br />“yeah.”<br />“Very well…”

Uzuki gets off from my lap and returns to her seat. After that, her face was all red due to the fact that she did something that was out of her natural character.<br />“Anyways; I’ll take my leave then Uzuki. Take care then.”<br />“Yeah. Take care too…”

With that; my time with Uzuki has already ended. Of course, I have delivered all the clothes to Uzuki too thus she might ask me for a date of something sometime in the future. I might not be able to fully solve the troubles we have since it has something to do with their feelings that have not been released at all. Well, all in all… I guess this is enough for me say that things will be fine in the end.

As I lie down on my bed. I gently close my eyes and finally made myself some sleep. With this… the night is over for me.

<p style="text-align: center;">'''|---|'''</p>

2 shadows entered a certain room. While the security system in that room is considered top-class than most of the rooms in the base, they have very distinct features as such they both looked like kids but, their age isn’t that far off from the Admiral who is currently sleeping properly.

“Uzuki, what are we doing here?”<br />“C’mon now Yayoi; you always wanted to do it, right?”<br />“Well… I am just curious…”<br />“Well, look at this, even though the door which is usually locked is now wide open; aren’t you going to ignore this possibility?”<br />“But… what if he wakes up? I don’t know if I can still face him later…”<br />“You’ll just have to deal with it.”

And thus, the two ladies did something that is not asked of them, rather; since the other party is asleep; they don’t need any kind of permission for them to do that act.

“Here goes nothing.”

Uzuki’s lips touches the sleeping Admiral’s lips as she carefully kisses him without waking him up. After that, Yayoi followed suit and did the same to the sleeping Admiral.<br />After that, Uzuki and Yayoi looked like they weren’t contented with it and thus they started to look for ways to get into the bed but…

“It seems that Master forgot to lock the door as he let the rabbits in.”

The two girls froze as they heard the voice of the monster they knew.

“Uzuki, Yayoi… I will not ask what happened here but, can you leave Master behind?”<br />“yes-pyon.”<br />“yes…”

The two left the room and as they turn their backs on, Sazanami closes the door and locks it from the outside. After that, they decided to return to their rooms and started making their sleep too.

At this point of time, things will be a bit different for them, but for now; things will go on as they have maintained the status quo between themselves.



==Choukai’s Spring==
In the middle of the Cherry Blossom field, Choukai stood there with eyes open wide and her hands holding on a small box.

The small box indeed, was a gift from someone special to her… and special to everyone else too. Even so, despite those adversaries, Choukai have risen among the rest. That’s because…

“Thank you, Admiral…”<br />“No, I should be thanking you for doing your best work so far. After this, I might be putting you into the crossfire many more times.”<br />“well, if it’s for your sake of achieving the peace of the world, I’ll continue to work hard then.”<br />“Sorry… I shouldn’t really be hearing those words, but thanks. I feel enlightened.”

As the girl in Choukai always yearns for something as simple as this; having the ring is something she doesn’t wish to have anymore but…

“Anyways, please take care of yourself. You do not own yourself any longer.”<br />“yeah. I’ll remember that. Anyways, please take care of me Hiro-san, even though I am not worthy of this…”

And so, with the two exchanged their vows underneath the cherry blossom tree; a new bond was formed and a new chapter will start for the two of them.



==Epilogue:==
Sazanami: Master, that’s quite something indeed…<br />Hiro: Sorry. Anyhow I am a bit in a hurry myself…<br />Sazanami: Che, you spend so much time with others that you forgot to spend some with me…<br />Hiro: Well then, shall we go then?<br />Sazanami: Where? To where everyone was?<br />Hiro: No, I have already told them that I won’t be coming until tomorrow. Thus; tonight, it’s for the two of us.<br />Sazanami: Eh!?

Soon, Sazanami took out her mirror and arranges herself. As a part of her duty, she needs to look presentable to any kinds of people… especially to the Admiral.

Sazanami: Master, I am ready.<br />Hiro: Wait a minute, you lack something…

The Admiral pulls out a dress that he had set aside during the time that he went shopping with Yayoi, while Yayoi knows it; the Admiral didn’t buy it until later date just to make sure no one suspects the Admiral of buying something. Of course, he did that just not to upset Yayoi. The Store crew however, they almost went to call the cops on him when he tried to claim the dress.

Hiro: Wear this. This should be perfect for you.<br />Sazanami: This is…<br />Hiro: Well, I believe that girls like you should always wear a new dress once in a while. Of course, I have already known your measurements so it’s…<br />Sazanami: Pervert…<br />Hiro: Sorry…<br />Sazanami: Master, could you please wait for me outside. I’ll try it on today.<br />Hiro: Alright.

As the Admiral waits outside, Sazanami carefully wear the clothes that the admiral has given to her. Given her very nature; the color suits her perfectly and the measurement on her clothing was so perfect that it’s like it was tailored for her. After donning the dress, Sazanami came out and she stuns the Admiral who was waiting for her.

Sazanami: Master, how do I look?<br />Hiro: As usual, stunningly perfect.<br />Sazanami: You tease… Anyhow, this clothing is so perfect… where are we going anyways?<br />Hiro: I’ll take you there so close your eyes when we got to the car.<br />Sazanami: Alright.

And as the night remains young, the unpredictable couple drove their way towards a special place to where a lot of cherry blossoms were in bloom. Of course, what happened there shall remained to the hearts and minds of the two as they witness nature in full bloom during that night. Thus, it’s a night they can always remember… until eternity.



===End.===
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]