==Prologue:==

I am Hatsushimo and I have a secret…

I like the commander. He is the only person who would immediately compliment me whenever I do something. He is also the only man who have recognized me for who I am. However, He already have Mikazuki in his life and I know that in his heart, he cannot accommodate anyone anymore and that’s why, even if he praises me, messes my hair and talks with me; I know that I’ll never be happy since he belongs to someone else.

“Hatsushimo, excellent work yesterday. Sorry if I haven’t said it.”<br />“…Thanks…”<br />“Anyways, what do you want this time? Hmm… A meal? Or something else?”<br />“It’s fine commander, someone might misunderstand you.”<br />“I already consulted this matter with Mikazuki.”<br />“I don’t mean Mikazuki-san, but what about the others?”<br />“I really much don’t care what others would say. So, will you eat with me? If you aren’t comfortable enough, I’ll invite Sazanami too just in case.”<br />“…”<br />Even though it’s fine for me to eat with the Commander along with Sazanami, I have a feeling that Sazanami might sniff out something in me that I don’t want to share with her. Also, Sazanami says that she wanted to truly serve the Commander in any way that she can.

“As I thought, you might have a demanding time dealing with Sazanami; you’ll be fine with just the two of us, right?”<br />“yes Commander.”

And so, the Commander and I have agreed to eat lunch together later. But I feel that there will be a lot things that will happen later.





==Cold days==

(Admiral’s POV)

<br />I wake up today and what greeted me is a girl sleeping on the same bed as I do, even though we aren’t officially lovers at to this point, I have already expressed my will to discredit my family name for me to marry Mikazuki. Of course, she was totally dressed at this point or Sazanami might call the MPs.

“Good Morning.”<br />Despite her charming sleeping face, Mikazuki is already defenseless while she lies on my bed. But even so, I know that someone is just waiting for me.

“Sazanami, if you are here; show yourself.”<br />“Damn, I thought I can capture you two doing something indecent…”

The cabinet door opens and Sazanami greeted me while carrying a camcorder. From the looks of it she really spent the whole night waiting for us to do something indecent. But luckily, we were just too tired to do anything at all.

“Young Master, I don’t mind if you do it right now, I am still recording it.”<br />“Dammit. Sazanami what are you even up to?”<br />“Tehe~ I just want to show your father this video so…”

I picked Sazanami up and I throw her out of my room. Even though we are like this, we are quite close friends. Though Sazanami is still hoping that I would later accept her feelings. Ah, such complicated thoughts in her head. I wonder how dad managed everything back on his end back then.

Soon, Mikazuki woke up and she greeted me as she slowly rises from the bed.

“Good morning Commander.”<br />“Good morning, Mikazuki.”

Soon, I was about to kiss Mikazuki because of her defenselessness, but I was reminded that Sazanami might still be around so I decided to not do it while Sazanami’s presence is still around.

“Commander, it’s time to do work.”<br />“Right.”

And so, the two of us went to our different rooms to get changed. When I got out, I saw Sazanami waiting for me as she looks a bit disappointed. I messes up her hair for a bit and I told her to work and immediately, she happily followed me as we went towards the office.

_________________________________________________________________________________________

Work is something we need to do every day and such Mikazuki and I silently do our work as we continue to do some battles every now and then. But even so; Mikazuki isn’t much suited in the frontlines and so does Sazanami so with them doing the desk jobs would fit them perfectly.

“Commander, it seems that we don’t have much anything to do for the moment.”<br />“yeah. But, with our small fleet; we really have limited numbers as we speak.”<br />“Anyways. Commander; It seems that we have a visitor.”<br />“Hmm?”

Mikazuki opens the door and we immediately saw Hatsushimo standing outside.

“Commander, is it my time to get my second remodel?”<br />“I forgot. Not yet Hatsushimo, get a bit more battle experience and came back after 2-4 battles.”<br />“I understand.”<br />And so, Hatsushimo exits the immediately as she prepares herself for more battles.

Mikazuki closed the door and she courtly asked me why Hatsushimo needed to ask me over some things.

“Let’s see. Hatsushimo came from the same base as you and Sazanami is.”<br />“Eh?”<br />“No kidding though. Also, also volunteered herself to help me if I ever decided to become an admiral and when I did become one, I properly asked for Hatsushimo from Admiral Kirito and he gladly gave me Hatsushimo as a token of our friendship as fellow admirals. Though the reality of that is Hatsushimo is quite ignored in terms of utility.”<br />“Why is that?”<br />“If you ever need someone who can do Anti-air defense; There are the Akizuki-class destroyers. Or Maybe Maya if you need more Anti-air defense. If you want lucky hitters, we always have Shigure or Yukikaze in those manners. They were both have well rounded stats and their luck on the battlefield proved to be very effective. Night battles are a bit questionable for her, since Yuudachi shines in that aspect along with Shimakaze. Overall, I can say Hatsushimo’s numbers are all mediocre in every aspect even if she hits her 2nd remodel.”<br />“I see… but why do you take priority with that?”<br />“Nothing really. But, I liked her attitude towards battles.”<br />“I see…”

After that, Sazanami came in and somewhat managed to continue what I was saying to Mikazuki.

“Young Master is so kind that he actually rescued Hatsushimo when she was about to be decommissioned, isn’t that quite romantic?”<br />“Wait Sazanami, I haven’t told Mikazuki… uh oh.”

I can feel a cool chill running on my spine as Mikazuki grabbed my shoulder.

“Uh huh, I am curious too. How come I didn’t know that?”<br />“Well, you were in the process of accepting your fate, remember? You basically had no time to look around back then.”

Mikazuki then folds as if she was totally countered with that argument. However, Sazanami continued to fan the flames.

“But Mikazuki-san, you don’t know know that Hatsushimo stole your first kiss…”<br />“Eh?”<br />“Wait. Sazanami, What the hell are you…”<br />Before I can even say the things that I wanted to say, a sword almost cut me in two.

“Haruhiko-kun, Mind to tell me what happened back then. In full detail without cuts nor any flowery exaggerations. Tell me everything…”

As if I was facing a demon in a child’s body, All I can do is submit to the wrath of Mikazuki who has been fueled by the half-truths of Sazanami.

“Yes Ma’am.”

And so, with nothing much to do; I decided to tell them a tale I really don’t feel like talking at all.





==Recollection: A reason for tears.==

A few days before my scheduled departure, I was a bit in the dumps when Mikazuki refused to accept my offer and now I am sitting at the couch inside the cafeteria.

“Young Master, don’t feel so bad about that. I am still here for you.”<br />“Thanks. Anyways, you are sure quite persistent.”<br />“I am indeed a persistent girl, Afterall; I might be serving the son of a legend.”<br />“Legend… I am not that kind of a person you think I was.”<br />“Well… I’ll be a bit patient on you then.”

Soon as our orders have arrived Sazanami and I noticed a lone girl in the opposite side of the table.

“Sazanami, who is she?”<br />“Oh. She is Hatsushimo. She is currently on the reserved forces.”<br />“Reserved… That’s quite a lot of them, right?”<br />“Yes, but you know; her position in the reserved forces isn’t that much of a priority so I think she’ll be decommissioned soon.”<br />“I see. But Sazanami; what happens when someone gets decommissioned; I know Mikazuki will undergo that process too.”<br />“Well, to make things short; they’ll just remove you of all of her armaments and we’ll inject a drug that will make her forget everything that happened here. Also, we’ll do some hypnosis to bring in memories that would make her think that she is indeed that person.”<br />“Quite savage I must say.”<br />“Well, we don’t want others to know that they were once a ship girl. So, we need to make sure they would be discharged secretly.”<br />“I see…”

Soon, after we saw Hatsushimo finished eating her lunch, she went out and started doing her training regime.

“Young Master, are you interested in her?”<br />“Kind of. But she isn’t as desperate as Mikazuki.”<br />“Hey now… I am quite desperate too…”<br />“Sorry. Anyways, is there a way for me to help her out?”<br />“Nothing really. Unless you asked our mighty admiral to give her to you. I guess it should be just fine and he’ll skip out on the decommissioning Hatsushimo.”<br />And with that, I continued eating as Hatsushimo started running in circles.

Shipgirls are always on call. But once you were being placed in the reserved forces; chances are; you’ll be forgotten and inside the big naval base; having something to hold on to is a way for them to survive the harsh realities of the workplace.

Of course, Hatsushimo isn’t one of those lucky ones who were showered with the grace of the Admiral.

But then, All I can do is watch as I can do nothing about the situation. Hatsushimo is constantly being bullied and picked on by many of those who came earlier than her yet they were all have risen above her level. And such discrepancy really made me wanted to do some action but…

“Young Master, I believe you can’t help her with that.”<br />“Why? She really needs a help right now?”<br />“I won’t let you interfere in this occasion because it is my duty to make sure you looked good in their eyes.”<br />“Wha!?”<br />“Yes. The admiral has assigned me as your guardian to make sure you don’t step out to intervene with the house rules. Young Master, even though I like you and I want to help you on this one; I won’t let you interfere with this because you are nothing more than just an outsider.”

As soon as Sazanami said those words, I was stopped at my feet and I was unable to make a reason out of her. Afterall, I don’t have any business with them at all. In the end, I am just an outsider.

“Sazanami. I understand your notion. But, until I make amends with Mikazuki… I’ll make sure that I’ll save Hatsushimo too.”<br />“Fine then. But, we need you to talk to that guy first and foremost.”<br />“Right. I need to do something about this.”


________________________________________________________________________________________


“Kirito, are you here?”<br />“Yes. I am always here. What does the young Haru wanted from me. And I can see Sazanami backing him up from behind. Let me guess, it’s something regarding to the reserve forces, right?”<br />“Good. I am happy you are spot on with this one.”<br />“Afterall, my spies told me that you are concerned over Hatsushimo over the rest of the reserve forces, why? Don’t tell me you really love girls with long black hair. I won’t yield Choukai to you.”<br />“C’mon now, you are sharp but still dumb in some parts. Anyways, I am here to ask to give your Hatsushimo to me.”<br />“Hmm… First, I can’t. Mikazuki-chan is the only one we have agreed upon and with that; if Mikazuki decides to not go with you, I’ll reconsider then. But knowing that Mikazuki is bent on ending her life. I believe you need to save Mikazuki first before Hatsushimo. Tell me Haru-kun, why are you so invested in saving their lives if you are not even an admiral?”

Soon, I felt that Kirito entered that one moment where he is an adult talking to a child like me. In that instance, I have never felt so uncomfortable talking to that serious man who is bent to do whatever it takes to make sure the base he worked hard for will survive.

“My answer for this one is quite simple. Kirito, you know that I am a gentleman, right?”<br />“yes. I believe in that.”<br />“You should know my answer then… For when a girl is crying, a gentleman will do his best to make sure that he can make a girl smile again. It’s already beyond obligation to help those who needed help and it’s the natural thing to do because we are all born to help one another.”

Immediately, silence filled the room; I just noticed Choukai isn’t around so I guess he really did pull a mean face on me since he doesn’t want to look bad to Choukai. Soon, his laughter resonated the whole room as he started laughing his ass off. I want to punch the guy’s face if Sazanami isn’t around too.

“HAHAHAHAHAHA! Bravo! Such wonderful answer; as expected from a gentleman like you. But even so. I have no intentions of just surrendering her life to you. Because, what can you do once you saved her? You are no admiral and she is an entity that transcends reason. I believe she will just depend on you until you get tired one day and you will discard her, and look Haru-kun; won’t you look worse than what I am going to do to her? I am dismissing her so that she can live peacefully? See Haru, your sense of justice is too strong, But this time; Practicality wins.”

After Kirito said that, he prompted Sazanami to bring me outside. I guess I failed at negotiations today.

As Sazanami escorted me towards my room, Sazanami held my hand and she didn’t let go of it until I arrived at my room. For some reasons, she is awfully quiet all the time. It seems that she knows that it might not end good for my part.

“Sorry Young Master, I don’t how to argue against him on that one.”<br />“Yeah. He got me too. It seems that he is good at reasoning once Choukai isn’t around.”<br />“Yeah. I guess we were fools then.”<br />“Indeed.”<br />As I open the door, Sazanami stopped me once again and she looks at my hand.

“Even So, I believe that these hands will never betray a girl… I have absolute faith in you that you will managed to do everything… because, you are a Raven. And Ravens got everything that they wanted if they worked hard for it…”<br />“Thank you Sazanami, but I am not a Raven. I am just an ordinary guy who is still childish on the inside.”

And then, she lets go of my hand and we both say good night to one another and I proceed to start my sleep for the night is still beckoning me to get some rest and plan for tomorrow’s events.

And so, as Sazanami waved goodbye. I entered my room and lie down on my bed as I make some sleep.<br />If Mikazuki is still around, what kind of advice will she gives me?

But the more I ponder of it, the more I started to fall asleep and thus it ended with me falling asleep without reaching any conclusions at all.





==Recollection: Haruhiko and Hatsushimo==

The next day, Mikazuki accepted my offer to have a date with her and thus, I spend my time being with her as I forget the things that happened last night. So far, it seems that I might be able to win Mikazuki at this point and thus; I continued to stay at her side until the night comes.

“Well then, see you tomorrow.”<br />“Yeah. I will…”

And so, Mikazuki enters her room and I on the other hand decided to walk around for a bit. Since I am not a part of the base; curfew doesn’t limit me and for some reason, Sazanami is with me as I walk around the base.

“You sure you are not being affected by the curfew?”<br />“my work precedes my obligations in this base.”<br />“Sounds like a loophole to me.”<br />“Don’t worry. I am here to make sure you are a good boy to every girl’s eyes.”<br />“I don’t really need that much help. But thanks.”<br />“You’re welcome.”

As soon as we walked around, we noticed Hatsushimo who is still training around the grounds.<br />“That idiot. She is breaking regulations again…”<br />“Don’t mind her. C’mon, let observe her.”<br />“You sure have weird hobbies Young Master.”<br />“I’m sure you have your own share of your own weird hobbies too, Sazanami.”<br />“I can’t argue with that then.”<br />And so, the two of us went and observe Hatsushimo’s late night training.

Accordance to the rules of the base, the curfew is an inviolable rule and one isn’t exempted in it unless your work is to guide someone who is not affected by it (I.e. Outsiders). There were no more exemptions to the rules that’s why Sazanami is enjoying this liberty since she was assigned to look over me.<br />When we arrive at our observation spot, Hatsushimo is still running as tears fell from her eyes. From the looks of things, something must have happened a while ago.

“Hey Sazanami, give me an intro to what happened to Hatsushimo a few hours ago.”<br />“Let’s see… She did her training early this morning, have a practice session with her senpais but she was used as a dummy target. She then ate food at lunch, but her senpais tripped her causing her to lose her food. Luckily, food isn’t hard to get so she gets a replacement. But even so, the girls laughed at her since her clothes were quite dirty already. After that, she changed clothes which shouldn’t concern you anymore and proceed to do her afternoon training. After that, the Admiral meets her and discussed her future. After that, she has been running around for the past 5 hours without eating nor stopping to drink or rest.”

After Sazanami has delivered her somewhat summarized report, I understood that I am out of time already and since Kirito is going to play with me this time around, except that this is not a game anymore.

“Sazanami, its fine for me to run with her, right?”<br />“Yes. You are not interfering with any of our house rules so…”<br />“Thanks.”

I jumped from the observational spot and landed near her which surprised Hatsushimo.

“Umm… Mr. Stevens? Why are you…”<br />“I know the regulations of the base. Don’t worry. Sazanami is watching me.”<br />“Ah, I see… Sorry to see me like this. I am a bit sad because I’ll have to leave this place soon.”<br />“Is that so?”<br />“Yes. And, thank you for speaking to the Commander about my condition. But I believe that the Commander is right in his decision.”<br />“I see…”<br />“Commander, why do you want to save me? You are just using me as a rebound, right?”<br />“Rebound? Why?”<br />“Well, everyone in the base knows that Mikazuki-san will reject you, is that the reason why you come to me? Don’t worry, I think Sazanami-san is willing to be your rebound girl so…”<br />“WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU SAYING!?”

Soon, I can feel Sazanami is making a facepalm from the observation spot. But I’ll just ignore her for now.

“Listen, Am I even considering the possibility that Mikazuki will reject me? Of course, no. So please; don’t look down on my act of showing my concern.”<br />“I see… But then, aren’t you satisfied with Sazanami-chan who will answer your beck and call? I know she likes you so…”<br />“Listen, Sazanami has nothing to do with this. She is a good pal of mine and I do admit I have a tough time accepting her at this point but… don’t you dare say you are giving up already.”<br />“Haah… Mr. Stevens, what can you do then? You will leave this base anyways. And I do think that Mikazuki-san will reject your offer. So, what can you do now?”<br />“I know that these things have been put into order already. But, one thing I must say is… if you think you are worthless already; think about those who have supported you along the way. No, this won’t work. Think of me who have been unable to do anything despite all the power I have.”<br />“why? It’s not worth to console a sad girl like me? I am about to be disposed of anyways? Why can’t you let me live my life normally?”

Soon, that question stopped me from moving. As if it was a big thorn on my path that I must remove; I panickily looked for answer but I just can’t find it at all.

“I knew it. You really don’t know the answer.”

As soon as Hatsushimo turned her back, I saw her long black hair which reminded me of Mikazuki who was about to walk away from me.

“Wait Hatsushimo. I finally find my answer.”

Soon, Hatsushimo turned around and immediately I spoke the weirdest reason I can remember.

'''“Hatsushimo, I like your long black hair! It’s a waste not to see it every day.”'''

As soon as I said those words, I can immediately hear Sazanami laughing at the observational post as she can’t help but laugh out loud. Hatsushimo’s face was red after I said those words and immediately, she bowed her head and she ran away from me.

“Ah, what a waste of my efforts.”<br />“It’s not a waste, Young Master.”

Sazanami who have already gone down from the observational post tapped me on my shoulder as she pointed her finger towards a smiling Hatsushimo.

“I don’t get it. How did I do that?”<br />“Simple. You are just being true to her. Ah, could it be that you don’t like me because of my hair color. What a picky brat.”<br />“Sorry about that. I just say what Kirito said to me yesterday.”<br />“Surely, I think it really is a family curse then…”<br />“You sure say some weird stuffs every now and then.”<br />“But Young Master, with this; all we need to do is to pressure that guy using that person.”<br />“Right. Last time, Choukai wasn’t around but with her being in the equation; I think we can still reverse the situation.”<br />“Oh yeah, should I tell Mikazuki about this?”<br />“Nope. I don’t know the ending yet so don’t tell her until everything is alright.”

And so, with the plan I devised; I will attack Kirito once more; and this time, I have all the chips I need.

_________________________________________________________________________________________

After our day with Mikazuki the next day, I immediately went ahead and meet Kirito but he wasn’t around.

“Choukai, where is the Admiral?”<br />“He is in the process of taking Hatsushimo to the Arsenal.”<br />“Arsenal. It’s not good. Choukai, come with me.”<br />“Why?”<br />“He is scrapping Hatsushimo ahead of schedule!”

Immediately, Choukai agreed to follow me and when we arrived there, the Admiral is already preparing a drug to erase Hatsushimo’s memories.

“Ah, I failed to finish this faster. Haru-kun, what do you want this time?”<br />“Kirito, I will say this first and foremost, please put your dismissal on-hold.”<br />“Whoa there Haru, what grounds should you say that I should delay her dismissal. You are an outsider?”<br />“Because… I need her in my team in the future.”<br />“Oh C’mon, you can just get one or build one. She is not hard to get anyways.”<br />“But, she is the only one who knows my hidden desires.”<br />“Oh, now you are talking.”<br />“Kirito. I am here to ask of you to put the process on hold. After that, I’ll do in my power to transfer her into my own when I managed to get up.”<br />“I see… Now then, Since I am a bit… Wait, Choukai is here?”

Choukai nodded as she has written the conditions on her note.

“I was wondering why you talk quite big whenever Choukai isn’t around now I know. You tend to push the deadlines or sometimes; do things earlier than scheduled… With this, you have agreed to extend Hatsushimo’s stay and you can’t cheat your way out of this.”

Soon, Kirito felt that he has lost the will to fight so he returned the medicine back to the cabinet and he woke up the sleeping Hatsushimo.

“Hey Hatsushimo, your Prince Charming came. You win our bet.”<br />“Really?”

Soon, Hatsushimo gets up of the bed and she hugged me tight.<br />“It’s true, you came here to rescue me.”<br />“Wait. What’s happening?”

Soon, Sazanami came out from the darkness as she claps her hands.

“I knew that young Master can do it. Anyways, Admiral; with that; I’ll be able to transfer to his care when Young Master has established his own base.”<br />“Right. I can’t believe that I lost 2 people in an instant. And Haru, if you please… Do Take Care of them. But for now, I’ll be the ones who’ll have to babysit them. Haru, I can’t believe that you have managed to go this far. I hope you win Mikazuki too.”<br />“Yeah. I hope so.”

And with that, the curtains close and all that was left to do is to convince Mikazuki.

_________________________________________________________________________________________

“I see. Haru-kun did something behind my back. And the result is Hatsushimo and Sazanami are both here working for us.”<br />“Yeah. Anyways, this cheeky Sazanami sure have manipulated everyone to get what she wanted and I can’t believe that she used me for that condition.”<br />“Well, I know that I can’t get out of the base by normal means, that’s why I leaked our plans to him and I made an exchange to that information. And then, when you came; everything went well to my plan. Ah, such a blissful rescue.”

For some reason, Mikazuki and I really wanted to punch her in the face but since she is here with us now, I have no more complains since they all are good at what they do.

Immediately, Hatsushimo arrived and she bowed her head towards us who have been talking all the time.

“Commaner, I think I am ready. Please lead me the way.”<br />With that, I stood up and decided to do the work that I am supposed to do.





==Hatsushimo’s wish==

(Hatsushimo’s POV)

Commander Haruhiko came to me 2 months after he left us after doing something from my previous commander. He looked so strong and reliable compared to his looks 2 months ago. His face was filled with life and now, he is reaching out his hand to me.

“I believe that I made a promise to this young lady.”<br />“Yes.”

As he held my hand, another hand came and held his empty hand.<br />“You’re late!!!”<br />“Sorry, I have to do work first before visiting you two.”<br />“Well, it’s fine. You are a Raven so you are bound to fulfill a promise or two.”<br />“Like I said, I am not a Raven.”<br />“Oh well…”

As the Commander and Sazanami exchange their rather friendly banter I can feel the warmth of his hand as he holds onto mine.

“Commander, thank you for making it this far.”<br />“Yeah. It’s a pleasure to work with you from here on.”

And so, after a few greetings between the two Admirals, the three of us were all finally going our new home. To where the our Mikazuki is waiting for our arrival. From this moment on, All I want to do then is to make sure that I’ll be able to be of use to the commander.


After seeing such a vivid dream, a voice called out my name.

“Hatsushimo, your remodel is now complete.”

Soon, I looked at myself at the mirror and I was surprised to see myself.

“Is this my… 2nd form?”<br />“Yes. You totally looked cool.”<br />“Thank you.”

Immediately, I felt embarrassed as he stood beside me.

“Umm… Commander… Can I hold your hand?”<br />“Yes. I believe you can.”<br />“If you excuse me…”

I held the Commander’s hand and from here, I remember the words he said to me when he had no words left to say to me.

“Commander, is my hair beautiful?”

Seeing the smile from the commander, I can guess that he is still awkward about that but since he has accepted me into his life, he has no choice but to answer this selfish question of mine. Well, Mikazuki-san’s hair is beautiful too so…

“It’s still as beautiful from the time I said those words.”

I stopped for a bit and immediately, tears came from my eyes as I can’t control them anymore.

“Thank You… For giving me hope… For giving me courage… and for giving me home… I will not… waste any of it… So, please continue in supporting me.”<br />“Yes. It’s my duty as your Commanding officer to support everyone.”<br />And as he said those words, I held his hand tightly and decided to not let go until we came back to the office.

And my wish… Is finally granted.





==Epilogue:==

(Sazanami’s POV)

Young Master and Hatsushimo has already progressed. However, I am still stuck at this point to where I can’t be someone of importance to him…

“Ah, what a day for me… Even though I am here, I felt the competitions too toxic, and it’s just the two of them…”

Soon, I took out my phone and dialed a certain number from it.

“Sazanami speaking. I am fine, but… I wonder if you have any advice regarding to love.”

As I close the phone, I lie on my bed and ponder what move should I do next.

“I guess all I have to do is to force it on him… until he accepts me.”

After saying those words, I closed my eyes and called it a day. For now, this kind Sazanami will transform herself for just a day… For me to change my own Status Quo regarding the Admiral.

And so, I lull myself to sleep and tomorrow, a different me will surprise Young Master.

'''- End.'''
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]