==Prologue: A tale from the past==
40 years in the past, Smith Raven visited a laboratory when he and Hana was staying over Britain, his discovery was purely an accident and for somehow; his arrival meant that things will start to move for the allies… even so; things will just start after the world has learned Smith and Hana released what they know to the world.

Smith: Anyhow, looks like Hana will be mad at me if I don’t make it back in time…

As soon as he stumbles on the gate, he found a young girl looking at him.

Smith: Hello.<br />Xxx: Hello Mister…<br />Smith: Anyhow, where am I?

Smith looks around and all he sees is an abandoned large house that looked like a castle.

Xxx: I can’t tell you what’s this place is but… people like you aren’t supposed to be here.<br />Smith: This is a bit troubling, I just take a shortcut from here and then…

Soon, the young girl pointed at the vine from her left.

Xxx: Walk straight there and you’ll reach the major roads…<br />Smith: I see. Thanks. By the way, I need to thank the one who helped me.<br />Xxx: Sorry. I don’t have a name.<br />Smith: Is that so?<br />Xxx: But I am being called as 003<br />Smith: A test subject?<br />003: I don’t know.<br />Smith: Fine. Anyways…

Smith took out a hair clip and gives to the girl. Smith had a conflicted face as he recalled the past as kids are being used as test subjects on some of the nation’s inhumane projects.

Smith: Take this. It’s a lucky item that would somehow protect you from anything. Though only one use so please keep it until the time it’s deemed necessary.<br />003: Thank you Mister.<br />Smith: Call me Raven, Smith Raven. If by some chance; our paths meet once again; please take care of my future son.<br />003: Son?<br />Smith: Yeah… See you around then.

And smith waves his hands back and forth as he exits the area. Soon, some men in white called 003 and she entered the facility to where her time has finally come. No one knows what will happen to the girl but in this experiment; only a few were documented to have survived it and thus it dawned a new age of where a lot of people can now fight the threats of the ever-so-growing abyss.

<p style="text-align: center;">'''|---|'''</p>

40 years after, Hana recalled one story that Smith has told her and now, she recalled a very interesting facet about the young girl Smith has told her.

Hana: Papa, do you recall one story Smith has told you?<br />Haru: I do recall that he was once lost and found a girl and gave a pin to her.<br />Hana: Yes. It was a special item I made to track him and to protect him from harm.<br />Haru: So, what about the pin then?

Hana pulls reveals her tablet and it indicates the location of the pin.

Haru: That…<br />Hana: It seems that for some reason, the pin made its way to Hiro…<br />Haru: I don’t think that there’s a lot of things that needs to be answered but…

Indeed, the pin should have stayed in England until for eternity. And yet; it finds its way towards Hiro to which who was not involved in those times and thus…

Haru: Sometimes, I do fear that Hiro has an innate power that we can’t imagine.<br />Hana: Indeed… I do think that he has it… the power to alter the world itself…

As the parent-child has begun discussing. A new possibility arises about the few things that even someone like Hana didn’t even know about.



==A British morning.==
Jervis arrived at the naval base after the clearing team has managed to salvage her from the wreckage of the enemy carrier that they fought in the Philippine seas. Right now, she is having her fine time doing tea time with Warspite who have welcomed her with open arms and along with Ark Royale who welcomed her too.

Jervis: This naval base is indeed a very nice place.<br />Warspite: Indeed… anyhow; it’s quite nice to see someone from Britain here.<br />Jervis: It’s a pleasure indeed. Your highness.<br />Warspite: Drop the honorifics; we are all equal here… though in your case, you are quite well favored.<br />Jervis: What do you mean?

Ark started to cut into the conversation as she finished drinking her tea.

Ark: You see, the Admiral has a quite favorable outlook on destroyers.<br />Jervis: Outlook?<br />Ark: Most of the destroyers here were at the very least well attended and pampered. Well, you’ll know once you talk with him.

Jervis recalled the time she introduced herself to the Admiral and the Admiral nodded in her introduction; anyhow; she also recalled the girl besides the Admiral whose expression was a bit stiff.

Jervis: Anyways, the admiral’s secretary is a destroyer; right?<br />Ark: Indeed… But despite her appearance; I believe she is totally unmatched here on the ground.<br />Jervis: Unmatched? On what aspects?

Aquila arrives as she sits at the empty chair, she was for a while with Graf Zeppelin who was a bit awkward with her and even so; the two were quite friendly with one another.

Aquila: Excuse me for my tardiness… Anyways… Jervis-chan, how’s your life here?<br />Jervis: I am fine. Anyways… What aspect does the Madam secretary is unmatched?<br />Aquila: Oh her… Sazanami-san is quite a fighter… also, I don’t think anyone can beat her in any kinds of games.<br />Jervis: I see….

Jervis pulls something out of her pocket, she smiled as she recalls the memories behind it and she decided to put it back inside of her pocket. Afterall, she has died for at least 14 years… but she didn’t mind it at all since she is alive once again and right now, she is with her comrades who will be with her until the end.

Jervis: Anyhow… I recall that the Admiral’s surname is a Raven, isn’t that a foreigner’s surname?<br />Aquila: Now that you mentioned it, the folks from Germany told me that they find the Admiral’s name a bit strange. Though he can fluently speak in English; he is also quite fine with other languages too… could it be that…

Kongou barges in as she and her sisters entered the area while carrying some tea cups and another tea kettle.

Kongou: Sorry for the intrusion. But we will join you in your tea time.<br />Warspite: It’s alright then.

Kongou and the company put a second table and they started their tea time too, while it’s still early in the morning, some people are already awake since they were still in the process of doing the quarterly operations.

Kongou: This time; the time the Admiral has spent on completing this operation is quite slow… I mean, it’s the third week and we are not yet at the final operation.<br />Warspite: Indeed. Now that you mention it, I think he is taking it really slow this time around.

Soon, everyone started to have a casual chit-chat over tea as the tea party resumed and the calming nature of the party said to have created a legend to bridge the gap between the participants as they learned everything on that day.

After the party, Jervis went ahead on her own as the other participants proceed on the cleanup process, as she walks around the garden, she saw an image of the person she thought she wouldn’t be seeing.

Jervis: Smith?

The image looks at her and soon, Jervis saw the admiral was looking at her.

Hiro: Jervis, is there a problem?<br />Jervis: Sorry. I thought I just saw an old acquaintance.<br />Hiro: I see… Anyhow, that name Smith… is he someone from your hometown?<br />Jervis: Not really… He was just a tourist back then.<br />Hiro: Quite strange. Anyways, is there something that you need this morning?<br />Jervis: Not really but…

Jervis recalled the Admiral’s surname being Raven but she is reluctant to ask since it might a coincidence that his surname matches with the person she met before.

Jervis: Anyways, good luck on the operations. I hope you can finish it on time.<br />Hiro: Thanks. Right, I forgot to give you something…

The Admiral gave Jervis a pair of clip-on earrings and the Admiral helped Jervis on putting them into her ear.

Hiro: there, anyhow; please don’t tell the others that those came from me.<br />Jervis: Why?<br />Hiro: I want you to live a peaceful life just in case…<br />Jervis: I don’t get it…<br />Hiro: You’ll understand sooner enough.

And the Admiral went back to his duty as Jervis witnessed him walk back towards his office. For some reason, Jervis somehow understood the Admiral’s notion and she didn’t questioned it far more than the usual. Probably because her trust in him is slightly higher than the rest. Even so…

Jervis: I wonder… if this is what they called… being favored…

And Jervis smiles as she touches her ear, even though it doesn’t hurt because these were just clip-ons, she wished that one day, she can have something more precious than just earrings.



==Musashi’s tale==
Musashi, one of the veteran of the naval base who have witnessed a lot of battles has finally slated for her 2nd remodel, however; the Admiral didn’t let her get her 2nd remodel at all.

Musashi: Admiral, is there something wrong with my 2nd remodel?<br />Hiro: To put it simple, your cost after remodel will be quite high that it will affect our daily operations.<br />Musashi: Won’t that problem be solved if you have enough resources?<br />Hiro: That’s true… But now isn’t really a time for you to be in that form.<br />Musashi: Alright, why then?<br />Hiro: Your power diminishes as you undergo remodeling, so preparing for your modernization might take time again.<br />Musashi: I see… I guess that’s quite a logical reason.

Musashi sighs as she understood that without proper modernization, she can’t perform well at her best, somehow; it frustrated her a bit but she recalled the times she was used on desperate occasions.

Hiro: Anyhow, if I do that right now… I am sure Kiyoshimo will bother me non-stop.<br />Musashi: Ah, Kiyoshimo…

Musashi recalls Kiyoshimo when they first met, the little Yuugumo girl was a total fan of hers and she believed that she will become a battleship too. But since she knew that destroyers can’t and will never become a battleship, Musashi kept discouraging her but her efforts have been all futile all along.

Musashi: Anyways, since I won’t be getting my second remodel this time around, what’s the reason for calling me then?<br />Hiro: Right. I guess I forgot to tell them that reason, oh well…

The Admiral gave Musashi an expansion slot. However, the Admiral hasn’t done anything yet at this point.

Hiro: Anyhow; if we got your 2nd remodel ready, I’ll tell you to put that on too.<br />Musashi: I see…<br />Hiro: It’s not really a fancy item but, that should take you on the longer runs.<br />Musashi: I understand. Thank you for your concern then.<br />Hiro: It’s nothing. We are quite friends, though I still don’t drink so don’t force me.<br />Musashi: Hahaha…

Musashi places the expansion slot on her skirt pocket and she bows to the Admiral as she takes her exit. Musashi didn’t want to be rude since she owe the Admiral a lot on things and that’s why, she’ll just bear with it… even though she wanted more power than the usual, she’ll just settle with the expansion slot the Admiral has given to her. It was still a piece of item that would really take her anywhere if she does it just right.

And as she exits the warehouse, Kiyoshimo greets her with her puppy eyes and Musashi didn’t fought back and just let Kiyoshimo do what she wants. In the end, she got used to Kiyoshimo’s antics and she didn’t mind her company at all.



==Dear my Future==
Sazanami is currently writing something on her notes when she saw a piece of paper lying around. She pulls it up and she saw the letter was written by someone she didn’t know.

Sazanami: I wonder who wrote this and why is this on this office…

Sazanami opens the letter and she saw a cleanly written paper as if time hasn’t passed since the letter was made. Even so, the letter is indeed aged since the date where the letter was written 100 years before.

Sazanami: Dear my future self…

<p style="text-align: center;">'''|---|'''</p>

''To someone else who reads this…''

''Dear my future self, how have you been? It’s been quite a long time since I started to write something. Usually, I write everything that Papa did in the past but since he is too busy now, I decided to write something else. Anyway, just to make sure… I won’t be around if you are currently reading this letter. Th reason? Maybe it’s because I might have found a reason to give up my life for. Anyways, to you who are reading this, you were the possibility that we all have worked hard to achieve.''

''Anyways, my name is Karen but I am not a scientist. My mother is the scientist so I guess I am a daughter of a scientist. My dad is a normal guy, but he is mom’s hero and our pillar of strength. Back then, Papa has always been with us. Anyhow; I am what you called the first generation of ship girls that were born. I really don’t understand what Hana-nee meant but, she told me once that being born as one, we are free to wield the power that were given to us.''

''Anyways, just not to alienate you… I better be straight to the point now, since it is an urgent letter which is timed to be read a hundred years later.''

''The world is in great danger…<br />That line alone should be enough for everyone to be tense or to be alarmed, but the world has always been in danger, but this time; an outside force is making it possible. Anyhow; since I was talking about monsters; I’ll make It brief; There is no end to them… The best way to handle the situation is to remove the source of such catastrophe. But even so, removing them is quite a feat that no one can do… and such, all we can do is continue fighting until one day; we managed to get everyone else to safety.''

''Anyhow, to the future who will read this letter; do your best; don’t give up and continue striving. Anyhow at this moment of time; I should tell you a big secret. I can see a portion of a definite future… The future me that would be looking at this letter will resemble me and would be loving my little brother who would become the reason why I give up half of my life to save him… and send the other half to the girl that he will love…''

''Oops, I said too much, but you won’t mind. Afterall… you are the only one who would be reading this letter right now. My little brother should be around but… Anyways; Please take care of him for me… I can’t do it anymore so please do it on my stead.''

''Anyhow, rather than a little brother he is my nephew… but I prefer treating him as my little brother since I never had one… Anyways, good day and may you succeed in your future endeavors… Akari-san.''

''Karen Springfield''

<p style="text-align: center;">'''|---|'''</p>

Sazanami closes the letter and her sweat drops from her forehead, for some reason; she really felt spooked by the letter and the fact that it was just purely coincidence that the sender might have known her for some certain degree.

Sazanami: it’s a prank, right?

Sazanami looks around for any cameras but she found nothing which solidifies her suspicions that the letter might be true.

And thus, she wasted no time and contacted the person who can prove if Karen exist or not.



==A Coward’s heart==
Gambier bay arrived at the base but she has a very unique personality. She is easily intimidated by those who were bigger than her and she is also afraid of submarines which made her too xenophobic to much of everyone inside the base asides from Saratoga.

Saratoga: Gamby, you can’t just stay here and cower in fear… the world isn’t a small place for you to coop up.<br />Gambier Bay: But Sara, this world is scary. The enemies are scary, the friendlies are also scary, the admiral is also scary.<br />Saratoga: The Admiral is indeed a scary existence… but…

Soon, Saratoga heard a summon from Akashi.

Saratoga: Gamby, I’ll have to go somewhere for now, please wait for me then.<br />Gambier Bay: yeah…

Saratoga left the shivering Gambier bay and went towards the Arsenal, Gambier Bay who is not used to crowds too sits in the corner of her room. Soon, the door opens and a girl of purple hair enters.

Xxx: Gamby…<br />Gambier Bay: Who are you?<br />Xxx: My name isn’t important at all… I can’t stay here for long since I am an outsider.<br />Gambier Bay: Why are you here?<br />Xxx: I came here to see Hiro-san’s face… I miss him so much but I can’t be with him.<br />Gambier Bay: Hiro?<br />Xxx: Anyways, I used to be a coward like you too… I cried a lot of times and I sometimes messed up too… But Hiro-san cheered me up. Even though I can’t say how much I love him, he unconditionally loved me for who I really am. Cheer up, this world isn’t bad at all… albeit dangerous, this isn’t bad at all…

Slowly, the girl slowly fades into the background as if she vanished without a trace. Gambier Bay was surprised to see the girl has already disappeared.<br />Gambier Bay: Who is she? Why does she know my name?<br />But all these questions were all left unanswered as Saratoga arrives.

<p style="text-align: center;">'''|---|'''</p>

Gambier Bay was eating at the mess hall; right now; the mess is devoid of people since everyone is busy doing something worthwhile and some were at the quarterly operations.

Gambier Bay: It seems that they are too busy to forget eating lunch.

It was around 11 in the morning, thus; it was a bit early to eat lunch, but since she still avoids people to such extent; eating early is all she can do.

Soon, a person approached her while carrying a big plane.

Xxx: Can I share table with you?<br />Gambier: Eeek!!!<br />Xxx: I am Akitsushima, nice to meet you.<br />Gambier Bay: Umm…<br />Akitsushima: You are Gambier Bay, right? Can I call you Gamby-chan?<br />Gambier Bay: Gamby-chan?<br />Akitsushima: Also, can I sit beside you?

Gambier bay sees Akitsushima eyes who was devoid of any hostility and thus, she let her sit on the opposite side of the table. Also, Akitsuhima places her friend Tatei-chan at her side.

Akitsushima: Ah… as usual, I haven’t been called for action… once more.<br />Gambier Bay: Why?<br />Akitsushima: Well, everyone here is calling me a useless, a freeloader and the Admiral’s pet.<br />Gambier Bay: Useless?<br />Akitsushima: Well, that’s how my life here is… It’s a bit hard to breathe but it’s fine… I won’t be useful to anyone but it’s fine for the Admiral… because he let Tatei-chan do the work for me and also… He said that I better be ready in case our word as a ship girl is over.<br />Gambier Bay: Work?<br />Akitsushima: You see, when the fighting is over; I want to go around the world first. I heard that before; everyone is free to go wherever they want… but then again; I will need money to start traveling. Ah, in the end; I might end up burdening the Admiral for everything.<br />Gambier Bay: Say, aren’t you scared of the Admiral?<br />Akitsushima: He is scary indeed… but, there is no way that I’ll fear him. Afterall, I love him…<br />Gambier: Eh?<br />Akitsushima: Well, I really can’t delve the details but…

As Yamato arrived along with Akitsushima’s order; Gambier bay’s face pales for a while and after Yamato winks at them, she returns to her post as she started to prepare food.

Akitsushima: Anyways… let me ask you something serious. Why are you afraid? Is that because of your trauma?<br />Gambier Bay: Well… Part of it…<br />Akitsushima: What’s the other part then?<br />Gambier Bay: It’s just that… I am all alone in the strange land and even though Sara is kind enough to look after me… I am scared because they look at me as if they want me dead.<br />Akitsushima: I see…

Akitsushima stands up and she looks around and she returns to her seat. She smiled and she taps on Gambier bay’s shoulder.

Akitsushima: I am truly nothing more but just a dead weight; if you ask me, a few of them still questions my purpose of being here but… I decided to not care about that anymore. Have faith in yourself. This world, isn’t the world we used to be back in those days. Also, don’t look at their eyes… This base is a weird base anyways; they all look at you with those eyes as they judge you if you’ll become their rival or not.<br />Gambier Bay: Rival?<br />Akitsushima: Our admiral, for some reason; has the ability to make girls fall for him… and thus, the competition gets quite stiffer and a new girl means that a new enemy on their sights.<br />Gambier Bay: I see… so, all I need to do is to avoid making eye contact with them.<br />Akitsushima: Yes. Also, if you happen to meet the Admiral along the way, just talk casually and don’t extend the conversation. If you extend a conversation with him, some might misinterpret it and they might not like it. Well, the Admiral sometimes sets the tempo so please do watch out for time to time.

Gambier bay nodded as Akitsushima gave her some pointers. In the end; she doesn’t know if this would help her or not but she decided all along to try it as well and before she knew it, she can at least confidently walk alongside people.

<p style="text-align: center;">'''|---|'''</p>

Admiral: Gambier Bay.<br />Gambier Bay: Eek!!!<br />Admiral: Wait. I am not a stranger…<br />Gambier Bay: Admiral, Akitsushima told me to avoid making too much eye contact on you and avoid speaking with you too…<br />Admiral: I see. Akitsushima talked you into that… Anyways, let me say one thing before I go and grab her… Gambier bay, everyone can be scary at times… But, you can only see the good in them once you get to know them… Take care then.

The Admiral sprinted to catch on Akitsushima who was still inside the building. And surprisingly, Gambier Bay’s shakiness slowly subsides as she looks at the Admiral’s figure slowly making its distance. She finally understood what Akitsushima wanted to say and in the end; she just needed to open herself up to know that people are not scary at all.

And Gambier Bay has finally learned to start accepting everyone around her and not to be scary at all. Despite her heart still being a coward, she can’t remain a coward for eternity.



==Amagiri’s sense of responsibility==
Amagiri was welcomed by her sister Sagiri as she enters the admiral’s office

Amagiri: Sagiri!?<br />Sagiri: Thank goodness you are already here.<br />Amagiri: Is there something wrong?<br />Sagiri: nothing really… It’s quite boring but it’s quite fine.<br />Amagiri: I see… anyways, I better introduce myself to the Admiral.<br />Sagiri: No need. I told him everything I know about you.<br />Amagiri: no way…<br />Sagiri: Yes. I did tell him.

Amagiri glares at the Admiral and the Admiral didn’t flinch at all, for some reason, Amagiri is surprised with Sagiri’s behavior.

Amagiri: Sagiri, I’ll talk with the Admiral in private. Also…  Sazanami-san, can you go out too.<br />Sagiri: But Amagiri…<br />Amagiri: Just do it, I Have a bad feeling about this admiral.

Sazanami didn’t said anything as she exits the office along with Sagiri who looks worried. Anyhow, with the door now closed from the outside, Amagiri moved immediately and delivers a punch to the Admiral’s face but the Admiral has dodged it as if he has seen it a few minutes ago.

Amagiri: What the hell did you do Sagiri to become someone like that?<br />Admiral: I just gave her my attention.<br />Amagiri: Lies…<br />Admiral: I did lie, but I can’t think of a better answer at this point.<br />Amagiri: Then, I shall speak with my fists then.<br />Admiral: I just happen to be a bit not in the mood for fighting but…<br />Amagiri draws closer as she about to land a punch on the Admiral’s stomach but the admiral catches Amagiri’s punch as if he has determined the trajectory of the said punch.

Admiral: As I said, you are too slow…

A kick hits the Admiral’s head but he didn’t flinch at all or felt the pain.

Amagiri: I was wearing my core too… I was certain that I would be breaking your bones immediately but…<br />Admiral: Likewise I said, you are too slow for my reaction time…

The Admiral taps on the floor and Amagiri felt as if a heavy force assaulting her.

Amagiri: What the hell…

Amagiri fell to the ground and the Admiral fixes his clothes.

Admiral: [Cancel]; Anyhow, I just got Sagiri’s first time and I have decided to keep her within my reach.<br />Amagiri: Tch… I knew it…<br />Admiral: But, I wasn’t the one who started it… Rather; I did ask for her permission but…

The door opens and Sagiri immediately went to Amagiri’s side as she lifts her up.

Sagiri: It’s fine Admiral. I’ll take it from here.<br />Admiral: Alright. I did make sure she doesn’t get too hurt on that match…<br />Amagiri: I can’t even call that a match… Damn it.

Sagiri carried Amagiri into their rooms and when the storm has come to pass, Sagiri told Amagiri everything that happened while she isn’t around.

<p style="text-align: center;">'''|---|'''</p>

The next morning…

Amagiri: Admiral, forgive me for my previous actions.<br />Admiral: If you are reflecting on it, then it’s good. Anyways; what’s your purpose in coming here?<br />Amagiri: Admiral, teach me how I can protect someone.<br />Admiral: hooh…<br />Amagiri: After listening to Sagiri’s story, I wanted to protect her more… from the likes of you who wanted to take advantage of her innocence…<br />Admiral: I see… so this is where it all went…

The Admiral looks back and he saw Sagiri apologizing to him. It seems that she failed in convincing her sister.

Admiral: Fine then. If you can beat me in a fight that is…

And Amagiri made a resolve in her heart that one day, she can win a fight against the Admiral to who she sees as an enemy. But, what she didn’t know that in the end; there was no way for her to win against him in any timeline or version of this story.



==A meeting of two hearts==
In a space between time and space, one heart finally made it through the disparity between two worlds and managed to arrive at the location to where her heart beats. It was a room to where she was familiar with and yet, she knew nothing of it. And as she looks behind her, she saw a young man who was dumbfounded after seeing her standing right in front of him

Xxx: Hiro-san…<br />Hiro: You…<br />Xxx: As Promised, I came to see you…

The girl touches Hiro’s hand but she can’t touch him due to the rules of the world being applied to her.

Xxx: As expected, touching you is off limits.<br />Hiro: Why? Why have you come here?<br />Xxx: I am missing you, that’s why I came here to see you. I was kinda trying to embrace you too but… I guess I can’t afford to pay any more to do more things that I wanted to do.<br />Hiro: Stupid. What if you never made it back<br />Xxx: Then this would be a good memory for me…<br />Hiro: But…<br />Xxx: Also, I forbid you to say my name… I don’t want you to cry for me… It’s my duty to cry for my shortcomings and it’s your duty to make me feel alright… We have assigned these roles already so… Please don’t cry for me…<br />Hiro: I see… Well then, if we ever meet one another; I will make sure that I’ll let you do whatever you want to me.<br />Xxx: That seems to be plausible… I guess I better work hard to make it back then.<br />Hiro: …<br />Xxx: Anyways, sorry for disturbing you… until we meet then… or maybe I should…<br />Hiro: Just visit me, alright; I might not get back at all…<br />Xxx: Yes!!!

And the girl vanished once again leaving Hiro behind, after that, the door opens and Sazanami had a conflicted face.

Hiro: You heard it right?<br />Sazanami: Indeed…<br />Hiro: Sorry…<br />Sazanami: It’s fine… Also… You’ll miss me if I am away, right?<br />Hiro: yes…

Sazanami hugs Hiro tightly, she knew that Hiro has undergo pain after he bid farewell to the girl he was talking with and that’s why…

Sazanami: I want to know her… I want to be friends with her too…<br />Hiro: Alright. But with my short stay over the other side wasn’t much worth anything to talk about anyways…<br />Sazanami: It’s fine.  Also, the reason why she visits you is because you chose to be here, right?<br />Hiro: You got me there… But yes… I made my decision to stay.<br />Sazanami: Then, show her next time the reason why you come back.<br />Hiro: Yes…

The two started to talk lively as they started to discuss a few things about the other side, and as such; before they knew it; time has already passed and they should call it a day. In the end, all that is needed to be clarified has been fully said and all misunderstandings has already been cleared.



==Oyashio’s arrival==
Oyashio arrives at the naval base and she looks around only to see everyone is busy

Oyashio: So, this is the naval base that they were speaking about…

As she looks in front of her, she saw Kagerou waving at her. Right now, she was wondering why Kuroshio wasn’t around at all.

Kagerou: Sorry for the wait. I am Kagerou and I’ll show you around the base. Of course, the last part of the tour would be meeting the Admiral. Anyways, any questions?

Oyashio: Is Kuroshio around?<br />Kagerou: Sadly, we don’t have Kuroshio.<br />Oyashio: I see… Anyways, is it just me or you are too… perky.<br />Kagerou: It’s just me, it’s fine…<br />Oyashio: Then it’s fine…

Kagerou lead the way and as Kagerou introduced every division of the naval base; Oyashio nodded as she greeted everyone she met along the way.

Kagerou: Anyways, this is the last part of the tour so… please behave well.<br />Oyashio: Is it because the Admiral is a strict person?<br />Kagerou: I don’t know about him being strict. But just in case, stay cool…

Kagerou opens the door and light soon hits Oyashio eyes as she looks inside the room.

Xxx: Sorry, the spotlight is too much…

Soon, the light slowly fades and she was greeted by the Admiral along with a different girl who happens to be inside.

Jervis: Sorry Admiral. I think I have too much fun using the searchlight.<br />Admiral: It’s fine. Anyhow… Are you Oyashio?

Oyashio was a bit surprised and she almost lost her cool but she immediately collected herself and she answers politely to the Admiral.

Oyashio: I am the 4th ship of the Kagerou-class destroyers, Oyashio; reporting for duty.<br />Admiral: I am the Admiral of the naval base. I am Admiral Raven and here acting as a secretary for the day…<br />Jervis: I am Jervis. Nice meeting you!<br />Oyashio: I see…<br />Jervis: Admiral, anyways; why did you say that the new girl is something you wanted to meet for a long, long time.<br />Admiral: Well, I just happen to like her black hair. Nothing personal about that…<br />Oyashio: Eh?

Oyashio’s face reddens as she heard the Admiral’s reason for that.

Oyashio: Admiral… I think my heart isn’t ready to hear such words from you… If you excuse me…

Oyashio made her exit and Kagerou saw Oyashio’s red face as she dashes outside of the office.

Kagerou: Stupid Hiro… He knows how to make a young girl blush…

Kagerou followed Oyashio and she followed her until Oyashio calmed down.



==Epilogue: the end of an old era.==
Sometime in the past, Ren is discussing something with Haru inside the lecture room of their laboratory. It was night and their kids are fast asleep in their own respective beds.

Ren: Anyways, there’ll come a time where ship girl making will be put on a halt.<br />Haru: On what reasons?<br />Ren: Emergence of a better method or the prominent peace or… the looming human against human war. Well, the last one is definitely would be a true consideration since there’ll be an increase demand on it but…<br />Haru: If they were used as weapons, it will be a violation to the pact they made and that’ll result to creating more monsters instead of weapons.<br />Ren: Indeed. Anyhow; if that happens before our expiration date has come to pass; that’ll be troublesome.<br />Haru: Why?<br />Ren: My project is slated for at least 500 years. We won’t be around to know if it happens or not but Hana is still around at that time… Also, I am afraid that people will lose their will to fight on the longer the duration of the war has become. And such…

Ren pulls out a strange device consisting a single switch.

Ren: This device; Is something I don’t plan on using at all… must be considered the last-resort for everything. It’s something I don’t desire myself unless things gone too awry.<br />Haru: What kind of device is that?<br />Ren: It’s a simple push button that will reset all our progress. In short… our one-way ticket back to the past and we can try to stop the project Abyss once again.<br />Haru: That…<br />Ren: But, if we change the past, circumstances might change and it might not go well to the future generations… I believe you don’t want to see Saki and Yuzu leaving again, right?<br />Haru: Yeah…

Ren closes the lid and puts it inside the safe.<br />Ren: Anyways, never… ever touch it. Unless we are at a very strange predicament… Also, it’s a game over if ship-girls wage war against one another… so we might have to change things when that happens.

As Ren finished her explanations; she sat beside Haru and rested her tired body onto his as he welcomes his wife back into his arms.

Haru: Good work for today.<br />Ren: Thanks. Anyways; sorry for being neglectful of my duties as your wife and the mother of our kids.<br />Haru: It’s fine. They have reached the age where they knew what kind of a mother you are. Of course, they love you even though you aren’t a good one to begin with.<br />Ren: Sorry to have shoulder everything for my sake.<br />Haru: Well, once in a while; cook a meal for us… the kids look forward to that.

And Haru carries his wife back into their room to rest for the night. For such, Ren and Haru didn’t want to use the button at all since they wanted their kids to live a better life ahead and using it will doubtful make their efforts go to waste.

<p style="text-align: center;">'''|---|'''</p>

Haru recalled the discussion he had with Ren back then. For some reason, he felt that there is a reason for that dream to come to him right now.

Haru: I wonder if Ren isn’t kidding with that…. But then…

Haru pulls out a switch that would reset everything.

Haru: Since things aren’t looking too good. Pressing this might help but…

Haru recalls the events that happened as he made it back to Hana’s life and from here; everything came to him as he started to appreciate life again and now, the switch that would serve as the key towards a better future; Haru has decided to put it back to where he got it,

Haru: it’s not yet time to push this… I have faith that things will end well…

And Haru decided to not to push the button for the sake of the world right now. Afterall, he doesn’t want Ren’s effort all go to waste.

He closes his eyes once again and sleep the night away.

'''End.'''
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]