'''''"In few weeks time, The event will commence. My Will is not yet ready, My ships are under training, but still not enough. And my resources is crying like heck. But, This time around, I'll be having my Revenge to those who wounded my girls."''''' - Arvin30p


==The Holloween Vibe... (Admiral's side)==

''The Naval base opened it's doors to accept kids who would do the Trick or treat. But they did it during the daylight because of the schedule the naval base has.'' ''Despite opening up early, Many kids went and made their way to the main points for the trick or treat.''

''The Admiral was wearing a Black Uniform (The Gakuran, he got it from his Mother) and stands out really well. Sazanami on the other hand was wearing an Animal Costume of a rabbit, Samidare was pretending to be a yuki Onna wearing a white traditional dress.''

'''Sazanami''': Master, I don't understand why do I have to wear this clothing. Samidare wears decent clothes but I was given with this? How unfair?

'''Hiro''': But you wouldn't wear that Maid outfit right?

'''Sazanami''': Because that dress was inspired from [http://myanimelist.net/anime/412/Kore_ga_Watashi_no_Goshujinsama 'He is my Master']. Seriously, Why do I have to wear that?

'''Hiro''': Well...

''Inisde the room, Samidare is somewhat calm but deep inside of her heart she is ready to explode.''

'''Samidare''': (I want to wear that dress too...)

'''Hiro''': Well, If you really hate that outfit, Then wear this.

'''He '''took out a Maid uniform from a certain anime that has [http://myanimelist.net/anime/21273/Gochuumon_wa_Usagi_Desu_ka rabbits and maids.]

'''Sazanami''': That's what I am talking about. This is perfect. Master, can I wore this?

'''Hiro''': It's fine. GO change. Samidare, wear this instead.

''Samidare recieve a dress from Hiro, It was also from that said anime but it has a traditional feel plus the clothes matches the color of her Hair.''

'''Sazanami''': This outfit is from GochiUsa, right? This one has this traditional feel... I like it.

'''Hiro''': Good. You two, you can go and change your clothes. Our visitors will arrive a bit shortly.

'''Sazanami and Samidare:''' Okay!

''The two arrived wearing the clothes Hiro had given to them.''

''Sazanami went to his side and whisper something in his ear. He was cute and a bit shy when she whispered those words.''

'''Sazanami''': I didn't mind wearing that other maid outfit but, I want it to wear when it's only the two of us...

''Thus Hiro has been snared by Sazanami's words. Meanwhile, Samidare was fidgetin to let the Admiral look at her get up.''

'''Hiro''': ......

'''Samidare''': How Do I look?

'''Hiro''': Well...

'''Sazanami''': C'mon, I know what you are going to say anyways. Just spit it out!

'''Hiro''': You look wonderful. The dress fits you so perfectly, I already want to cry!

'''Samidare''': Really!?

'''Hiro''': Yup! 1000% guarantee.

Samidare smiled at the Admiral and the admiral was also captivated by Samidare's smile.

''The two both showed themselves off at the Candy giving session.''


==Holloween side... (Kuro's side)==

''The mechanics also joined the fun of the vibes the Trick or Treat has to offer.''

'''Kuro''': (Wearing a Frankenstein Outfit) Miyako, say why am I dressed like I am some monster?

'''Miyako''': Because your height is tall and you have this very icy demeanor. Plus, Hiro-san told me that this would suit you, but man... You really suit the dress... Or rather, you became the person himself.

'''Kuro''': I hate this feeling that I am in fact a scary person.

'''Miyako''': Why not! because of that you can scare the kids away if they ask for a trick.

'''Kuro''': But no one will approach me if I am this scary looking guy.

'''Miyako''': well...



''Zuikaku went outside and saw the tall figure that was somewhat similar to Frankenstein.''

'''Zuikaku''': ... Kuro-san? Is that you?

'''Kuro''': Yup. It's me. Why are you shivering?

'''Zuikaku''': Well... You are kinda scary.

'''Miyako''': See! Even the teenage aircraft carrier seems to be scared of you!

'''Kuro''': Shut up!

Zuikaku retreats a bit after hearing that loud and ferocious voice of his... Somehow, she is more scared than before.

'''Zuikaku''': Awawawawawawa...

'''Kuro''': Sorry. Come here... I'll give you some candy.

'''Zuikaku''': okay...



''Zuikaku pushes herself forward to the tall guy who was menacing and scary to boot. Then, Kuro gave her a piece of candy and Zuikaku accepts it. Then Kuro puts his hand over her head and he instinctively rub it hand onto her hair.''

'''Zuikaku''': (embarrassed) Wha!? What are you doing!?

'''Kuro''': I am making myself look less terrible. Asides, I need to give these candies away... Hiro will kill me if I can't do that.

'''Zuikaku''': Uuu... Fine. Please let me stay here for a while.

'''Kuro''': Yup.


''Miyako who was giving candy to the kids saw this scene and was somehow felt she was being healed by the scenery. The kids saw that too and went to Kuro's side.    ''

'''Miyako''': Looks like he has changed a bit. Well, I'll try to win some too.

'''Miyako '''continued giving candies to the kids. By the way, she was wearing a cat woman suit.

''Kuro's candy was almost empty and Zuikaku has left the scene after the kids teased Zuikaku... Then, Katsuragi arrived with her hair a bit messy.''

'''Kuro''': ...

'''Katsuragi''': Do you still have any candies left?

'''Kuro''': Well, there is one.

'''Katsuragi''': (Takes the candy from Kuro's hand) Thanks. Oh. By the way, Why was your hand resting on my head?

'''Kuro''': I feel like doing this... Say Are you not fine with that?

'''Katsuragi''': Well, Please don't mess my hair that much.

'''Kuro''': It's an okay then.

'''Katsuragi''': Wait!



''Kuro scrubbed Katsuragi's hair as if he was messing with a dog. Miyako who was tired already from giving candy saw the scene and was laughing out loud by what she saw.''

'''Miyako''': Kuro! That's not a dog!

''Katsuragi broke free and run away towards the base. Kuro felt a bit sad by the events.''

'''Miyako''': Say, are you perhaps... Liking that girl?

'''Kuro''': Well... I don't know. But every time I saw her, I just can't control myself from doing something for her.

'''Miyako''': I see... So, You should go and take a rest. The party will be so spectacular tonight.

'''Kuro''': I hope so.



''The two went on their separate ways and wasted a bit of their time. But since it was a holiday, There was no work to do.''

==The Winners of the Best costumes.==

'''''The Naval base at the 5 of the afternoon. The Visitors are all gone and the Ship-girls are busy preparing for the dance party. Then a radio announcement was made.'''''



'''Hiro''': Ehem! Mike test... 1,2,3... Okay! All green! Good Afternoon everyone. I am here to gladly announce that the trick or treat is over. But to those who seemed to be left out of the celebration earlier... You can let yourself loose in the dance party. After all, I proposed that project to everyone.

'''Sazanami''': Master, You are talking too much. Please shorten it.

'''Hiro''': My bad! By the way this radio broadcast is aimed at our hardworking girls today who had the time to dress up and wear great clothes. Honestly, Even though I wanted to see each and all of you... I really can't. Well, but since there are many of us who also take a llok at those dresses, we decided to award those who wore the best costume this Halloween.



''The audience was surprised by the announcement the admiral made.''

'''Hiro''': Without further ado, I'll be saying the 3 winners of our contest. The third place goes to...<br />Maikaze who was very splendid on her ballerina outfit...

'''Sazanami''': Master, Why did she won that? We could have won instead?

'''Hiro''': Because It's not only I who would decide who will win. There are 4 more Judges to this selection.

'''Sazanami''': I see...

'''Samidare''': Please hurry up a bit!

'''Hiro''': Oh! Next one taking Second place is... Sazanami, where's our drum roll?



''The audience fell flat after hearing that statement.''

'''Sazanami''': Master, Please be serious for a bit. You are wasting time!

'''Hiro''': Boo!! Well, the 2nd placer is a shy girl, but loves to make a big impact using clothes. The 2nd place winner is No other than... Kiso!

''The audience was dumbfounded by the announcement.''

'''Sazanami''': Master, I haven't seen Kiso-san today. Are you sure you are not mistaken about the winner?

'''Hiro''': Listen Sazanami. While it's true that she wasn't out for today. It doesn't mean that she was not qualified to join. Also, Look at this photo of hers. Kuma-san sent this photo to us a few hours ago.

'''Sazanami''': She's that Beautiful?

''the audience seemed to be a lot curious on the matter in hand. Thus the Admiral make the proof that it's the 2nd place winner.''

'''Hiro''': Samidare, can you link this to the electronic screen so everyone can see it?

'''Samidare''': Okay!

Then in a few seconds, Kiso's outfit was shown to the whole base and everyone seemed to be captivated by Kiso's different beauty.

'''Kiso''': Admiral, why are you showing them my embarrassing photo!?

'''Hiro''': Why not! It really looks good on you. Sazanami agreed with me because of that.

'''Kiso''': ...

''Kiso walked away and it seemed that she became an instant celebrity after that.''



'''Hiro''': Well, the winner for this contest is no other than! (SFX: Drum roll) It's Libeccio!

''The whole sigh because they did not win at all.''

'''Sazanami''': master, Why Libeccio won?

'''Hiro''': because (whispers at Sazanami's ear) The Libe-tan fans club push me to vote for them...

'''Sazanami''': I see...

''Samidare entered the fray...''

'''Samidare''': Admiral, Why are you holding a I ♥ Libe-tan Merchandise?

'''Hiro''': Well, they made me join this club. So I can't say no to them.

'''Samidare''': Sounds fishy.

'''Sazanami''': indeed.

'''Hiro''': (I can't tell them that I am the founder of this group.) ...



'''Hiro''': well then, See you all at the ball.

''The annoucement was over and they continued their preparations for the ball.''

==The dance ball.==

'''''The people inside the naval base held a large dance party for it's employees...'''''

''The Admiral is sitting on a special table talking to Kuro, Miyako, Ooyodo and Akashi. Jiro has a weak back so he decline the offer.''

'''Hiro''': Hmmm....

'''Kuro''': So what are you planning?

'''Hiro''': Well, say, Are you perhaps liking this moment. Plus, I think that this is the ideal place to find someone you can care for.

'''Kuro''': Well...

'''Miyako''': Look at me. I am so great that I caught one using my skill...

''Miyako pulled out Makigumo who was wearing a good dress but she was crying when she was pulled out.''

'''Makigumo''': Admiral... Save me...

'''Hiro''': Miyako, Looks like you need to let her go.

'''Miyako''': I don't want. She is a great find! I muss work hard to ever get one again!

'''Hiro''': Let her go. (blood lust)

''Miyako let's go to Makigumo's hand and Makigumo went straight towards the Admiral and thanked him.''

'''Makigumo''': Thanks Admiral. I will go now.

'''Hiro (normal):''' You are welcome.

''Makigumo went her way towards the exped team and they went to eat and drink.''

'''Hiro''': Well then, I should go and ask someone for a dance.

'''Akashi''': Take care!

'''Ooyodo''': Please tell us the stories later...

'''Hiro''': ...

''Hiro went to the dance floor''


==='''''Results:'''''===

''The Admiral danced with the following:''

#Samidare (almost tried to dance all the night away, but was stopped by Sazanami after the second dance)
#Sazanami (He lead her all though out the dance)<br />
#Kinugasa (was praised and made some impressive tango)
#Kumano (kisses the admiral while dancing)<br />
#Uzuki (like a parent teaching her child to dance)<br />
#Yayoi (same as Uzuki)<br />
#Roma (Came back crying tears of joy)<br />
#Maikaze (Wants to see how much the Admiral has improved. Has a dance number with him in the dancefloor)<br />
#Choukai (the Admiral Asked her to dance with him)<br />
#Ryuujou (The wild combo, He asked her hand)<br />
#Akashi (For old times sake)<br />
#Ooyodo (Like brothers... dawww...)<br />
#Hiei (She wants to dance all the night away)<br />
#Libeccio (As the #1 fan of Libeccio)<br />
#Shoukaku (...)<br />
#Naganami (...)<br />
#Sazanami (2nd time around, this time, didn't let the admiral go.)


''Nobody seemed brave enough to continue dancing after Sazanami... Thus the Admiral sat at the chair... he was truly tired for dancing non-stop.''

'''Kuro''': You seem to be truly tired. Say was dancing 34 times fun?

'''Hiro''': Nope... But I forgot the pain whenever I dance with them...

'''Kuro''': I see.

'''Hiro''': by the way, Naka asked you for a dance right?

'''Kuro''': Yup... But I can't move at all.

'''Hiro''': I see, that's why she was leading you all the time. funny story.

'''Kuro''': Well, She seemed to be a bit nicer than a few hours ago.

'''Hiro''': Well, she is nice. You just pissed her off.

'''Kuro''': I wonder

''Zuikaku arrives and took ask if Kuro was available for a dance.''

'''Hiro''': Kuro, please escort her and lead her properly this time around.

'''Kuro''': I'll try...


==Katsuragi's Decision.==

'''''Kuro and Zuikaku walked towards the middle and started dancing. The Admiral noticed Katsuragi who was waiting at the wall...'''''

'''Hiro''': Yo! Are you waiting for him to ask you for a dance?

'''Katsuragi''': Kinda...

'''Hiro''': I see... Katsuragi, why are you fixated on Kurogane? He is a well rounded person and a nice one to boot. Say, are you perhaps lonely?

'''Katsuragi''': Yes. All my life, I was waiting for someone who could understand me even a bit.

'''Hiro''': Okay. If they can understand you a bit, would they come and greet you? personally, I really don't like that kind of outlook in life. Asides, for me at the very least; I try to see myself that Even I can accept the actions I made... Say Katsuragi, If Amagi-san is here, are you still the same person?

'''Katsuragi''': I don't know...

'''Hiro''': So Am I. I really can't get her back then because I started this Popsicle joint a few months ago, and rescuing her is truly out of sight. Back then, I was all alone and I had to earn everything all by myself. But then, I got a good network of admiral and look at their preparations. Little by little, I can actually get by their ways and try to make it even better. Say, This time around, if Amagi is available and Unryuu too, Would you be the same Katsuragi as you were now?

'''Katsuragi''': I don't know... maybe I would be different. But, in this case where Nee-san is not here with me, One thing was certain. I need to be with Kurogane-san no matter what.

'''Hiro''': Well, Let's relax for a while. And wipe those tears away. Even though he doesn't look like it, he is more of a gentleman than I do. I am more Knightly than him though.

Kuro has finished dancing with Zuikaku and went towards to his seat. Katsuragi seemed to be anxious dancing with him...

'''Hiro''': Katsuragi, I did say I'll allow romance in this base for as long as you don't screw up right?

'''Katsuragi''': Yes... Why!?

'''Hiro''': Because if you screw up on that, it'll change your life permanently. So, Are you going to go to get things right or stay here and screw this whole point of the ball?

'''Katsuragi''': ...

'''Hiro''': Well, I better go. I need to check someone who is currently sleeping. She didn't danced with me today because she tried to help someone. It's partly my fault though. So to repay her a bit, I will make her favorite dish. Katsuragi, Just pick up that damn guy already. If he can't get you, then go get him.

''With the Admiral's words, Katsuragi stood up and walk towards Kuro's chair and she asked him for a dance.''

'''Katsuragi''': Kurogane-san... Please dance with me!

'''Kuro''': okay...

''Kuro took Katsuragi's hand and then walk towards the dance floor. Honestly, they are both poor dancers and they kinda stepped each others foot. But The Admiral saw the smile in her face that he didn't saw in the long, long time.''

After that, The two won the best couple of the night.

==The Kitchen story==

'''''The Admiral is cooking in the kitchen. It was 2 in the morning to be exact.'''''

'''Hiro''': [Arare should be getting up at around 3AM, I should give her this.]

''Then the kitchen door opened...''

'''Hiro''': Who's there?

Sazanami entered the room.

'''Sazanami''': It's me master, By the way, didn't you sleep?

'''Hiro''': Nope. I am making a meal to that person. She didn't came at the party because she needed to rest after helping someone.

'''Sazanami''': Arare-san?

'''Hiro''': Yes. She was planning to dance with me... but she needs to heal someone Else's wounds.

'''Sazanami''': Who was it?

'''Hiro''': The Mechanic named Kurogane.

'''Sazanami''': Say, what transpired last night before the party?

'''Hiro''': Well, he just fought Naka all out and almost died When Naka decapitated his Arms.

'''Sazanami''': Scary...

'''Hiro''': Well, Naka was pretty much OP already when she used that mode. Honestly, I did managed to defeat her by using tactics and not letting her use much sounds waves as she can.

'''Sazanami''': I defeated her once because when her eye color changed, I swiftly strike her and she fell asleep. That was a scary encounter with that girl.

'''Hiro''': Well, Indeed it was true, but on her technical skills, she was only ranked below us... around 6. I heard Arare can fight her even if Naka was in that mode.

'''Sazanami''': How come you meet these kind of people?

'''Hiro''': Because they are special in one way or the other.

'''Sazanami''': What are you cooking?

'''Hiro''': Stew... the creamy one. Arare likes it.

'''Sazanami''': I see. After that, can you cook something for me?

'''Hiro''': Well. I guess it's fine.

''The two continued chatting until 3 AM has passed, Arare entered the mess hall and The Admiral along with Sazanami gave her the stew.''

'''Arare''': I see... So you waited for me to make this. Thanks. Onii-chan.

'''Hiro''': Well, You are welcome. Now then, let's eat.

''The three sat down and ate the foods they made.''

'''Sazanami''': Since we made so many again... What should we do?

'''Hiro''': well, the cook in charge today will just reheat it. Don't worry, she likes to taste my food too. Arare, Sazanami; Do you want some Calzone?

'''Arare''': with pleasure.

'''Sazanami''': thanks Master.

''The three ate again and after that the Admiral went to sleep. Sazanami went to her room and retire for the night. Arare then went outside to see the scenery outside. She was smiling as she eats her Calzone that the Admiral made for her.''

'''Arare''': (delicious...)


==The visit...==

'''''The Admiral went to the cemetery to visit the grave of the ship girls that he sunk back in his younger years.'''''

'''Hiro''': I must admit, losing three ships is a pain for me. Plus, The first one I sunk was a great carrier. Sorry Akagi... You must have been hurt. Chitose, Sorry if your sacrifice was in vain. Imuya, Sorry for pushing you a bit far... I regret it.

''He then put some candles and light it. He stayed there and rested a bit. A few hours later Samidare and Sazanami arrived to come and get him.''

'''Sazanami''': Hiro-san, It's time.

'''Hiro''': I see...

'''Samidare''': I wonder why you observe All Saints day?

'''Hiro''': Because I do have an obligation to observe it...

'''Sazanami''': But why then, we rarely went here because it has this very uneasy feeling of eerieness emanating from here. But when it's this time of the year, you just go here bringing flowers, candles as if you are going on a date.

'''Hiro''': Well, I need to do this anyways...

'''Samidare''': Could it be, that you are religious?

'''Hiro''': No way... I am just following this traditions from my religion. Well, I will not disclose anymore of this. It's pointless anyways.

'''Sazanami''': Okay.

'''Samidare''': Let's go now.

''The three left the cemetery and went to the place where the living gathers...''




==The new comer.==

'''''Maya and Choukai are talking about the second remodel'''''

'''Maya''': Say Choukai... Since you got your second remodel Ahead of me, what does it feel to become  like that?

'''Choukai''': Well... I feel like My powers has been increased and the accuracy of mine seems to increase as of late. Probably due to my level... But I realized that when I got these second remodel, I feel like my soul has transformed once again. It felt that I am baring my well being to the battle.

'''Maya''': Baring your well being... Sounds like being nude.

'''Choukai''': That's not it! Anyways, It feels like I am making a big presence inside the battle field, that's all.

'''Maya''': I see. SO you felt that your presence alone can make a big impact on the battle itself. So It means that If I reach my second remodel, I can change the face of battles.

'''Choukai''': Yes, Maya-chan.

'''Maya''': By the way, how's the deal with the admiral?

'''Choukai''': Ummm...

'''Maya''': You know what? Even though you are that scholarly, battle-hard maiden. When the issue is about the Admiral himself, you always lost your basic faculties and even your voice seems to disappear as well. Are you sure that everything's alright? If not, I'll be making my move too...

'''Choukai''': Wait Maya-chan... It's not what you think, I did try to confess to him during the dance, but... But...

'''Maya''': But what!?

'''Choukai''': I feel like I am declaring war inside the naval base.

'''Maya''': Oh. That scenario! you know, Have you heard of Isonami-san?

'''Choukai''': Yes, I heard that she was picked by the admiral and then was trained in the other base and returned after the training.

'''Maya''': have you heard that she won against the girls who liked the admiral?

'''Choukai''': really?

'''Maya''': yeah. It seems that she did her best not to get defeated by Samidare, Sazanami, even the cooking Comittee chairman Kinugasa-san was defeated by her.

'''Choukai''': I see!

'''Maya''': But, I heard that she herself had been following him since the day that they met.

'''Choukai''': I am following him too since the day that I met him.

'''Maya''': Looks like it's good to go.

'''Choukai''': What's good to go?

'''Maya''': Your conquest for your love.

'''Choukai''': Eh!? But...

'''Maya''': By the way Choukai...

'''Choukai''': what is it?

'''Maya''': When I got my second remodel... I'll do my best to win the admiral's heart.

'''Choukai''': I see... (sad)

'''Maya''': Well then, I've gotta go. They are calling me to sortie now.

''And Maya went out to raise her levels. Choukai on the other hand is feeling betrayed by Maya's words.''


==The trubles of Low luck battleships.==

'''Fusou''': (sigh) I wish the Admiral would level us both together... But I guess he can only prioritize one for now... Yamashiro, How's your end?

'''Yamashiro''': it's fine nee-sama! It's been a while since you take a break from levelling. Say, did the admiral treated you badly?

'''Fusou''': No Yamashiro. He simply used the chance he has to level me. Asides, I personally asked him to level me.

'''Yamashiro''': I see... Nee-sama, do you like our current Admiral? I mean he is fine, but is this really alright for us?

'''Fusou''': I think He's a great man himself. Though At time I think he really was a gentleman at fault and a knight by definition. He sure knows how to take care of us. Plus he made sure that we do get our privilages despite being called unlucky.

'''Yamashiro''': But Nee-sama, I think he is trying to win your heart with that tactic of his...

'''Fusou''': Tactic or not. If he ever looks at my way then It's fine. If he ever looks at your way; then I am too happy for you. Nevertheless, If he wants to take care of us then I think we'll be fine with that. SO, Yamashiro. Please help the Admiral in the greatest power you have. I'll be supporting you from time to time so DO your best.

'''Yamashiro''': Yes Nee-sama!




''The Admiral arrived at their own separate dorm space.''

'''Hiro''': Fusou-san, Are you here? Let's go get you remodeled.

'''Fusou''': I'm comming Admiral!

'''Yamashiro''': May luck be our side this time.

'''Fusou''': Yes Yamashiro, I do hope.



''Fusou went outside and was greeted by the admiral.''
''The two went to the factory to get the remodel done.''


==Fusou Kai Ni.==

''Fusou and Hiro are walking towards the factory.''

'''Hiro''': Fusou-san... Thank you for being there for me despite the rough ride.

'''Fusou''': Me too, Thank you for trusting me. I enjoyed it a lot.

'''Hiro''': Well Fusou-san... congratulations on your remodel. It was quite a journey and you still managed to smile like that. I am grateful to recieve someone beautiful like you.

'''Fusou''': Don't say that Admiral. Yamashiro is also beautiful too. So Admiral, Form now on, Please help my sister level too. She badly needs it.

'''Hiro''': Yes Fusou-san, I promise you to level her properly.

'''Fusou''': Well then, Since I am quite alone with you, can you listen to this selfish request of mine?

'''Hiro''': What is it?

'''Fusou''': Well, Can you give me a kiss before I remodel.

'''Hiro''': !!!

'''Fusou''': well, Sorry if that is a bit in the red zone. Afterall, I respect Sazanami's order and The council's orders.

'''Hiro''': Well... It's fine anyways, But are you sure to be kissed by someone who you might not liked?

'''Fusou''': Well... In the issues of like and dislikes. I think I am fine with that. Asides, There's no one in this base that doesn't likes you.

'''Hiro''': Well, That is true. So, How do you like me? I mean, there are many types of like anyways.

'''Fusou''': well, I like you because you are a great man yourself. Plus, the fact that you managed to get your act together. I like you because you are a responisble man yourself.

'''Hiro''': I see. So it's more of the I like you because I am indebted to you.

'''Fusou''': Well, Kinda. But you know... Even though I say these kind of words, I am quite good in hiding my emotions. Admiral, Can you read my heart?

'''Hiro''': (Looks like she is teasing me with this one. But I can't really tell anything from her actions.) Fusou-san, I don't have the capacity to read someone's mind as of now. Please be considerate of me.

'''Fusou''': (It looks like I win!) Well then, since you lost to me this time around, I want you to close your eyes.

'''Hiro''': Wait... Don't tell me...

'''Fusou''': Ufufufufu...



Sazanami arrived at the scene.

'''Sazanami''': Fusou-san, I prefer not teasing Master that much. He is still in the delicate age.


'''Hiro''': Sazanami, Nice save.

'''Sazanami''': Master, I am here to assure that no one gets carried over and steal some points from us. Well Fusou-san, you can go and get yourself remodeled.

'''Fusou''': Yes... (I wish I had more time. I still lack some luck I guess.)

Fusou went over the factory and get her second remodel in a few minutes.



'''Sazanami''': Master, I am quite scared...

'''Hiro''': Why?

'''Sazanami''': I can't read Fusou-san's action at all.

'''Hiro''': Me too... I can't determine her intentions at all. While her writing shows her personality, when she talks, she is quite a good talker.

'''Sazanami''': So, Shall we put her on the watchlist?

'''Hiro''': Yup... Afterall, I can feel that she is somehow after me. Maya is saying the same thing also, But I heard from a fairy that she will make a move after her Kai Ni.

'''Sazanami''': Well... She is ready to get her second remodel. Only a few sorties more.

'''Hiro''': Well, put her on the list. I better brace myself. Sazanami, Thanks for saving me back there.

'''Sazanami''': Don't get me wrong Master. I am quite knowledgable that you tend to get the advantage of such things. I rather not interfere in the actions of others. But Fusou-san is different.

'''Hiro''': Yup. she is different. But I am glad that Yamashiro is too Honest.

'''Sazanami''': yeah.

''Fusou got out of the factory to show her second remodel to the Admiral. Sazanami left and went to check on Maya's case.''

'''Fusou''': Well then Admiral, You shall escort me back to my home.

'''Hiro''': I guess that request is better.

The two went back to Fusou's dorm.



==Maya Kai Ni (Pre)==

'''''Maya was called by the Admiral to visit the office.'''''

'''Maya''': Wow, So this is the office looks like. This is the first time I've seen the office anyways.

'''Hiro''': Well, the security here is unreasonable anyways. But since I called you in, they let you pass.

'''Maya''': Now that you said it, Your little Miss Sazanami was glaring at me as if I was big trouble.

'''Hiro''': Well, there are rumours and all after all. Say, How do you fare this moment of time?

'''Maya''': Well, I feel lighter at the moment. I feel like my presence could shatted the battlefield itself. Why am I glowing? Am I sparkling?

'''Hiro''': I don't know... But It's time for you to get your remodel. Let's go to the factory.

'''Maya''': Okay.



''The two left the office and went to the factory. The Admiral ordered Sazanami and Samidare (who was also glaing at Maya) to take care of the office. As they walk, they have a little conversation before reaching the Factory.''

'''Hiro''': So... Do you want to get stronger?

'''Maya''': Of Course I am! No one wants to be weaker than they use to be.

'''Hiro''': Well...

'''Maya''': Say Admiral. Do you like Choukai?

'''Hiro''': I liked all of you.

'''Maya''': Not that general concept of like. I mean, If you like her as someone of the opposite sex.

'''Hiro''': Well... I can say that I recognize her the way she is...

'''Maya''': Admiral, I am quite aware that you are avoiding this topic... Say, what did you day to her during the ball?

'''Hiro''': Did you ask the her?

'''Maya''': I did asked her. But she doesn't say it.

'''Hiro''': Well, I guess I should not say it.

'''Maya''': Admiral. I think I have the right to know that... I am her sister.

'''Hiro''': As her sister, why do you try to push her too much?

'''Maya''': Because If she doesn't push herself more, then she can't attain something if she doesn't work harder.

'''Hiro''': Well then. Maya, I have a confession to make. I wanted Choukai to support me until She decided to quit on me.

'''Maya''': !?

'''Hiro''': As you can see... I can't promise someone to be at their side forever. I can only do that to the four people I have trusted my life with. Choukai is...

'''Maya''': Stop it Admiral! i don't want to hear anymore excuses.

'''Hiro''': Well then. I'll say the truth.

'''Maya''': Wait... You mean the earlier statement you say is just a test if I am patient enough.

'''Hiro''': Nope. it's a test if you are a sister or not. Plus to see if you like me too...

'''Maya: !?'''

'''Hiro''': And as I can see from your reaction a while ago... Looks like I am right at this point. My secretaries knows it already.

'''Maya''': Stupid. You toy with my feelings to see if I am in love with you. (cries)

'''Hiro''': Well, since I am a bit dense, All I can do is hurt someone to see if they really mean it or not. By the way, Choukai cried when I said that I like you more... even if It's just a probing question and a lie.

'''Maya''': ...

'''Hiro''': Sorry for the mess I made. Anyways, The two of you are special. I made a promise with Takao and Atago a long, long time ago to take care of you two. Even though for now I will only look at you two as someone with a bit more importance. In the end, I guess I quite take a liking to you two. Maya, I like you as much as I like Choukai at the moment. I know that my words seemed to be dumb and quite escapist. But this is the best answer I can give to you and Choukai. By the way,  I still like Choukai more because of her glasses.

'''Maya''': Sorry for not wearing one... (I should wear one too, I guess.)

'''Hiro''': Well then, Drama's over. I know you are more excited in the remodel than that little chatter of mine so, go on now. It's time for you to transform...

'''Maya''': Thanks Admiral. By the way, can you step a bit closer?

'''Hiro''': Like this. (steps forward towards Maya.

'''Maya''': (whispers at Hiro's ear) I look forward to spending our time together. I don't mind if Choukai joined us in the moment. But can you look at me 'til forever?

''Maya waltz inside the factory to start her remodelling.''



==Maya Kai Ni (post)==

'''''Hiro was waiting for Maya to get remodeled and then Choukai came to greet him.'''''

'''Choukai''': Admiral...

'''Hiro''': Yo! Are you here to witness Maya's transformation?

'''Choukai''': Yes Admiral...

'''Hiro''': (she seemed to be a bit tense...) Hey Choukai, Sorry If I made you cry during that dance ball.

'''Choukai''': Not really Admiral. I know that you are just doing it because Sazanami-san is watching us.

'''Hiro''': Well... That is true. Sazanami is indeed scary. Say, About your...

''Maya came out of the Factory''

'''Maya''': Admiral, Check out my new look! Oh Choukai, what brought you here?

'''Choukai''': ...

'''Maya''': I see. Choukai, step a bit closer to the Admiral. Then, I'll move closer to the Admiral too... Then, Aoba-san...

'''Hiro''': (Aoba!)

'''Aoba''': (Came in running) I'm here...

'''Maya''': Can you snap us a photo with the three of us together?

'''Aoba''': With Pleasure.

''Aoba snapped a photo of the three standing together. With Choukai at the right and Maya at the left. Maya paid Aoba and immediately recieve the photo. Aoba left the scene.''



'''Maya''': Now then... I better go.

'''Hiro''': Take care.

'''Choukai''': Well Admiral...

'''Hiro''': You have something to say a while ago right?

'''Choukai''': Nevermind...

'''Hiro''': Hmmm... Choukai, take this!

''The Admiral threw a rather small box, Choukai immediately caught it.''



'''Choukai''': What is this?

'''Hiro''': Something to make you look beautiful. I better go or they'll try to crucify me for staying so long outside. By the way, If you lack confidence... Wear that... it'll boost your confidence a bit.



''The Admiral left and went back to his office. Choukai on the other hand looked at the content of the box.''

'''Choukai''': (It must be a ring...) !?

''To her surprise, it was a charm made for her (not really).''

'''Choukai''': earrings? Well. I guess I still need to be a girl to gain confidence.

''Choukai wore the earrings and walked back to her room.''

==<br />[Training cruiser Katori]==

'''''I woke up in a place that I have no knowledge of... Something like a dream-like sequence. Anyways, the day had arrived that I was awakened to this world.'''''

'''''I woke up and saw myself in this rather interesting shape. I was born into a human girl. I looked at the mirror and saw myself bearing the prided guns that I carry...'''''

'''''Katori: This is quite a bit seductive for a girl...'''''

'''''then, the door opens and there were two shadows standing in front of it.'''''



'''Hiro''': Well, The Timer said 1:10, I have no idea who would I get. I thought I will be getting a Nagara class but something different came.

'''Maikaze''': Admiral, you see... I cane feel that it's sensei that it's coming here.

'''Hiro''': who was this sensei you are talking about?

'''Maikaze''': Of course, it's Katori-sensei!


''The Girl was familiar to me, Somewhere along the way towards the truk islands, I went with her...''

'''Katori''': Is that you Maikaze?

'''Maikaze''': Yes sensei... I am Maikaze.

'''Hiro''': Somehow, why do I feel that she is rare... (remember's the Winter 2015 operations) OH!

'''Maikaze''': What is it?

'''Hiro''': She was a prize ship last winter.

'''Maikaze''': really?

'''Hiro''': Yup... But I never have gotten her due to level issues and my morale drain.

'''Maikaza''': Morale drain?

'''Hiro''': Nevermind. By the way. Katori, Welcome to the Raven base! You are here assigned as the proud new member of my fleet.

'''Katori''': My. Thanks for accepting me! Say, I find these clothes rather appealing...

'''Hiro''': Yup... they are indeed. (looks away)

'''Maikaze''': Admiral... Why are you feeling embarassed seeing Katori-sensei... Could it be? Wah!? Sensei, I won't forgive you for stealing the Admiral's heart!

'''Katori''': Eeeeh!?



''Samidare arrived at the factory.''

'''Samidare''': Maikaze-san, what am I hearing right now?

'''Hiro''': Not good.

'''Samidare''': Admiral, are you tempted by Katori-san's appearance?

'''Hiro''': Well...

'''Samidare''': Well then, I'll call Sazanami-chan and we'll make Nagato-san make copies of her clothes that we can wear.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Maikaze''': Samidare-san, can I join?

'''Hiro''': Please don't...

'''Samidare''': Okay. I'll notify the council about this.

'''Hiro: ...'''

'''Katori''': Ummm... What is happening?

'''Samidare''': WEll, thanks to you WE can make something worthwhile for a while.

'''Hiro''': Well Katori-san, Let's go to the base and we'll introduce you to the fleet. Maikaze, Escort her.

'''Maikaze '''Okay sir!

''Maikaze escorted Katori inside the base and Samidare and the Admiral were left alone.''



'''Hiro''': Phew. Looks like I am quite...!?

'''Samidare''': Admiral, I see that you somehow got lucky and made a training cruiser... Please let me remind you that you are not supposed to...

'''Hiro''': Samidare, Are you jealous?

'''Samidare''': Of course I am... I am boiling already with that jealousy.

'''Hiro''': Well, Let me hold you tight to douse those flames... If you allow me.

'''Samidare''': No need to ask permission. You are free... Whoa!!!

''Samidare was embraced by the admiral. The whole exchange happened for a minute and Samidare was down for the count.''

'''Hiro''': Hmmm... I guess she is still not yet ready.

''Hiro stayed at Samidare's side until she woke up.''

''Katori was then introduced at the Naval base that evening.''



==Kasumi (part 1)==

'''''Kasumi entered the Admiral's base as a guest and a trainee.'''''



''As she walked she looked around to see no one was around.''

'''Kasumi''': [I knew it! He is saying lies! There's no way that he can be a famous Admiral.]

''As she walks towards the office. She noticed that the Admiral wasn't there.''

'''Kasumi''': ... (He is not here!)

''She sat at the familiar Admiral's chair and began twirling her hair as if she was waiting on this. She looked at the window and see a group of girls forming a line. They are doing the monthly assembly.''



''Meanwhile''...

'''Hiro''': Today is the first Monday of the month, and today is officially one of the most hectic days of our operations... I am here to see that everyone was okay and well tuned. SO how's the party? was it fun? Well, It must be. But, we must be strong now. We must be preprared because the enemy is gaining in strength once more. I, Admiral Hiro will declare that our conquest starts this month!

'''All''': Yeah!!!

''The naval base was filled with energy emanating from the crowd, Hiro looked up and saw a familiar figure that was hiding in plain sight.''

'''Hiro''': ... (So she is here now.)

''Kasumi hide so that she can't bee seen by the Admiral. She was mesmerized by the display of power.''

'''Kasumi''': (I wish he can be this active to our team... Wait, I am the only one left though, They all left me.)

''Kasumi sank to her own powerlesness as she reminisce the hard days she has as the Admiral/secretary... She closed her eyes and fell asleep.''



''The Base operations returned to normal. The Admiral and his secretaries returned to the office and saw a figure that they have been waiting for.''

'''Sazanami''': So... It's her.

'''Hiro''': Yup. She is officially a member of our base. though she won't sortie though.

'''Samidare''': Say... Why does it feel that she is so lonely?

'''Hiro''': Her teammates and friends were gone. Some of them sunk and the others left her for the other admirals.

'''Samidare''': Who was her admiral?

'''Hiro''': Me.

'''Samidare''': !

'''Sazanami''': Wait... Why are you assigned to that base? I thought you are assigned here?

'''Hiro''': Because the HQ once decided to throw me there if I won against AD Hime... But since I didn't managed to win back then... They decided to stop the idea and let other admirals make better results.

'''Sazanami''': I see. So they plan on disposing our team if we won.

'''Hiro''': But even if I won, I would say that they will have to face her if they decided to put me there... I shall be bringing you guys there.

'''Sazanami''': Master...

'''Hiro''': well, Samidare can you put a blanket on her. She might get a cold. I don't want her to be sick on the first day of her intern.

'''Samidare''': Okay. (afterall, He is a gentleman to a fault.)

''Samidare took a blanket from the cabinet and put it above Kasumi. Hiro then seated at his chair and started to work. Sazanami went to her office and Samidare stayed at the Admiral's side for she was the secretary assigned today.''



''A few hours later... Kasumi Woke up.''

'''Kasumi''': So warm...

'''Samidare''': Good morning, Kasumi-san. You must have been tired from your journey.

'''Kasumi''': (such an angelic presence... It's impossible!) waaaaHhhh!....

'''Hiro''': Kasumi... I see that you are as energetic as ever.

'''Kasumi''': Humph... (looks away from the admiral)

'''Hiro''': Sorry for being a bad example to you for three months... I regret it for not being there when you need me.

'''Kasumi''': Yeah. You really are a bad guy. Stupid admiral.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Samidare''': Well, I know he is stupid and such, But I knew that you saw us from our gathering a while ago. Say, DId you find it interesting?

'''Kasumi''': Yup... They are interesting enough.

'''Samidare''': (at least she is honest to me and probably to others... But not to that dense Admiral of mine.) Thank you. Say, Did you two perhaps have some kind of a hidden relationship or such.

'''Kasumi''': eh!? of course none. there's no way... (looks away from Samidare and The Admiral's eyes) I have a relationship with that stupid guy. He is bad for me...

'''Samidare''': (tsundere...)

'''Hiro''': (tsundere...) pfft...

'''Kasumi''': What are you laughing at!? Don't mock me! Witness the power that I hold within...

''As Kasumi tries to land a punch on The Admiral's stomach, she was tripped by the blanket that she was using a while ago.''

'''Kasumi''': Whoa...

'''Hiro''': Watch out!

''Kasumi was caught by The Admiral and they were a bit close to each other's face.''

'''Kasumi''': (o//////o)

'''Hiro''': What's wrong? You are red? Are you sure you are not sick?

'''Kasumi''': Well...

'''Hiro''': well?

'''Kasumi''': (realized that she was too close to the Admiral's face) Stop touching me... Anyways, I am fine! I am perfectly healthy and can't you see that I am well?

'''Hiro''': Well... I guess you have a higher body temperature.

''Samidare laugh at the scene.''

'''Samidare''': hahahahahaha! This is crazy. Kasumi-san did you know that you are a 'tsundere'?

'''Kasumi''': Tsundere?

'''Hiro''': Someone who has a tough exterior but has a kind, weak heart inside.

'''Kasumi: '''(o///////o)

'''Hiro''': Say, are you like that?

'''Kasumi''': I AM NOT!!!

''Kasumi walk out of the office.''

''Then, Sazanami enters the office to reprimand the two of them for teasing Kasumi.''




==Kasumi (part 2)==

''Kasumi ran with all her might to where her feet takes her.''

''Then she arrived at the front desk to where Kumano was seating there.''

'''Kumano''': So you must be Kasumi-chan. I am Kumano. The front desk lady.

'''Kasumi''': Kasumi... I am the newest visitor here.

'''Kumano''': Well, Nice to meet you Kasumi-chan. You can call me onee-chan.

'''Kasumi''': I don't want too...

'''Kumano''': Oh well... By the way, did you meet Hiro... I mean the Admiral?

'''Kasumi''': Hiro?

'''Kumano''': Ah... You got that one. the Admiral's name is Hiro... Please don't spread the word to others.

'''Kasumi''': Why is that?

'''Kumano''': Is a privilage to know his name. Asides, Only those who are really close to him can call him in that name. Got it? By the way, Are you close to him? Because he always tells me a story of what kind of life you lead there. Also he always feel so dejected leaving you there all alone. He trusted you but he felt that you are not yet ready.

'''Kasumi''': ...

'''Kumano''': Say, are you the only one he has a contact there?

'''Kasumi''': Yes...

'''Kumano''': I see... You are somewhat fine with him. Say...

'''Kasumi''': I am Not!!!

'''Kumano''': Calm down... I will say if he is a good admiral there?

'''Kasumi''': He is a lazy admiral. That's it.

'''Kumano''': My. That how he was in the beginning.

'''Kasumi''': !?

'''Kumano''': But when he gets so fired up. There's no way he can stop... and he will have his way to make it through.

'''Kasumi''': Sounds like an very different Admiral from him...

'''Kumano''': You'll see him like that when you stay here a bit longer. Just look at how he interacts with us.

'''Kasumi''': Okay.

''Kasumi sits on the couch and relax her body. She thought on how different the admiral was from the guy she knew.''

'''Kumano''': So... any change of heart?

'''Kasumi''': just wait for a week will ya?

'''Kumano''': Okay.

''Kasumi waited fo a while and got bored. after that she went to the mess hall to where the ship-girls gather.''



==Shigure Kai Ni==

''Shigure arrived after her naval exercise. She was a bit tired.''

'''Hiro''': Shigure, I have good news and bad news for you.

'''Shigure''': What is the bad news Admiral?

'''Hiro''': We need more resources this time around. I need you to commit few resources too if you wouldn't mind?

'''Shigure''': Okay. What's the good news then?

'''Hiro''': You'll be remodeled today.

'''Shigure''': Oh... Is it time already?

'''Hiro''': Well thanks for your hard work. Now you have earned that second remodel of yours. Be proud.

'''Shigure''': Yes...

'''Hiro''': Samidare. can you escort her to the factory. It's her remodel today.

'''Samidare''': Okay.

''The two left the Office and headed to the factory.''



'''Samidare''': Congratulations on your remodel.

'''Shigure''': Thank you Samidare. So, how was the... nevermind.

'''Samidare''': ?

'''Shigure''': I asked Yuudachi about the remodelling process and she said that she can feel her power surging from the very core of her own spirit. I kinda want to feel that way too.

'''Samidare''': I see. Say, can I hold you hand for a bit. I'll be missing your old look. Most second remodel has this called character change. I hope I can feel you once more before you go there.

'''Shigure''': I wouldn't mind. Supposedly, wasn't these hands supposed to only hold the Admiral's hand?

'''Samidare''': WELL...

'''Shigure''': Don't worry. Yuudachi and I hace decided to leave you two alone. Kawakaze seemed to know her place to so it's fine already. Also, We will support you and your love for the Admiral. Got that!?

'''Samidare''': Thanks.

''Shigure let go of Samidare's hand and entered the factory where she was remodeled. After a few minutes, she came out with a totally new and cool look.''

''Samidare hugged Shigure and after that they returned back to the office.''



==The trouble of having few destroyers.==

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Shigure''': ...

'''Samidare''': Wasn't she awesome?

'''Hiro''': Well, she is indeed awesome. But, Why was she almost looked closer to [http://danbooru.donmai.us/posts?tags=gouta_%28nagishiro6624%29 Gouta's Shigure]?

'''Samidare''': Who is Gouta?

'''Hiro''': I heard that his Shigure is so OP that even Battleships are afraid of her.

'''Samidare''': Wow. But how would this Shigure be similar to him?

'''Shigure''': You know. Please don't compare me to someone else's destroyer. Asides, I only looked like this because I was reading this.

''SHigure pulled out a manga from her backpack (why does she wear a backpack anyways?) and showed it to the Admiral''

'''Hiro''': ONE PUNCH MAN...

'''Samidare''': ...

'''Shigure''': You know, I really like this...

'''Hiro''': I know...

'''Samidare''': Admiral, why are you shaking?

'''Hiro''': I don't know but I got the feeling that this might have influenced her remodel... It means...

'''Shigure''': By the way... I can't punch.

'''Hiro''': Phew.

'''Shigure''': also I read this... (pulls out another manga)

'''Samidare''': Mobile Suit

'''Hiro''': GUNDAM THUNDERBOLT!!!

'''Shigure''': I really...

'''Hiro''': Stop it. This is getting a bit non-sense already. So what do you have in mind when you were remodeled?

'''Shigure''': Are you sure I will say it to you two?

'''Samidare''': I am prepared.

'''Hiro''': Yup. you can trust on us.

'''Shigure''': Fine. In my mind there was only one thing that was visible... SO I did wish when I was remodeled... Is that I can protect Samidare's smile for the Admiral.

'''Samidare''': ...

'''Hiro''':...

'''Shigure''': Well then, I will go.

''Shigure left and the two were both speechless and became functional after Sazanami arrives.''



==Abukuma's dream...==

'''''Abukuma was having a dream and inside of it she was the protagonist.'''''

'''Abukuma''': Finally, I can catch up to Kitakami-san and Ooi-san... My own second remodel.



''Abukuma entered inside the magical factory and her remodel was immediately finished.''

''Abukuma grew her bust and her hips grew a bit but her waist remained slim.''

'''Abukuma''': Kyaa... I am now a Torpedo Cruiser. With these equipments, I can defeat abyssals too.

''Then Kitakami and Ooi joined to congratulate her.''

'''Kitakami''': I knew you would join our ranks one day. Nice meeting you.

'''Ooi''': My... You are one of our comrades now. Please to work with you.

'''Abukuma''': Of course

''Abukuma was then stopped by Shiranui...''

'''Shiranui''': Abukuma-sempai

'''Abukuma''': what is it.

'''Shiranui''': That outfit does not belongs to you... You are just wearing Kuma-class cruiser's dress. Wear these instead.

''Shiranui forcefully strips Abukuma and forcibly wore a Kagerou class Dress... with Spats.''

'''Abukuma''': waaaahhh. I became a Kagerou-class destroyer Abukuma!!!

'''Shiranui''': well then, Let's go to Kiska and kick their butts.

'''Abukuma''': Waaahhh.....



''Abukuma woke up from her nightmare.''

'''Abukuma''': Phew. I thought I became a destroyer... That was scary.

''Isuzu who was sleeping beside Abukuma woke up.''

'''Isuzu''': So noisy Abukuma. It's still 1 in the morning.

'''Abukuma''': Sorry.

'''Isuzu''': Now that you woke me up... Any last words?

'''Abukuma''': Please don't let me wear Spats!!!



''Isuzu immediately slammed Abukuma to her slumber.''

'''Isuzu''': you are going to wear that anytime sooner. so deal with it!

''Isuzu slept for the night.''



==A mechanic's day off.==

''Kuro was given a day off from dealing with the repairs.''

'''Kuro''': Phew. It seems that I can actually breathe some fresh air. But that under... secret base seemed to be so special I wanted to see it once more. By the Way, What are you doing at my Back Katsuragi?

'''Katsuragi''': I am here to be your guide if we are going to tour the whole island.

'''Kuro''': How nice of you. But... In times like these, Shoukaku-san is the one I want. she must have been tired from baby sitting 2 teenage carriers.

'''Katsuragi''': Sorry if I am not as matured as Shoukaku-san. Asides, she can't go anywhere far from the base because she said that she always meet with Accidents wherever she goes.

'''Kuro''': Tch... Can't her luck improved?

'''Katsuragi''': I think once you accepted the ship-girl part, one will bear everything about that ship-girl. WEll including luck. It seems that her luck is slightly terrible.

'''Kuro''': You mean it's acceptance to the part of you?

'''Katsuragi''': Yes. Now then, since Shoukaku-san is out of the picture and Zuikaku-sempai is ...

''Zuikaku arrived at the location''

'''Zuikaku''': What about me?

'''Katsuragi''': Since Zuikaku-sempai is out... Why are you here?

'''Zuikaku''': Because I know that you are with him, that's why I am stealing him from your clutches...


''Kuro who was slightly ahead of them decided to run away from the duo.''

'''Kuro''': (better run now!)

''But as soon as he took a step, he was stopped by the carriers.''

'''Katsuragi''': Don't ever go...

'''Zuikaku''': I can't let you Go away...

'''Kuro''': ...



''As the two quarrel, Naka who has no schedule for today saw the fight between the two carriers.''

'''Naka''': Oh! Kurogane-san!

'''Kuro''': Yikes... the queen of the night has come to take my blood...

'''Katsuragi''': oh, it's Naka-san

'''Zuikaku''': Yup. It's our Idol Naka-san!

'''Naka''': what is the problem here you three?

'''Kuro''': well they are...

'''Zuikaku''': I am guiding him to the right path...

'''Katsuragi''': I said I am first and I am...

'''Naka''': I can't understand anything that you say so... PIPE DOWN!!! (killing intent released)

'''Katsuragi''': Yes Ma'am...

'''Zuikaku''': Yes Ma'am...

'''Naka''': Thank you! (cheerful) Kurogane-san, Allow me the fleet Idol Naka-chan guide you to the good places here in this island nation.

'''Kuro''': Yeah...(I thought I was a goner.)

''Naka took Kuro by the Arm and started to drag him away from the two ladies who are frozen to death.''

'''Zuikaku''': Just now...

'''Katsuragi''': Yeah...

''The two called a truce after that incident.''



==The trouble with looking in someone else's PC.==

'''''Kiso and Maya were called at the office to discuss something with the admiral. The office was closed doors during that meeting.'''''

'''Hiro''': You know, It's fine if you say everything now. You knew why I called you here.

'''Kiso''': I don't...

'''Maya''': Me too...

'''Hiro''': Liars, according to this footage, you two came in and out of my room. what did you two see?

'''Maya and Kiso '''(cries): Ushio died! we are so attached to her character that when she died, we cried rivers of tears.

''Ushio enters the room..''.

'''Ushio''': Admiral, did I hear them say that I just died?

'''Hiro''': Oh. '[http://myanimelist.net/character/10342/Ushio_Okazaki That Ushio...]'

'''Ushio''': What's 'that Ushio'?

'''Hiro''': They have watched [http://myanimelist.net/anime/4181/Clannad:_After_Story Clannad: After story.] Hmm... Somehow It reminds me the first time I can't hold back my tears when I was watching it. Truly remarkable.

'''Ushio''': really?

'''Kiso''': Watch it too!



''A few hours after...''

'''Ushio '''(crying): Such cruel fate, why Ushio-chan died!

'''Sazanami''': My, my... Was that Clannad: after story? You got lured by that too? I admit, I cried watching that scene too, that devastated me as a person.

'''Ushio''': really?

'''Sazanami''': yes. Master cried all night after watching that scene too.

'''Ushio''': I guess it's fine to cry over it. Somehow I feel like I am reborned as a human again.

'''Sazanami''': That's the spirit. Say, what are they watching this time?

'''Ushio''': [http://myanimelist.net/anime/25519/Yuuki_Yuuna_wa_Yuusha_de_Aru Yuki Yuuna is a hero.]

'''Sazanami''': Wait... He told me that show destroyed his christmas... I must run.



'''''Sazanami run and manages to drag the admiral out before that episode. The only ones who left watching it were Maya and Kiso.'''''

''Later on their eyes looked like a dead fish's eyes.''



==Akashi's newest invention.==

'''Akashi''': Ooyodo, It's already night do we have anything to eat?

'''Ooyodo''': The Admiral said that he'll be delivering us his specialty.

'''Akashi''': Okay. Now then...



''As Akashi tweaks a mechanical device and then she tested it and she saw a great improvement.''

'''Akashi''': Wow!

'''Ooyodo''': Oh, you made it already?

'''Akashi''': Looks like the Admiral's shield will be ready soon.

'''Ooyodo''': But what is the purpose of the shield?

'''Akashi''': Because it's an offense shield. If I press this, I can turn it into something like this.



''The shield's diameter shrinks and turned into an oblong blade a bit shorter that a saber but still heavy and blunt.''



'''Ooyodo''': I see, It can be turned into an offense weapon. Good thing we looked at this manga for the design. (Pulls out [http://myanimelist.net/anime/24405/World_Trigger World Trigger])

'''Akashi''': But using Abyssal material sure is grand. I hope he can test it any sooner. Our I-chan (I-class destroyer) is rearing for a bonding with the admiral.

'''Ooyodo''': Maybe when he has no schedule left to do. We'll let him play with that.

'''Akashi''': Okay. Now then, time to go to the mess. Please notify him that we will eat there and tell him the good news.

'''Ooyodo''': All right!

'''Akashi''': So how was the deal with Admiral Hoshi?

'''Ooyodo''': Well he is cooperative enough so we sold him materials too. Claire-san is also requesting more. Thank goodness, I think our budget will rise this month.

'''Akashi''': Well then, Let's sell this month's produce too.

'''Ooyodo''': Yeah!



''The two went out and eat at the mess hall.<br />they have left the reference material at the table.<br />and that night the two had a great celebration.''



==A random downtime for the Admiral==

'''''The Admiral was watching over at the computer that day. That was a day off too...'''''

'''''With him Samidare and Sazanami were also watching with him.'''''



'''Hiro''': ...

'''Samidare''': ...

'''Sazanami''': ...

''the episode they are watching has finish.''

'''Hiro''': Good.

'''Samidare''': Indeed. How calming.

'''Sazanami''': ...

'''Hiro''': How rare for you... whoa!!!

''Sazanami was in the verge of tears...''

'''Samidare''': You are getting teary-eyed, but why?

'''Sazanami''': Dad!!! I miss my dad!!!

'''Hiro''': Could it be... You are a daddy's girl?

'''Sazanami''': So what!? This [http://myanimelist.net/anime/10232/Tamayura:_Hitotose show] reminds me how I miss him... Dammit! But, It's good.

'''Hiro''': I see... Let's watch the next episode.

'''Sazanami and Samidare:''' Okay.



''the other audience who were hiding somewhere were all crying over the Heroine's reminisce of her dad...''

'''''Hiro''': ''Let's watch the next episode then...

''Hiro played the next button in the computer screen.''



==Cooking Duty...==

'''''Kuro was summoned to the Admiral's office to discuss some things with him'''''

'''Hiro''': Well, Since you are quite active a few weeks a go, I'll reward you something great.

'''Kuro''': Hmm... From the tone of yours, I can't tell if you are giving a great price or a hard job. Anyways, Why do I have to be accompanied by these two. I am only rewarded right?

'''Hiro''': Yup you are rewarded... that's true. But I am doing that to make full use of your knowledge of the backward engineering technique of yours. The two there are for a special task. But they both requested me to let you jon at all cost.

'''Kuro''': Wait? What special task. You mean I have to personally take care of these two troublesome carrieres from now on?

'''Hiro''': Well not that troublesome. Firstly. I am appointing you to the head of the to-be-created R&D division due to your unnecessary meddling that happened while I was on a trip.

'''Kuro''': SO it's a reward made from spite.

'''Hiro''': Well, The reward was great since you can actually make things possib;e. But this special task is my punishment. DOn't worry though. These two will help you if that time of crisi comes.

'''Kuro''': Alright. They seemed to be fired up at some point.

'''Hiro''': Yup. By the way... You three are assigned to the cooking task. You know that once in a while Hiei can't cook all week and I can't also do that too. So I am actually sacrificing the quality of our food by putting someone who seems to be willing to learn.

'''Kuro''': So you mean that these two can't cook at all?

'''Hiro''': Well the cooking class is still full and there was no one willing to teach other than Sazanami herself. I can't teach because I am still handling other papers. I asked Kinugasa if she can teach but when I saw her ledgers for the month, I decided to give up. So... Kuro, can you cook?

'''Kuro''': I can't cook.

'''Hiro''': Well, I guess I have to ask Akashi-san to make a medicine for stomach upset. And I should install a medical bay... though ship-girls don't get sick at all.

'''Kuro''': Funny...

''Katsuragi and Zuikaku were shaking by the Admiral's decision.''

'''Hiro''': With these... you are dismissed. GO back to work.

'''Kuro''': Yes Sir!

'''Katsuragi and Zuikaku''': Yes!

''The three went out  and go back to their respective workspace.''



''Samidare came and Ask the Admiral.''

'''Samidare''': Will we be alright every sundays?

'''Hiro''': Well, we are kinda short on manpower in the cooking job. I asked Kaga if she can do it. But she said that she still can't make it to a respectable level so she declined my offer. The good thing was Kino accepted my offer but she said that she can only make for a serving for 30 people. So she is our pinch cook this time around. Her reason is that she must return to her bookkeeping duties.

'''Samidare''': SO can you cook for the three of us?

'''Hiro''': I think a group of ten would suffice. Please don't tell the other ships that I will cook on usndays but I will cook in the other building that the people has furnished and improved.

'''Samidare''': Then It's a great thing. We can always go on a picnic whenever it's sunday.

'''Hiro''': Yeah.

''The two talked a lot until they decided to return back to work.''



==The Tea Ceremony Club==

'''''Fusou has established her very own tea ceremony club. She originally invited the Admiral to join and drink with her.'''''

'''Fusou''': I see. She is still wary of me that she decided to tag along?

'''Hiro''': Well, It can't be helped. By the way Samidare, Why did you came too?

'''Samidare''': Because I wnted to see how the ceremony was held.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Sazanami''': You see, this supposed to be a clam meeting. But since It's Fusou-san asking the Admiral to come alone, I have to see it there's no bad things happening while you are here.

'''Hiro''': Thanks. I was going to invite you anyways because she said I could bring anyone here.

'''Fusou''': Yup. It's for advertisement.

'''Samidare''': Yes. Say, do we really have to sit in a [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seiza seiza?]

'''Hiro''': They said that being in a seiza can make you focus more.

'''Sazanami''': Hah... my foot is really numb now.

'''Hiro''': what?

'''Sazanami''': Yes Master... Can I change my seating position?

'''Fusou''': You may. Well. I try to keep it as informal as possible.

'''Hiro''': My! thanks.

''The three Changed their seats to the ones they are comfortable with.''



'''Hiro''': So Fusou-san, where is Yamashiro again?

'''Fusou''': Oh, she didn't want to see the Admiral at all so she was serving other guest... well it's Mogami-chan and Shigure-chan anyways.

'''Samidare''': Looks like you also need to go there soon, right?

'''Hiro''':Sazanami: ?

'''Fusou''': Oh, so you noticed it. Honestly. I decided to do this on a whim. But looks like I was seen through already. Hiro-san, thanks for coming over. Please help yourself with the tea. I am doing something rude to my guest but if you allow it, I'll be going there immediately.

'''Hiro''': You can go now. I know you miss them, You missed your friends... So go and get them. I kinda wished I brought Michishio back home. Sorry Fusou-san.

'''Fusou''': Yeah. I understand... Hiro-san, I'll be going.

'''Hiro''': Take care.

''Fusou ran towards where Yamashiro and the others are.''

'''Samidare''': You know, she could have invited us on a later date if she really wants to meet us.

'''Hiro''': Yup...So Sazanami, how's the tea. I know you'll be saying that it's bitter.

'''Sazanami''': Master, don't need to say that. Afterall... I drink it all before saying that and I kinda regret it.

'''Hiro''': well, she was kind enought to give us this cake so eat this up. It'll lessen the after taste.    


''The three continued to talk until they decided to return to their post.''

'''Hiro''': You know what? They could just opened it and called their closest friends first and try not to stick to the traditions itself. Or rather Make this place a bit relax for those who are here to clear thein minds.

'''Sazanami''': Well, It can't be helped. She is a Yamato-Nadeshiko.

'''Samidare''': Yup.





==Abukuma Kai Ni.==

'''Hiro''': Abukuma...

'''Abukuma''': What is it. From now on... You'll become a Kagerou -cass Destroyer Abukuma!

'''Abukuma''': Noooo!!!

'''Isuzu''': Admiral, Please stop teasing my sister... She has a weak heart.

'''Hiro''': WEll. Isuzu, you can take her now. She really is going to be remodelled this time around so go now.

'''Isuzu''': Yup.



''Isuzu dragged Abukuma to the factory and then Abukuma undergoes her second remodel.''



''A few minutes later... Abukuma seemed to be different.''

'''Hiro''': What was her problem before?

'''Isuzu''': She hates wearing spats....

'''Hiro''': Now she loves it like it's a part of her body.

'''Isuzu''': How Ironic indeed.

'''Hiro''': But to think I can get a pseudo-torpedo cruiser... This should be interesting and all. But liking her hated dress... Looks like she saw some ghost or something...Say, who was the last person she saw or dreamt?

'''Isuzu''': She said that she saw Shiranui in her dream.

'''Hiro''': Wow, You can manage to scare this bear to her senses. I hope you are fine to wherever you are, Rui (Shiranui)?

'''Isuzu''': She's fine... SHe decided it on her own afterall.

'''Abukuma''': well then! How Do I look. I am cool right?

'''Hiro''': No comment...

'''Abukuma''': No!!!!



''And the base gets a bit rowdy after that.''

-end
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]