=====A day without the Admiral is like hell...=====


==[The night of Departure]==

'''Hiro''': Sazanami...

'''Sazanami''': Yes Master?

'''Hiro''': I'll be going now, but you already know this anyways. But, I'll be saying my goodbyes to you and Samidare because I need to say it to the two of you.

'''Sazanami''': I see. You'll just be out for a whole day right? But being away from you makes me think that I can't function properly as a secretary.

'''Hiro''': Well... Sorry to do this on a short notice. I'll be getting something from the house and My mom wanted me to stay for the night because she missed playing scrabble with me.

'''Sazanami''': I can join you if you want.

'''Hiro''': Nope. Rather, my mom said that I need to go there alone. Maybe it's something different this time.

'''Sazanami''': I see. Take care then.

Sazanami leans a bit forward and she kissed the Admiral in the lips and they stayed there kissing for half a minute until both of them let go of one another's lips.



'''Hiro''': I will go now.

'''Sazanami''': Take care Master. Please be well.

'''Hiro''': I will.

''The Admiral went his way to the front door and he exits the Naval Base.''



As the admiral walks towards the gate, he was greeted by Samidare who was patiently waiting for him.

'''Samidare''': That was fast.

'''Hiro''': Well, I might do something lewd to Sazanami if I stay a bit longer.

'''Samidare''': Pervert...

'''Hiro''': Sorry about that. Anyways, Can I trust you in helping Sazanami in the management?

'''Samidare''': Alright. Anyways, can I ask for something?

'''Hiro''': what is it?

'''Samidare''': Can I kiss you?

'''Hiro''': well...

'''Samidare''': Never mind, why do I need to ask if I can just do it.

''Samidare immediately embraces the Admiral and kisses him on his lips. Their kiss lasted for half a minute and Samidare lets go of the Admiral.''

'''Samidare''': Phew. Now I feel good. I think I can have sweet dreams tonight. Thanks Admiral.

'''Hiro''': You're welcome. Anyways, why do you want to kiss me?

'''Samidare''': Because I don't want Sazanami-chan hogging all of your attention. Asides, I missed the taste of your lips.

'''Hiro''': Silly girl. Anyways, I'll go now. Please take care.

'''Samidare''': I will. Take care too!

''The Admiral exits the gate and he rode his motorcycle and he rode his way back to his home in the city.''



'''Samidare''': Well then, I better sleep now.

''As Samidare walked towards the front door, she was greeted by a jealous Sazanami who is looking at the two of them a while ago.''

'''Samidare''': Sazanami-chan? Why are you pouting?

'''Sazanami''': I can't believe you kissed him too.

'''Samidare''': Oh my, so you want his kiss that lingers in my lips?

'''Sazanami''': wait! what flag did I just raised?

'''Samidare''': Silly Sazanami-chan, I can give his kiss to you.

'''Sazanami''': Samidare, what are you implying? We are both girls and we both love Master... Don't tell me you are a lesbian?

'''Samidare''': eehh... You are too serious Sazanami-chan. Of course I will not give it to you, and I am not a lesbian. I am just teasing you since you are too insecure.

'''Sazanami''': ganununu...

'''Samidare''': Anyways, I am envious of you Sazanami-chan. Because he actually sought for you first before leaving this place and I was just called second.

'''Sazanami''': Samidare...

'''Samidare''': Oh well... Let's drink this up for tonight. I have the liquor Jun'you-san recommended me, let's drink this and let's forget all the troubles we have.

'''Sazanami''': Alright. It's been a while since we had a drinking match.

The two went to the mess hall to drink the said liquor.


==A secretary's duty==

'''''Sazanami has it worse...'''''

''She has a hungover during her secretary duty and she was slumped on the Admiral's desk. Kasumi who entered as a reliever saw the change of Sazanami in the absence of the Admiral.''

'''Sazanami''': My head hurts...

'''Kasumi''': What did you do last night? I bet you and Samidare had a drinking contest since the Admiral is not here. Honestly, why does he have to leave? That piece of ... artwork.

'''Sazanami''': You stuttered a bit. Say, you really respect him right?

'''Kasumi''': Me!? Respect him? It's not like I am doing this because he asked me too you know.

'''Sazanami''': Anyway... ow... my head really hurts, how come Samidare has no Hangover?

'''Kasumi''': I don't know about that. Anyways, I heard that that guy will level me. Is that true?

'''Sazanami''': So you had heard. Well, I have no Idea what is on his mind by the way. So just heed to his calls. Anyway, you don't look bad at all. You are just not too honest to yourself.

'''Kasumi''': Hmph! Before you lecture me! Please see to it that you are also a respectable person!

'''Sazanami''': (This girl... She is deliberately pissing me off.) ...

'''Kasumi''': Anyways, Let me handle all of today's work since you are pretty much useless for now. Don't worry. I know how things work since I used to be his secretary too, along with Michishio.

'''Sazanami''': Alright. But when my head feels better, I'll return and watch how I work.

'''Kasumi''': Fine then.

''Sazanami went back to her room to rest for a bit and Kasumi took over the secretarial duties.''
''That day, Kasumi dealt all the troubles and the expeditions that arrived to her plate.''


==Samidare and Suzukaze.==

''Samidare is in her office humming to the song of bright shower days. Suzukaze, who is a bit carefree despite the Admiral's absence, is staying over Samidare's office just to kill time.''

'''Suzukaze''': Samidare, You seem to be okay despite him being out for a day?

'''Samidare''': Well... I missed him too if you asked me if I miss him. But, that will not speed things up anywats, so I just wait patiently for him. Sazanami feels this way too, but since she is a bit impatient and insecure. She will be at least trouble because Admiral is not here today.

'''Suzukaze''': Hmm... Anyways, I heard you two had a drinking contest, who won?

Samidare: Me. it was pretty obvious since Sazanami doesn't drink that much.

'''Suzukaze''': But how come you don't have a hangover?

'''Samidare''': I don't know. Probably because I can pretty much take the alcohol myself. Suzukaze, do you have any plans for today?

'''Suzukaze''': let me see... well I had to see Hachi-san in the afternoons since the subs are having a break from their Orel Cruise. After that, I have nothing to do.

'''Samidare''': I see. By the way, can you stay with me till then?

'''Suzukaze''': Why?

'''Samidare''': well...

Samidare stood up and she sat near Suzukaze who is relaxing a bit and then Samidare lean on Suzukaze's shoulder and she started crying on her own will.

'''Suzukaze''': Whoa!!! Why are you crying all of a sudden? Don't tell me you really miss him?

'''Samidare''': Yup. But it's more than that. Why do I feel that i still need to wait for him? Why do I feel so afflicted each and every time I see Sazanami and the Admiral kiss. Why do I feel this way?

'''Suzukaze''': I can't answer your question. Anyways, But I know what you feel is right. Because you are jealous of Sazanami who loves the Admiral more; and The Admiral loves her more.

'''Samidare''': Yup. But, I feel the sting in my heart whenever they are having a moment together.

'''Suzukaze''': You see Samidare-chan, The Admiral might have loved Sazanami since then.

'''Samidare''': Anyways, since you will listen to all of my troubles, I guess I am glad I have you at my side.

'''Suzukaze''': You can cry all you want. Afterall, we are sisters. We both want to support that one man who is a bit crazy and a bit dense.

'''Samidare''': yup. Can I cry then?

'''Suzukaze''': You can cry on me. Because that's one of the best ways to load off the darkness that you carry inside of your heart.

'''Samidare''': thanks.



''Samidare cried that day until she can't cry anymore. After crying, she felt refreshed and all of her burdens disappeared by that moment.''



==Kumano's inspiration.==

''Kumano entered the office to ask the Admiral to join her for lunch be she only found Kasumi to be working.''

'''Kumano''': Hiro! Let's eat... Oh Kasumi-chan, where is the Admiral?

'''Kasumi''': Haven't you heard the news a while ago? He is out of the base today.

'''Kumano''': What!? Where did he go?

'''Kasumi''': He went back home.

'''Kumano''': Okay. I'll leave too. I know where he lives.

'''Kasumi''': Wait!!! If you leave, who will handle the calls?

'''Kumano''': I'll let Suzuya do it.

'''Kasumi''': I doubt that she can do it if you are the only one who can do that.

'''Kumano''': ...

'''Kasumi''': Anyways, please return to work; because he will return tomorrow.

'''Kumano''': I see... Say Kasumi-chan, are you this strong because you have grown away from him?

'''Kasumi''': Of course not!!! I am already strong to begin with. It's not like that guy have made me a better person.

'''Kumano''': I see... Anyways, can you call me Onee-sama?

'''Kasumi''': Buzz off... I am still working.

'''Kumano''': (she sure doesn't hold back, I wish the Admiral is here to tease her a bit. But now that he isn't here I want to pinch this cheeky girl to respect her elders.) ...

'''Kasumi''': Anyways, if you really insist... Onee-sama, please return to work. That stupid guy will appreciate you too.

'''Kumano''': (Whoa! too cute!) Yes Kasumi-chan! I'll do my best!

''Kumano went back to work. She was motivated all day long because Kasumi cheered her.''


==Kinugasa's talk==

''Kinugasa had a break from her work. She went to the mess hall to order some food and then she went around looking for a particular person in mind.''

'''Kinugasa''': Where is he anyways, Could it be that he is at home now. Damn, I could have seen him off or better yet go there on my accord.



''Kinugasa placed herself near the Heavy cruisers who were eating to a fill. Kako who was also eating asked.''

'''Kako''': Kinugasa, are you perhaps planning on going out to see the Admiral?

'''Kinugasa''': I do. Why did you asked?

'''Kako''': well... Lemme sleep for now.

''Kinugasa slapped Kako until she returns to her senses.''

'''Kako''': sorry, I am just messing with you.

'''Kinugasa''': Don't go sleeping on me you lazy cruiser. Anyways, what do you know?

'''Kako''': Well, the Secretary (Refers to Sazanami) has issued that no one will leave the base today.

'''Kinugase''': What!!!???

'''Kako''': Well, I guess she really wants the admiral to be alone for this time. Anyways, why are you crying?

'''Kinugasa''': I have a date with him tomorrow, I haven't told him on where we will meet... If he misses my meeting location, the next time we will have our date next month.

'''Kako''': wow. That sure is hard for you. Say, have you seen Furutaka? Because I nee... Zzz...

''Kinugasa slammed Kako on the Table as Kako tried to sleep it out.''

'''Kinugasa''': Don't go sleeping on me you sleepy head, how come you don't get fat at all?

'''Kako''': Heheh... because I want to show to Furutaka how fit I am despite sleeping too much.

'''Kinugasa''': ...

'''Kako''': Say, you still love the Admiral, Aren't you?

'''Kinugasa''': yes. I want to make him my partner in crime because I love him so much. I am so crazy for him.

'''Kako''': I see... But you know, If you don't show some skin... You will... Zzz...

''Kinugasa slammed Kako to the Table once more and Kako woke up.''

'''Kako''': Ouch, why are you so physical on me?

'''Kinugasa''': Because normal waking methods don't work on you, you sleepy cruiser.

'''Kako''': Anyways, You need to bare yourself.

'''Kinugasa''': Yeah. And I am hearing this from a girl who is wearing Sarashi and has an exposed tummy back then.

'''Kako''': You praise me too much. Anyways, where is Aoba?

'''Kinugasa''': Well, that girl is into trouble as we speak right now.

'''Kako''': That is so Aoba. Anyways, I guess Aoba is our Aoba despite being a human once.

'''Kinugasa''': I don't know about that.

'''Kako''': On the other hand, you are really not Kinugasa despite having that name. You need to be a bit suggestive.

'''Kinugasa''': okay...

'''Kako''': And then, when he has rekindled his dormant feelings that he had for you and you can pretty much assure that he is ready to eat you, attack him while he is attacking you.

'''Kinugasa''': Alright.

'''Kako''': And when you two get together, please tell him that rescue Furutaka too... Zzz...

''Kinugasa snapped after seeing Kako doze off. So, she carried Kako and she threw her into water and Kinugasa was surprised to see that Kako floats in the water while she is sleeping and not wearing her gear.''

''From there on the whole naval base calls Kako the Sleeping empress.''


==Kazagumo's task.==

'''''Kazagumo is eating on the rooftop while seeing the view that the Admiral is seeing.'''''

'''Kazagumo''': Hmm... This is not bad of a view at all.

''Kazagumo finishes eating her food when Yuugumo enters.''

'''Yuugumo''': Are you here Kazagumo-chan?

'''Kazagumo''': I am here nee-sama.

'''Yuugumo''': Good. By the way, are you friends with Maikaze right?

'''Kazagumo''': Yup. She is nice. She is too positive that I doubt that she ever feels down.

'''Yuugumo''': Oh. Maikaze, she is a bright girl. But, when she gets sad, it's hard for her to cheer herself up unless it was that special person who would cheer her.

'''Kazagumo''': really?

'''Yuugumo''': Yes. Because Maikaze-san is such a dumb kid, yet she is a very charming one of an Idiot. She is an Idiot who loves dancing and an idiot for loving the Admiral.

'''Kazagumo''': You sure don't hold back on your words aren't you?

'''Yuugumo''': well, that is the truth anyways. But, now there is a crisis on our side.

'''Kazagumo''': Really?

'''Yuugumo''': Normally, when he is present in this base, she is calm and happy. But due to his sudden vacation and not saying to her, she felt that she was betrayed by the man she trusts more than herself.

'''Kazagumo''': It's Maikaze, Isn't it?

'''Yuugumo''': Yes. By the way, she will be so down now, so I need you to get Nowaki to do something for her since she is her best friend and practically the one she will open up with.

'''Kazagumo''': What should I do when I get her?

'''Yuugumo''': Take this, and let Nowaki wear these.

'''Yuugumo '''pulled out a bag containing the clothes the Admiral wear.

'''Kazagumo''': But these are his clothes?

'''Yuugumo''': Actually, these are based on his clothes, only modified to be worn by a girl.

'''Kazagumo''': So you want Nowaki to dress up as him.

'''Yuugumo''': yes.

'''Kazagumo''': Is there a thing that I can help with Maikaze?

'''Yuugumo''': For now, there is none. But, if Maikaze is feeling better after that; then stay at her side.

'''Kazagumo''': Alright. You can count on me.

'''Yuugumo''': Do it quick. We have no more time to lose.

'''Kazagumo''': Okay.

''Kazagumo runs towards the Dance room to see Maikaze.''



'''Yuugumo''': If Kazagumo fails, I believe that I need to call the Admiral and force him to return here. Even if His mom stopped me at all costs.

''Yuugumo waits patiently on the results as she held the phone the Admiral has entrusted to her.''

'''Yuugumo''': (This phone can call him wherever he is even if there is no signal in that place. Truly convenient, and As the older sister of this base [actually, Sazanami is the oldest], I need to make sure that everything is alright while he is away.)


==Maikaze's sadness...==

''Maikaze is sitting inside the room alone.''

'''Maikaze''': The Admiral is not here... there is no need for me to go out. There is no need for me to move, I will only move when he is here.

''Maikaze murmurs to herself as she tries to cope up with her own depression.''

'''Maikaze''': He is not here anyways; I will wait for him until we dance. I'll punish him for not being absent for a day. I'll make him beg for my forgiveness... heheheh.

Maikaze is sitting inside the darkened room and the room was locked from the inside.

''Maikaze sees Nowaki who has been calling for her to go out of the room.''

'''Maikaze''': Nowacchi does not understand. Without him, I am useless; I can't dance at all... I am bound to have him as my partner. And since he is not here today, and he hasn’t said his goodbye to me. I'll sulk in the corner and wait for him to arrive.



Maikaze stood up a bit and she started dancing. There was no tune that was in play that time and Nowaki is trying to open the door to let Maikaze out of the room.

''Maikaze danced and danced until she grew tired to her own feeling of depression. A few minutes passed, she looked at the door and she saw that Nowaki is not there anymore.''

'''Maikaze''': Ah. Nowacchi has left me. I am a hopeless girl who has been consumed by her own desire.



''Maikaze sits on the floor and she started to cry because she misses the Admiral who has been absent.''

As she looks at the door; she saw a figure that was supposed to be out for that day, but is now here...

'''Maikaze''': ...

''Maikaze runs towards the door and let that person entered the dark room.''

''After that, Maikaze's depression vanished.''

==Nowaki's resolve.==

''Nowaki's is calling Maikaze who locked herself inside of the dark room.''

'''Nowaki''': Mai... Please don't be sad. I am sad too... but cheer up, you can cry to me. You can dance with me. Please let me in.

''Maikaze stood up and she started dancing and as Nowaki tries to open the door, Kazagumo arrived at the scene.''

'''Kazagumo''': Are you Nowaki-san? Yuugumo-nee told me to wear these clothes.

'''Nowaki''': Yuugumo? Oh. These are the Admiral's clothes?

'''Kazagumo''': Nope. These are the copies of the Admiral's clothes. It was modified to fit to a girl.

'''Nowaki''': I see...

'''Kazagumo''': Please, Save Maikaze-chan! I can't help her for now. Only you can take her out of that situation.

'''Nowaki''': I see... I'll do my best, where do i change?

'''Kazagumo''': well, since he is not here, you can change here. I'll just call Akagi-san to look if Kuro-san is around.

'''Nowaki''': Alright.

Nowaki removed her clothes and she wore the clothes and Kazagumo then embraced Nowaki.




'''Nowaki''': Kazagumo-san?

'''Kazagumo''': Don't mind me. I am surprised you looked like the Admiral if you are from afar. I just suddenly missed him.

'''Nowaki''': well then, since I kinda know how the Admiral speaks, I can probably convince her to cheer up.

'''Kazagumo''': Alright.

'''Nowaki''': can you let go of me now?

'''Kazagumo''': Sorry, it's a bad habit of mine whenever the Admiral allow me to do that.

'''Nowaki''': really? Wait, I better go now.

''Kazagumo lets go of Nowaki and Nowaki went to the front door once more to see that Maikaze sitting on the floor. She tried calling her once more and suddenly, Maikaze runs towards the door and she opened it and Nowaki was dragged inside by Maikaze who seemed to be overjoyed by the development.''

'''Nowaki''': Waahh... Mai... can you turn the lights on?

'''Maikaze''': Yes Admiral.

''Maikaze turn the lights on and then, Maikaze was surprised to see Nowaki is inside wearing the Admiral's clothes.''

'''Maikaze''': Nowacchi... you are such a meanie.

'''Nowaki''': Sorry. But I need to cheer you up.

'''Maikaze''': Anyways, since you made an effort to convince me you are the Admiral, I guess I'll listen to you today. Say Admiral (she is deliberately calling Nowaki the Admiral). Are you ready to get punished by me?

'''Nowaki''': I am ready, for I am such a fool to leave you behind without saying a single goodbye.

''Maikaze skipped a beat to hear Nowaki's reply.''

'''Maikaze''': So close... Okay, can you keep up?

'''Nowaki''': He might have been a better partner for you, but I am also capable of dancing to your tune.

'''Maikaze''': Then, catch up with me then.



Maikaze and Nowaki danced on the room without a music being played and as they tried to carry one another, Kazagumo who was outside for a while entered the dance floor and saw Maikaze's smile emanating to the room.

'''Kazagumo''': I guess this is mission accomplished.

''Kazagumo sat down and watched as Nowaki tries to catch up to Maikaze's pace but fails miserably.''



In the end, Nowaki fell to her knees as she is too tired from dancing. Maikaze sat down and she thanked Nowaki who worked hard for her.

'''Maikaze''': Thank you Admiral for keeping up with me.

'''Nowaki''': Thanks for the lesson for today.

'''Maikaze''': As a reward for keeping up with me.

''Maikaze kissed Nowaki's lips as a sign of thank you.''

'''Nowaki''': eh...

'''Maikaze''': Oh! I forgot its Nowacchi, sorry.

''Maikaze apologize to Nowaki who was a bit shocked.''

'''Nowaki''': ...

'''Maikaze''': Sorry If I stole your first kiss. I am deeply sorry.

'''Nowaki''': ...

'''Kazagumo''': Maikaze-chan, are you feeling better?

'''Maikaze''': Yes. Thanks for helping me.

'''Kazagumo''': You're welcome. Call me when you are finished dealing with Nowaki.

'''Maikaze''': Yup.

Kazagumo left the room and then Nowaki faints from the shock.

'''Maikaze''': Nowacchi!!!



''That night Nowaki punished Maikaze for kissing her in the lips.''



==Maya's and Choukai's bizarre day off.==

''Technically, Maya is outside the base because before the announcement was made, she and Choukai went out of the base to use their time to wander around the city.''

'''Maya''': But you know, it's not really knew that the Admiral left for a day without saying to us. But how come they make a big fuss over it?

'''Choukai''': I guess it's because we are near that point where we needed to see one another to feel at ease.

'''Maya''': That is just non-sense. Anyways, Do you think the Admiral will like these kind of clothes?

'''Choukai''': I guess so. But you sure show a lot of skin.

'''Maya''': well, I have to show him my good assets too. Also Choukai, why are you wearing clothes only an elderly would?

'''Choukai''': well...

'''Maya''': This is bad... How will the Admiral lookout for you if you are this unfashionable girl. and what's with these glasses, wear some contacts will ya?

'''Choukai''': well...

''Maya dragged Choukai towards the department store that sells fashionable clothes.''


''Maya stormed every nook and cranny of the store to let Choukai pick her own clothes. In the end Choukai chose 4 pairs of clothes and Choukai was forced by Maya to wear the most beautiful combination she ever made.''

'''Maya''': See... You look pretty lovely; you look like an elegant flower in bloom. While we are in it, let’s go change your glasses into contacts.

'''Choukai''': No!!!

'''Maya''': Why? Don't tell me it has sentimental value?

'''Choukai''': But if I don't have these glasses, the Admiral will not see me.

'''Maya''': well, that is somewhat true. Anyways, let us go there.

''Maya points out a store that sells glasses frame that is in style.''

'''Choukai''': Frames?

'''Maya''': You see, you wear these unfashionable glasses so I need to make your glasses a bit posh for you.

'''Choukai''': Thanks Maya-chan.

'''Maya''': better thank me if you have got the Admiral's hand.

'''Choukai''': okay.



''The two looked for frames for an hour and then Choukai immediately found her frames.''

'''Choukai''': Maya-chan. I found one.

'''Maya''': lemme see... Ah, it's just plain blue.

'''Choukai''': I can't wear the frames you recommend me at all.

'''Maya''': Well... Teehee...

'''Choukai''': Maya-chan, we are being serious here.

'''Maya''': well... Let's give it a try.

Choukai removed the lens of her old glasses and then she was surprised to see that it's a good match with her.

'''Maya''': Ooh...

'''Choukai''': I see...

''Then the two decided to let Choukai order the blue glass frame.''





''It was already late in the afternoon when they decide to take a photo of themselves.''

'''Maya''': Phew, anyways Choukai. Can you take a picture of me? And after that I'll take a picture of you.

'''Choukai''': Okay.

''Choukai took a photo of Maya and after that Maya took a photo of Choukai.''

''Maya then clicked a few strokes to the phone. Choukai is curious about Maya's disposition so she asked her.''

'''Choukai''': What are you doing?

'''Maya''': I am saving this as a single photo.

'''Choukai''': I see...

'''Maya''': and then... Send!

''Maya send the picture to the recipient that was listed on the phone.''

'''Choukai''': Send? Wait, to whom?

''Choukai managed to grab Maya's phone and as she saw the recipient's name, she grew pale.''



'''Maya''': If I don't do that, there’s no way he will ever know that we exist.

'''Choukai''': Yup... But why the Admiral? We could have transferred it to his phone when he is back.

'''Maya''': Because you can't send it anyways when he returned back to the base. He will be too occupied by Sazanami anyway.

'''Choukai''': I know...

''Maya received a reply from the Admiral.''



 '''[Re: Our Photos]'''
 
 From: Hiro Raven - HiroRaven@kanmail.net
 To: Maya - MayaTakao03@kanmail.net; Choukai - ChoukaiTakao04@kanmail.net
 
 Subject: Our Photos
 
 I loved how you two looked from the photos, say, are you two out of the base
 right now, can I ask you a favor to come to my house. It's pretty near to that
 park. Just look for a big house. And It had a raven statues in the gate.
 
 I will be waiting for your arrival
 
 
 P.S.
 Was that Choukai? She looked so different and yet she is very beautiful. 
 Maya, good job!


'''Maya''': He wants us to go to his domain?

'''Choukai''': You mean his house?

'''Maya''': Yup. But I have a bad feeling about this.

'''Choukai''': Me too. It feels like someone is watching over us since the time we entered the clothes store.

'''Maya''': shall we trap her?

'''Choukai''': Alright.

''The two walked a bit far and then they immediately split in an intersection.''

'''???: '''Hmm!?



''The pursuer then chased Maya as she tries to catch up to her but she was then grabbed from behind by Choukai.''

'''Choukai''': Maya-chan, we got her.

'''Maya''': Good Choukai. Anyways, who are you? What do you want from us?

'''???: '''I see... Hiro taught you well.

'''Maya''': How did you know his name?

'''Choukai''': ufufufu... Because; I am his Big sister.  '''[Vibration]'''

Choukai loses her grip on the mysterious girl and then she immediately neutralize Choukai in an instant by putting her finger on Choukai's head.

'''Choukai''': What...

Choukai fells down.

'''Maya''': what did you do?

'''???: '''You see I pushed a nerve on her head and then she loses the drive to fight. It seems that my silly little brother wanted to deliver something, so I just going to hinder the mailmen so that by delaying it, the package would be rendered useless in the end.

'''Maya''': Damn! (With Choukai down, I can't fight this girl since I didn't learn to defend myself at all.)



Then as things got desperate the man of the hour arrives.

'''Hiro''': Nee-sama, what are you doing to my guests?

'''???: '''Oh, the knight is here already. I guess it's time over.

'''Hiro''': Nee-sama, Mom told me that you have to comply to the rules since I win.

'''???: '''Tch. When did you start winning?

'''Hiro''': when you are still in your long slumber. Anyways Maya, can you tell me what happened to Choukai?

'''Maya''': She neutralized her in a single pinch in the head.

'''Hiro''': I see... Nee-sama, please tell me where did you pinch her. I'll wake her up.

'''???: '''Okay.



''The Admiral and the mysterious girl worked together and then Choukai woke up as if she was sleeping all these time.''

'''Choukai''': Admiral!!!

'''Hiro''': It's Hiro on the outside. Anyways, how was Nee-sama's battle stance?

'''Choukai''': it was way better than your stance.

'''Hiro''': Figures. Anyways, this little girl, who looks like someone on her teens, is actually older than me she is Karen, My older sister.

'''Karen''': I am Karen. Nice meeting you. Say, where is Sazanami-chan?

'''Maya''': She is in the naval base.

'''Karen''': Figures.

'''Maya''': So what is the reason why you stalked us?

'''Karen''': Because I was challenged this guy that he will not make it when I attacked you two. I played passively so that when you caught me, it's the end of the game. Well... I was shocked that I need to shake off megane-chan here because her grip is hard to remove.

'''Maya''': So, it means you went easy on us?

'''Karen''': Nope. I just underestimated that girl, looks like she is truly in love. I know you can't fight back. Was it because you didn't learn it at all? You know, all girls need to learn how to protect themselves because this idiot brother of mine is too dense.

'''Hiro''': Nee-sama, Stop hazing me in front of them. Asides, as promised, bring us to that place.

'''Karen''': Fine. Hiro, please Bring Samidare and Sazanami next time. I can definitely know who they are based on the scent they had on your clothes.

'''Hiro''': !!!

'''Choukai''': Admiral, Sorry If I passed out that fast.

'''Hiro''': Actually, I am proud that you held her for a bit longer since she can literally knock someone after a second and managed her to use a skill. That is enough.

'''Choukai''': Thanks.

'''Hiro''': Can you stand?

'''Choukai''': Yup.

'''Hiro''': Then Let me help you a bit. Nee-sama, Maya, let's prepare for our departure.

'''Karen''': Fine.

'''Maya''': Okay.

'''Hiro''': Okay Choukai. One, two... go!!!

The Admiral pulled Choukai up and then Choukai fixed herself up and the 4 went to their destination.


==Kasumi's discovery.==

''That Night, Kasumi Browsed to the files the Admiral has placed, she noticed a big folder in the end part of the shelf.''


'''Kasumi''': Well then, what do we have here...

Kasumi opened the folder and she saw a clippings of a destroyer in it's original form.

'''Kasumi''': These files... I saw them on a book in the library. and This ship... it's somewhat familiar... It feels like I am seeing myself.

Kasumi Browsed to the folder and saw a proposal made by the Admiral.


 Since Kasumi is a successful Destroyer in the old world, 
 she deserves a second remodel to make count of her success.


'''Kasumi''': The Admiral... he is planning on taking care of me all along? What a fool I am...

''Kasumi fell to her knees knowing the truth about the Admiral's desire to make her friends witht he whole naval base.''

'''Kasumi''': Looks like I am too indebted to him if this continues...

''Kasumi continues to browse the pages and see the proposed remodel has been approved and was in progress.''

'''Kasumi''': So I am going to get my second remodel soon. I better not let him down. Ah... I think I have fallen for him.

''Kasumi closed the file and she placed it back to the shelf and she started sighing.''

''As she looks back on the days she and the Admiral has spent back then.''

''Kasumi pulled out a black ribbon on her pocket and she tied it on her hair.''

'''Kasumi''': Not bad at all; Admiral, I wished Michishio is also here to celebrate my second remodel. Because you two made me feel like I am not alone. Thanks Hiro-san, Thanks for rescuing me.



Kasumi slept on the Admiral's desk as she holds the ribbon that the Admiral has given to him.


==Sazanami's recovery==

''Later that night,  Sazanami has been cure of her headache. She went out to the office only to find a sleeping Kasumi in sight. Sazanami immediately left the room and went to the rooftop to see the things that happened outside.''

''Sazanami was then greeted by a teary eyed Samidare who came out with Suzukaze in tow.''

'''Samidare''': is your headache gone?

'''Sazanami''': Yup. Say, what happened to Suzukaze?

'''Samidare''': Well, she fell asleep while listening to the complaints. Well I pretty much cried until I drop

'''Sazanami''': Sorry about that Samidare-san.

'''Samidare''': I know that you really don't mean it. It's just that I am just a second special person for the Admiral.

'''Sazanami''': Anyways. I heard that he will ask you for a date this Valentine, have you heard?

'''Samidare''': No... Wait! Me as his Date!? Why not you?

'''Sazanami''': Honestly, He said that he will make up with me later that evening. So I think You need to spend more time with him. I respected you so much that I want to share Master with you.

'''Samidare''': Really... Thanks Sazanami-chan.

''Samidare immediately glomps Sazanami as Sazanami tries to brush off Samidare.''



'''Sazanami''': Samidare-san, you are somewhat a kid nowadays.

'''Samidare''': well, Suzukaze has done a great job in keeping me in check. Afterall, we are probably the same person afterall.

'''Sazanami''': I know. Say Samidare, Has master said something to you while he was talking to you?

'''Samidare''': Well, he told me to support you. But In the end Kasumi-chan did it all.

'''Sazanami''': That girl. She is strong.

'''Samidare''': I know. I envy her strength.

'''Sazanami''': So, are we in agreement?

'''Samidare''': Yes. I'll allow her to be with the Admiral. Because I know she will be happy for that.

'''Sazanami''': Yeah. I liked her cheekiness. It reminds me of our Princess Murakumo.

'''Samidare''': I know. She is this dishonest girl who wants to be pampered by our Admiral.

'''Sazanami''': Yup.

'''Samidare''': I'll be going to my room now to sleep. I'll carry Suzukaze there too.

'''Sazanami''': I'll be going up to look at the stars. By the way, did Maya-san and Choukai-san returned to base already?

'''Samidare''': Yup. They are carrying a package and they said it's for Kinugasa-san.

'''Sazanami''': oh. Her date is tomorrow. I'll not interfere in their date.

'''Samidare''': Are you sure?

'''Sazanami''': Because I will be borrowing Kumano's rifle.

'''Samidare''': ...

'''Sazanami''': Just joking. I can pretty much know what will happen when something happens to both of them.

'''Samidare''': Alright. Goodnight

'''Sazanami''': Goodnight, Samidare.



''Samidare went to her room and finally slept.''

Sazanami went to the rooftop to see the view of the night.




'''Sazanami''': Master, I hope I can see you tomorrow.

She sat at the chair and didn't slept that night.



==His Return==

''It was already 5 in the morning when he arrived in the naval base. The base was foggy and there was no person in plain sight.''

<br />''The Admiral opened the gate and he was greeted by a shadow hiding in the darkness.''

'''Shadow''': Good Morning Admiral.

'''Hiro''': You are still awake?

'''Shadow''': Well, I am just waiting for you too just like Jintsuu and the rest. Oh, Kasumi did a great job yesterday when Sazanami is down with a headache.

'''Hiro''': I see, Say, where is Sazanami: I can sense her?

'''Shadow''': She is resting in the rooftop. She is patiently waiting for your arrival. I must admit, she is a strong girl also.

'''Hiro''': Sorry for making you look for them, you can sleep now. I'll be handling the duty as of today.

'''Shadow''': Alright.

''The shadow revealed herself as Sendai and she stretched her arms as if she is getting ready to sleep at any moment.''

'''Sendai''': Admiral, How's home?

'''Hiro''': Well, it's fine. My nee-sama is awake now so I expect trouble would stir once more. But nevertheless, I got the answers I needed.

'''Sendai''': I see. Say, I heard that Maya and Choukai went to your Domain? What did they do?

'''Hiro''': Oh. I have a date later this afternoon, so I asked them to prepare something for me inside this base.

'''Sendai''': I see. Admiral, what can you say About Jintsuu?

'''Hiro''': Jintsuu? Hmm... I guess she is reserved and has a calm demeanor. But, when in times of urgency, she really brings out her best. Sendai, why did you ask?

'''Sendai''': I see... so that's how you appraise Jintsuu. Nevermind Admiral, I just want to know if you two are compati...

''Sendai faints...''

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Jintsuu''': Forgive me for doing this nee-san. But I don't want you to spill the beans.

'''Hiro''': Jintsuu, what do you mean spilling the beans?

''Jintsuu blushed and she immediately runs away from the Admiral.''

'''Hiro''': Hmm... I guess I can say that it's not the red string of fate this time around.



''The Admiral immediately went to his office and he saw Kasumi sleeping in his desk. The admiral removed his Jacket and he put it over Kasumi's sleeping figure.''
'''Hiro''': (whispers) Good job Kasumi. I will need your help soon. So please be strong.

''The Admiral took out a blanket from the drawers and he went to the rooftop to see his lover who was patiently waiting for his arrival.''





''Meanwhile, Sazanami who was still awake at the moment started feeling the chill.''

'''Sazanami''': (shivers) Master sure is running late, I she planning to go home at the evening to surprise me?

''As Sazanami ponders, a figure emerged from the door and that person immediately covers Sazanami's eyes.''

'''Sazanami''': Eh!!?? Ushio-chan, why are you playing with me?

''The person didn't say anything.''

'''Sazanami''': I see... So I need to do this by force.

''Sazanami then removed the hands and she looked back to see the person she was waiting for has ben palting with her.''

'''Hiro''': Yo! I heard that you are waiting for my arrival?

'''Sazanami''': ...

''Sazanami blushes to see the Admiral she was waiting for stood right in front of her. She then whacked the Admiral due to her embarrassment.''

'''Sazanami''': Master, what took you so long!? This slave of yours has been patiently waiting for your arrival. Please repent your ways.

'''Hiro''': Ouch. You know what? I missed that side of yours. Can I touch you over and over again?

'''Sazanami''': Well... I don't mind.

'''Hiro''': Well... even though I want to touch you this much... I still have a date today.

'''Sazanami''': (pouts) Master, after you arrive from here... You will go away to date someone else.

'''Hiro''': Well, It's our agreement Sazanami. Kino is someone we really can't avoid dealing with in the future.

'''Sazanami''': Yup. Anyways, I heard that Choukai-san and Maya went to your home, what did you made them do?

'''Hiro''': Well... I asked them to prepare our dinner spot.

'''Sazanami''': I see... So today, you are Kinugasa's date.

'''Hiro''': Sorry if I can't be with you today.

'''Sazanami''': Well, I don't mind it. For as long as you will return to me the next day. Also, Please let me remind you that I am fine to whatever shenanigans you two do. I'll allow it.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Sazanami''': But in return... You'll have to do it to me too.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Sazanami''': For now, let's be together until Kinugasa borrows you.

'''Hiro''': Yes, my slave and my princess.

'''Sazanami''': Can you please drop that slave part... I am kinda...

'''Hiro''': As you wish, my princess...

''The two looked at each other and then as they try to feel one another... a person came to disrupt their alone time.''

'''Kazagumo''': Aaahhh... Sazanami-san, why are you monopolizing Him!!!

'''Sazanami''': Damn it... Kazagumo, this is the first time I heard that you woke up this early, Any reason I want to hear.

'''Kazagumo''': Well... I want to wait for the Admiral's arrival, but I saw his coat in the office (which was laid over the Sleeping Kasumi), so I assumed that he is here looking at the sunrise, but I saw this scene where the Admiral is saying Cheesy lines to his 'Princess'. It infuriates me that he does not say this to me at all...

'''Sazanami''': Heheheh... It only means that I am more important that you.

'''Kazagumo''': Ganununununu!!!

'''Hiro''': ...

''Kazagumo then steps forward to get the Admiral's arm and Sazanami immediately grabbed one of his arms.''

'''Kazagumo''': Admiral, Please tell me that I am your Princess too...

'''Sazanami''': Master, Please tell that girl that you are not needed.

'''Hiro''': wait!!!

'''Sazanami and Kazagumo''': !?

''the two stopped bickering at one another.''

'''Hiro''': Let's see... Sazanami, can you turn back a bit?

'''Sazanami''': Why me?

'''Hiro''': because I need to satisfy this lady too..

'''Sazanami''': ...

'''Hiro''': Nevermind. I changed my mind...

'''Kazagumo''': wait... what happened!? I want to know what happened.

'''Sazanami''': So Master, what do you want me to do? I want to kiss you so much...

'''Kazagumo''': Admiral, I missed you so much. Please do whatever you want to me.

'''Sazanami''': ...

'''Kazagumo''': ...



''Suddenly, Samidare arrives at the scene.''

'''Samidare''': EHEM!!! You two are so noisy; everyone was waiting for the two of you to finish arguing.

'''Hiro''': I knew it....

''Samidare opened the door and behind the door are the gossiping ship-girls who are watching the cat-fight.''

'''Sazanami''': Eeehh...

'''Kazagumo''': Since when?

'''Samidare''': Actually, they all heard it when you two are arguing.

'''Hiro''': How about you?

''Samidare blushes.''

'''Hiro''': (facepalms)

'''Sazanami''': Oh well, let's get back to work. And everyone who were gossiping on us; Please join me in the morning Calisthenics. Kazagumo and Samidare, Join me too.

'''Samidare''': Alright.

'''Kazagumo''': Eehh... oh well.

''All of the peanut gallery plus Sazanami, Samidare and Kazagumo left the rooftop and the Admiral was left alone.''



''In the shadows a figure appeared with her blood lust eyes in effect.''

'''Hiro''': Naka...

'''Naka''': Admiral. Welcome back...

'''Hiro''': So what is the news as of today?

'''Naka''': Well, I heard that our operations will start in the tenth day of the 2nd month.

'''Hiro''': I see. Naka, why are your eyes red today?

'''Naka''': I met with trouble on the way, but I managed to eliminate them all.

'''Hiro''': I see... so there are still few resistance left.

'''Naka''': Yes Admiral. Also, Admiral Ralph told me that Goodluck on your Love affairs.

'''Hiro''': Oh. That guy, he is more of a dad than my dad...

'''Naka''': Say, what did he meant with that?

'''Hiro''': Well... I shared him my curse that I got from my dad.

'''Naka''': I see. Anyways, I need to go. Since I have no work today, I might consider doing the day patrols few hours from now. Can I do the patrol?

'''Hiro''': Alright. But keep your eyes checked.

'''Naka''': Alright.

''Naka's bloodlust suddenly vanished and she went back to her room.''



The admiral immediately stretched himself to the sun as he was doing a 'praise the sun' routine. The admiral left the rooftop to start a new day full of chaos.


==Omake: The Vampire Admiral's shenanigans.==

''In a base adjacent to the Raven's base; there was a big castle that was magically constructed inside the naval district.''
''The Admiral of the said naval base is a foreigner of some sorts, but he was fluent on many languages. Some claimed that he is some kind of a prince of a faraway land but he never disclosed his true nationality.''

But, as of late; it seems that he is trying to attract something normal into his life, only to get special ship.

''What others do not know; that the Admiral is a Vampire. But nowadays, he is seen walking in the sun as if he is embracing the sun.''

''This is a story of Admiral Ralph, A Vampire Admiral.''



'''Ralph''': (sigh) I wonder why I got so many special ships?

'''Fubuki''': Well, It only means that your luck is extraordinary Commander!

'''Ralph''': (sigh) Anyways, But due to this Luck I can't even get Hatsutuki. [you can get Miyuki and Shirayuki via quests]

'''Fubuki''': Well...

'''Ralph''': Anyways, where is Raven's Isonami-san?

'''Fubuki''': Isonami? Well, she went out for today to look at the property.

'''Ralph''': The hill? Oh well, I better wait for her since I can't communicate properly to a pure bred Oujo-sama.

'''Fubuki''': !?

'''Ralph''': Anyways, how is the expedition team?

'''Fubuki''': our Expedition teams have arrived a while ago and they got tons of resources as always. Commander, it seems your luck is too high.

'''Ralph''': Yeah, So high that I can't get normal ships. All I ever build are rare ships and when I did my LSC, I always get tons of Musashi and Yamato while I was aiming for a single Maruyu. By the way, does a Mogami-class cruiser exist? I never got them anyways.

'''Fubuki''': they exist. Afterall, Admiral Hiro has a set of them in his base.

'''Ralph''': Sometimes, I wonder if Normal Luck Is all I need to get everything.

'''Fubuki''': But by having this [devil's luck], we can pretty much get great ship drops.

'''Ralph''': well that's true.



''As the two speaks there was a big commotion that was happening in front of them.''

'''Ralph''': Well, this is a bit messy. Please do something Fubuki.

'''Fubuki''': Alright.

Fubuki then immediately whacks everyone who was making the commotion and they all return to their peaceful state.

'''Ralph''': Thanks a lot.

'''Fubuki''': You are welcome.

'''Ralph''': everyone! Can I get your attention!?

'''All''': hmm... (What do you think is he going to say?)

'''Ralph''': Say, what levels are all of you?

''The peanut gallery has said their levels to the Admiral and after that, they were dismissed and was ordered to do their Expedition work.''

''In the end, there are only 4 ship girls that remained.''
'''FubukI''': let's see, we had Zuikaku-san who is now a armored Carrier and Shoukau-san who is also an Armored Carrier. Then we had Isokaze-san who was at her 90s. And lastly, we had this prided German Battleship named Bismarck.

'''Ralph''': Fubuki, what are their levels?

'''Fubuki''': well the cranes are at 93. Isokaze-san is in level 90 and Bismarck-san is 98.

'''Ralph''': I see. You four, you can go back and do your work.

'''All''': Yes sir!!!

''The remaining four left the admiral's room, the only people left was Fubuki and Ralph.''



'''Ralph''': I forgot to ask, what is your level Fubuki?

'''Fubuki''': me? Well, I just hit 99 yesterday.

'''Ralph''': 99? Wait, you are now 99!?

'''Fubuki''': Yup! Commander, I am a level 99 destroyer today.

'''Ralph''': I see. I am so neglectful nowadays. I bet Hiro is laughing at me now when he sees me in this sorry state.

'''Fubuki''': By the way Commander, You seemed to be close to the Admiral Raven. What is the reason?

'''Ralph''': He is my godson. Basically, His dad and I were buddies from long time ago.

'''Fubuki''': Long time?

'''Ralph''': Oh!?

'''Fubuki''': what do you mean long time... Ah. Could it be? That you are actually an old guy?



''Ralph fell to his knees as he heard Fubuki's careless remarks.''

'''Fubuki''': Commander, I am just... wait commander, why do you have fangs?

'''Ralph''': Fubuki, I should have said this to you a long, long time ago.

'''Fubuki''': Like what? Don't tell me... Everyone knew this already? Even Shirayuki-chan and Miyuki-chan? Even Isonami-san knows this too?

'''Ralph''': Yes. Well, Isonami is a different case. Because she knew what is my nature based on her Admiral's instructions.

'''Fubuki''': I see.

'''Ralph''': By the way Fubuki, I better tell this to you since you are the one who stayed with me since day one. Fubuki, I am a vampire.

'''Fubuki''': Oh, That one. I knew it already.

'''Ralph''': Eh... But when?

'''Fubuki''': Well... I tasted your tea and It tasted like blood. So I think I might infer that you are a vampire. Plus Sazanami-san from that base came to this base once carrying a garlic necklace and wooden stakes as if she was hunting a vampire.

'''Ralph''': I see. By the way, I have one more confession.

'''Fubuki''': Eh... wait; don't tell me that this one is different?

'''Ralph''': Fubuki, even if you didn't say that you are lvl 99 as of today, I do plan on marrying you.

'''Fubuki''': Eh!? You liked me and you are going to marry me?

'''Ralph''': Yup. Actually, I decided already since day 1 that I will get you.

'''Fubuki''': Commander... That is a bit...

'''Ralph''': Well, I do plan on saying everything once I got the courage to do so.

'''Fubuki''': I see... that is why you are so gentle to me. Commander, what did you see in me that made me want you?

'''Ralph''': Well... you are the most normal thing that came to my life full of special things. I feel that your existence is more special than the special things that came to me.

'''Fubuki''': Really...?

'''Ralph''': Fubuki... I really liked your hardworking attitude. I can see your shine more than the special things that I have in my life.

''Fubuki blushed after hearing his confession.''



'''Ralph''': Fubuki... Can you be my only girl?

'''Fubuki''': Yes Commander. I'll forever follow you.

Then Isonami entered the Admiral's office. The two were dumbfounded as they saw Isonami waltzing inside of the room.

'''Isonami''': Say, did I entered at the worst time possible?

'''Ralph''': ...

'''Fubuki''': ...

'''Isonami''': I better go for now and Report to Hiro-sama, you two... Continue whatever you two are doing.

'''Fubuki''': Wait...!

'''Ralph''': Fubuki, Catch her!!!

''Isonami immediately run away from Fubuki who was chasing her.''

Fubuki gasped for air as she misses her target.

'''Fubuki''': what's with her stamina? Does all ship-girls that came from Admiral Hiro were all these crazily broken in one way or the other.

'''Ralph''': Well, it it's him... Everyone should have a crazy thing their good at.

'''Fubuki''': Say, what is it what is it that you want to say to me?

'''Ralph''': Please live with me until eternity...

'''Fubuki''': Yes.

'''Ralph''': YES!!!

''The two became an official couple that day.''



''Meanwhile, Isonami was making a call to the Admiral.''

'''Isonami''': Hello Hiro-sama... I got news to say.

'''Hiro''': What is it?

'''Isonami''': Admiral Ralph proposed to Fubuki-san!!!

'''Hiro''': Wow. He finally did it!

'''Isonami''': Yup. Say, will you do that...

''the line was dropped.''

'''Isonami''': EEhhh...

The phone rang. Isonami answers her phone.

'''Isonami''': hello!!!

'''Hiro''': Isana, Thanks for helping me in my management of that property.

'''Isonami''': Thanks Hiro-sama. I heard that you have found Kazagumo-san.

'''Hiro''': Yup. I was reminded of you whenever she attacks me.

'''Isonami''': Say, you missed me too right?

'''Hiro''': Without a doubt.

'''Isonami''': Then it’s fine for me now to hold at this feeling. Unlike Sazanami who is insecure. I can patiently wait for your answer.

'''Hiro''': Sorry for not relying at all.

'''Isonami''': It's fine. I know that you are still not ready.

'''Hiro''': Anyways, tell Admiral Ralph congratulations on his part. I'll visit him some time.

'''Isonami''': Roger.

''Isonami then heard the line was cut.''



'''Isonami''': Silly him. There no way I'll be fine when I am away from him.

''Isonami went back to the naval base to deliver her Admiral's message.''

-end
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]