==Prologue:==

Kamikaze and the Admiral are currently walking all around the base to check for supplies to see if there is a miss on the inventory count or if someone has been stealing stuff from the supplies, but as far as the Admiral is concerned, there are just few people who would actually do that while he is not looking.

Kamikaze: Anyways, is there a reason for us to look around?<br />Hiro: Nothing really. But you know, I haven’t heard much from you. So, I decided to tag you along to know something.<br />Kamikaze: I see…

Kamikaze’s red face was apparent as she hasn’t spoken that much to the Admiral, now that she has a reason to speak with him, she didn’t know what to say.

Hiro: Kamikaze, do you have a fever or something?<br />Kamikaze: no Admiral… it’s just that… It’s been a long time since we have talked to one another. I don’t know what to say at all.<br />Hiro: Well, why not say that you miss me?<br />Kamikaze: …

Kamikaze didn’t put her words into order at that time, instead of stuttering to say that, she gently wrapped her arms around the Admiral and she kisses his lips like it was a natural thing for her to do. Soon, Kamikaze’s bashfulness slightly vanishes and she said the words that she wanted to say to the Admiral.

Kamikaze: Hiro-san, I miss you.<br />Hiro: I miss you too. But can you not call me by my name. We are still at the base after all.<br />Kamikaze: Sorry. But…

Kamikaze grabs the Admiral’s arm and she embraces it as if she owns it.<br />Kamikaze: Since you have sincerely asked me out for a date (walk around the base), I might as well be your escort for just this time.<br />Hiro: Well, I do not hate this development but…

As the two were talking, they were currently at the hallways to where some ship-girls were walking around and when they saw Kamikaze grabbed the Admiral’s arm some of them want to do it too…

Kamikaze: It’s fine…<br />Hiro: No, it isn’t.

And the two just walked out of the hallway as Kamikaze still clings on his arm. Later on, rumors about Kamikaze and the Admiral were openly flirting around the base has spread but the two didn’t get bothered by it in the end.<br />



==Aquila and Graf==

Aquila has been assigned to the naval base after she was rescued by the fleet on their European operation. As of now, she is sharing a room with Graf and much to her delight, she always sleeps beside her comrade who is the same as her.

Morning came and the usual norm is that Aquila wakes up first and starts the day by preparing herself to wake Graf Zeppelin along the way.

Aquila: Good Morning.<br />Graf: Good Morning. Anyways…<br />Graf looks around and she saw that everything looks fine in the end, but even so…

Aquila: Is there a matter?<br />Graf: Say, why do you always sleep beside me? The bed wasn’t made for the two of us and we barely have space to move around.<br />Aquila: Oh that. Don’t worry. I’ll ask the Admiral about an extension of space on Graf’s bed.<br />Graf: That’s not it… but why do you want to sleep beside me? I am not really good at dealing with people anyways. I am not Prinz Eugen who is always cheerful and I am not Ro-500 who is cute and charming.<br />Aquila: Because, you are you. I like the way you awkwardly making the ends meet whenever we are having a conversation to one another. Asides, when you are dealing with the Admiral, I always see a side of you that you don’t really show even to me. I want to know more about Graf-san so…<br />Graf: Wait… I think you are slowly becoming a certain lesbian inside the base.<br />Aquila: Who cares. Graf-san, do you hate me?<br />Aquila’s eyes were pleading as she charms Graf with her eyes.

Graf: I do not… hate you.<br />Aquila: Then, the feeling is mutual.<br />Graf: Wait… not now. It’s still early…

Aquila embraces Graf to show her happiness over Graf’s revelation. Graf looked embarrassed as Aquila continues to embrace her and she is even more embarrassed since she was still haven’t got dressed up due to the fact that Aquila didn’t get her time to get dressed.

Aquila: Anyways, you seem to be tolerant of me now. Back then, you just shove me away.<br />Graf: I can’t really do that to a friend now. Afterall…<br />Aquila: I see… Thanks.

Aquila lets go of Graf and she started to prep up once again while Graf started to dress up for her mission. Right now, she was asked to fish the area around the northern seas so, she can’t afford to get late to the morning ceremony.

Graf: I better take my leave now. See you later then.<br />Aquila: Take care then~.

Graf takes her leave and Aquila stayed behind as she finished dressing herself up. Deep in Aquila’s mind, she wanted that someday she can sortie with Graf now. But that would happen in the near future.<br />



==The Sun==

Taiyou looks at the sky as she currently sorties with Little League. The Little League is the fleet name of her and the Destroyer Escorts and their main duty is to make sure that they clean up the submarine park monthly. But even so, this point of time where the submarine infested map, it was filled with treasure that the Admiral wanted to have, Mackerel.

Taiyou: Saury fishing… It feels like we are going to be at this place for quite a long time.<br />Next to her is Kunashiri, the 2nd In command but she is acting more of a leader than Taiyou who happens to be the leader of the team.

Kunashiri: How is your end, Taiyou-san?<br />Taiyou: It’s clear. No fishes at the area.<br />Kunashiri: Dammit. We will return empty handed as always.<br />Taiyou: Say, do you enjoy this?<br />Kunashiri: If it wasn’t a task, I wouldn’t even bother fishing. However…

Kunashiri remembers the face of the admiral as he prostrated to Kunashiri just to get her into fishing as well.

Kunashiri: In the end, I can’t say no to the Commander.<br />Taiyou: oh. But you know, even if he didn’t do that, you’ll say yes, right?<br />Kunashiri: Kinda…<br />Soon, Etorofu and Shimushu called the two to return back to base to ressuply.


Taiyou remembers the time when she finally got her remodel after the Admiral decided to send her on a rather unusual training method. The Admiral was happy that he has finally remodeled Taiyou into a more stable escort light carrier who can do Pre-emptive Anti-Submarine Warfare.

As she has realized, it was way too easy for her to do the Submarine operations now that she doesn’t even have to attack at all (unless certain conditions, but that’s pretty rare for her anyways). In the end, whenever their fleet detected enemy submarines from afar, she’ll just shoot them down before they even know what hit them.

But that left her heart a bit hollow, it felt everything went too easy for her after that, it felt that once things got slightly easier… she might get neglected in the end, that’s why…

Taiyou: Admiral, what would happen once I hit my maximum capability?

Taiyou storms into the admiral’s office after resupplying to ask the admiral about few things.<br />Hiro: Then, if I will continue to send you to battle.<br />Taiyou: Won’t I just be nothing more than a dead weight in the end?<br />Hiro: No, you’re not.<br />Taiyou: Tell me why?<br />Hiro: Once you have reached that limit, I will acquire an item for you to break free from that shackles. Of course, you know what I mean, right?<br />Taiyou: Yes.

A smile was written on Taiyou’s face as she heard about the limit breaking item. Afterall, it’s what the majority of the fleet wanted from the Admiral. But only few have it as of the moment.

Taiyou: Admiral, Thank you. I’ll be waiting then.<br />Hiro: Yes. Please do you best from hereon.<br />Taiyou: I will…

And Taiyou left the office with a big smile on her face as she skips towards the Little League who was waiting for her arrival. After that, they head back to the submarine infested waters.<br />



==The Autumn Moon==

Akizuki is currently looking at the moon while jogging underneath the moonlight. It was her training regime since they are busy on the day and the only time she can do such things is during at night time when only a few people do sorties.

Right now, the chill autumn air blow on her face as it permeates through her jogging attire which covered much what it is needed cover without sacrificing mobility and comfort. Thus, it was a perfect attire for her at a time like this.

Akizuki: Huff! Puff! So much to do in so little time. I wonder if I should have dinner by now? But the two haven’t called me yet. I guess I can go one more round.

And as Akizuki decided on her own on what course of action she should take next, a peculiar girl enters the field and started running with her. It was a girl she knows well and is feared among the rest. But, despite her somewhat unsociable attitude, the girl really is nothing more than a cute creature.

Mikazuki: Exercising at this time of the hour?<br />Akizuki: Yeah. What about you?

Mikazuki is around the area due to the fact that it’s her patrol time. Of course, Akizuki knows that but as a courtesy, she just asks that question for her to know Mikazuki.

Mikazuki: I am just doing night patrols. I remember that the Admiral told me to guard this area because there are few people who are enjoying making a fuss whenever the night comes in.<br />Akizuki: I see…. Well, Sendai-san isn’t half bad of a person herself.<br />Mikazuki: Indeed. I have fought with her a lot of times, I can tell she is not bad, she is just a night battle idiot.<br />Akizuki: Is that so. Anyways, Mikazuki-chan, can you tell me something about yourself? Well you know me already, right? But I have no idea who you are.<br />Mikazuki: I do not know much about you. You flatter me too much.<br />Akizuki: But I am just a normal girl who happens to have experienced poverty back then… rather, our past selves. Anyways, right now… I am nothing more than a simple, average girl you can see around the base. I am not like you or Sazanami-san who were trained to protect themselves.<br />Mikazuki: But the Commander did consider taking you back then.<br />Akizuki: Is that so? I see…<br />Mikazuki: Well, just do your best then. Of course, I will do my best too.

Akizuki smiled as she heard few things about Mikazuki and then she decided to sit it down to totally listen to Mikazuki speaking. It would be rude for her to continue running while talking.

Mikazuki: I am not an ordinary ship-girl that were rescued on sorties. I was once a young girl too… until one day, our home was attacked by the abyssal. Almost all of the people were killed and when they were about to attack me, something inside me started to awaken and I managed to protect myself. But of course, one Destroyer can’t hold the fort on her own so I was prepared to die until…<br />Akizuki: …The Admiral arrived along with his entourage.<br />Mikazuki: Correct. Anyways, he arrived with Uzuki and Yayoi in tow and the three of them managed to repel the enemy force. After that, the Admiral looked at me and he offered his hand asking me if I still have a place that I can return to.<br />Akizuki: Did you answer him?<br />Mikazuki: Yes. But I wanted to stay there back then…<br />Akizuki: Then why are you here with us now?<br />Mikazuki: After I decided to stay, he ordered Uzuki and Yayoi to build some tent so that he can stay with me for a while. After that, another wave of abyssal attacked us and this time, the Admiral alone decided to show us what he can do… even though he is not a ship-girl himself.<br />Akizuki: Wait. The Admiral can fight against abyssals?<br />Mikazuki: When he fulfilled a certain condition, it gives him a power equivalent to a battleship to fight against the abyssal.<br />Akizuki: I see… then why…<br />Mikazuki: Right now, he can’t fulfill one requirement of that. That’s why all he can do is to stall time. Of course, he can still injure them at some point. But, Sazanami-san told the Admiral not to do that again.<br />Akizuki: Why?<br />Mikazuki: Have you heard of the term ‘one-man army’?<br />Akizuki: Yes. What’s with it?<br />Mikazuki: Of all the secrets the army has over the past few years; one name made a big impact on every nation, allied or not. The name Raven is simply known as the only true one-man army since he has the ability to totally annihilate a battalion in a single attack. I didn’t believe it at first but…<br />Akizuki: But…<br />Mikazuki: when I asked him to spar with him without any limitations, after Sazanami tossed the coin, I find myself already on the defensive and when the coin hits the ground, I could no longer stand anymore. Of course, Sazanami was there to make the Admiral return to his senses.

Akizuki felt the chill as Mikazuki finished telling the story of their sparring.

Akizuki: Was the admiral… scary at times?<br />Mikazuki: Well… he is scary if you have made an enemy out of him. But, he is not scary. The only people who can he show that scary face are those people or abyssals who wanted to hurt us.<br />Akizuki: I see.<br />Mikazuki: Well, just think of it that he is our big guardian angel.<br />Akizuki: I don’t think I can imagine that…<br />Mikazuki: that’s true. Well… Akizuki-san, I shall get going then.<br />Akizuki: Eh, you haven’t finished it.<br />Mikazuki: Oh right, let’s just say that when I got into trouble, he saved me like a princess and when I woke up that there is no one left for me to protect, I decided to go with him…<br />Akizuki: I see… well then, good luck on your patrols then.<br />Mikazuki: You are welcome. By the way, Dinner is served, you need to go there now.<br />Akizuki: Is that so? Thanks.<br />And the two have parted their ways and only the moon stands as a witness to the story behind the two.<br />



==One certain night: Before.==

On a certain night, a few months after Admiral Raven has established his fleet; there was one lone girl hiding in the corner of her room with her hands covering her mouth as she tries not to make a sound since her family were all killed by the abyssal that made a surprise invasion while everyone is asleep. In an instant, a lot people got killed as they were caught unaware by the surprise invasion of the abyss underneath the darkness of the night. Tonight, was such a night since the moon is out and it was the only time in a month that darkness was prevalent. To make it short, it was the night of new moon.

That girl who was covering her mouth suddenly felt the chill as if the gazes were all fixated on her as she keeps her calm while suppressing the fear she has inside. But that calm would disappear once the door was pushed by the abyssal minions.

At the sight of their last prey, the minions readied their guns and aimed at their target. It was a simple deed that it doesn’t need any explanation on how it works. And without warning, the minions started shooting at the poor, defenseless girl who can only scream, but with that scream; something out of the ordinary had happened as something descended upon the young girl and it totally possessed the young girl’s instinct in that simple instance.

After that, the bullets hit nothing but the wall and the young girl made her counterattack, bringing forth incomplete weapons being summoned in her hand, she started decimating the minions one by one as she started to push through the crowd. But such feats of bravery are simply impossible for her since she is just nothing more than a girl possessed with a spirit of a destroyer. But even so, she decided to lay down her life in order for her to avenge those who have died before her.

As she started to wreak havoc on the vicinity, the enemies who have the advantage of numbers started firing at her without any regards to whoever may got hit in their shots are starting to hit the girl who have never thought that they will do such despicable ways just to secure victory and before she knew it, she was hit by the abyssal light cruiser who stands on her way and the exit.

Xxx: Huff! Puff! There is no end to them…

All she can think now is to blindly charge and hope that she passes through, but she noticed that her body is slowly losing energy.

Xxx: Not now…

As if she had become one with the spirit, her body slowly corrodes as the miasma destroy her body and now she is hanging on a thin thread as she has been cornered by such enemies who have been too weak on it’s own.

When the girl thought she is as good as dead, a sound was heard nearby.

Uzuki: Hello, are you dead?<br />Yayoi: Uzuki, now isn’t the time to be playing. Just do what we need to do.<br />Uzuki: Roger, pyon~!

In an instant, the two pulled out high caliber guns and they started shooting at the abyssal and slowly, they were making progress since their ammunition are specialized shells used for destroying abyssal armor.

After the two has finished firing, a man appeared carrying a sword started to speak in the volume no one can hear. After saying something, fire of unknown temperature started to cover his sword and he started to attack the abyssal minions one by one.

With every slice, another minion dies and every swing the man makes, 5-10 minion burns to a crisp. And so, with the help of the two girls, they have managed to drive away the enemy and at least save one life in the process.

After the skirmish, the guy magically hid the sword somewhere no one can reach along with the guns the two have used a while ago. Then, they went and greeted the lone survivor of the area.

Hiro: Hello, I am Admiral Raven and these two are my temporary assistants for now. They are called Uzuki and Yayoi. What’s your name?<br />Xxx: My name is xxx. Eh? What happened to me?

The girl who just saw her image at the mirror looked totally different from the time she became one with the spirit. For some reason, it’s a shocking experience for her to bear such a face.<br />Hiro: Well then, what’s your name now?<br />Xxx: My name now is… Mikazuki.

Uzuki and Yayoi were surprised to hear the name from her mouth.<br />Uzuki: No way, pyon~!<br />Yayoi: Indeed. To think we would see Mikazuki here of all places. It’s truly inconceivable.<br />Hiro: Are you girls serious? or are you making fun of her?<br />Uzuki: We are partly making fun of her. But yeah… Nice seeing Mikazuki back.<br />Yayoi: Indeed.

Mikazuki was lost in the thought as they somehow made a comedic skit in the middle of her question and answer.

Hiro: Anyways, we were actually heading back home when we felt that there is an abyssal nearby, and when we arrived here… this place looked like a mess. I don’t think there are any people left here, do you want to come with us back to the naval base?<br />Mikazuki: Sorry to decline but, I believe there are some survivors left.<br />Hiro: Is that so? Uzuki, Yayoi.<br />With a snap of a finger, the two stood straight.

Hiro: Please prepare a tent for us three, we will be spending the night here.<br />The two girls didn’t complain and they started doing their work. Of course, deep inside their hearts, they were jumping in joy since they haven’t been to a camping trip up until now.

After the tent was made, they went inside and slept in those tents leaving Mikazuki behind as she started to search for any possible survivors.

After 2 hours of her search, she had finally search every nook and cranny of the community and she didn’t find any signs of life around asides from her’s. This has despaired her a lot and she started to cry as she realized that she is the sole survivor of the attack.

But before she can cry, she felt a deadly presence behind her. As she looks back, a humanoid being looked at her in the eye and as soon as she felt that the person behind her is an abyssal, Mikazuki decided to run away as fast as she could. But…

Mikazuki: Kya!

Mikazuki got tripped by a boulder that came off from a ruined house and then, she lost her balance and fell to the ground, the enemy soon after came and aimed her gun-like arms on Mikazuki.

Before the enemy could make a shot of it, a man arrived and suddenly picked Mikazuki up and carried her like a princess back to their location. Behind them is one abyssal humanoid and the hordes of minions they have repelled a few hours ago

Hiro: Seriously, I don’t want to come back here at all…<br />Mikazuki: Sorry. I understand now what you mean a while ago.<br />Hiro: It’s good that you are now enlightened. But…

The Admiral stops and he let Mikazuki stand up on her own.

Hiro: Please don’t tell my secretary on the thing that I am about to do. She will definitely worry for me.

The Admiral pulled out a strange sword out of nowhere. This time, it had a very solid blade and is considered large even for a sword.

Hiro: For I have made an oath to protect the ones that I love, I will release all the shackles that still makes me human, and once more… come forth, the agent of destruction, Raven.

Black fire covers him and the sword transformed into 2 long swords with intricate designs. Soon, the admiral converted those long swords into daggers and he readied himself on the enemies in front of him.

Hiro: All I need is one shot…<br />And in a blink of the eye, the Admiral annihilated everyone in just one attack.


The morning came and Mikazuki woke up and she saw the Admiral sleeping beside her. After she has witnessed such a one-sided fight, the Admiral loses consciousness and all the things he had use crumbled to a point where everything became ashes. Also, everything around the 1Km Radius got vaporized that it’s a miracle that she was still alive along with the tents and the girls who were sleeping inside.

Soon, Uzuki and Yayoi shows up and Mikazuki was surprised to their appearance.<br />Uzuki: Oh, he is too early to flirt.<br />Yayoi: Indeed.<br />The two then started putting doodles on the Admiral’s sleeping face as Mikazuki tries to stop, but since she was immobile, she can’t do anything at all.

When the Admiral woke up, the Admiral washes his face and removed the doodles Uzuki and Yayoi made and offered Mikazuki to go home for the second time.

Hiro: Mikazuki, are you going home with us?<br />Mikazuki: Yes.<br />Hiro: Welcome home.<br />Mikazuki: yes…<br />And Mikazuki left her hometown along with the Admiral, Uzuki and Yayoi to start a new page of her life at the naval base.



==<br />The Stars==

Hiro: Hiei, let’s go somewhere.<br />Hiei: Why? Isn’t here enough?<br />Hiro: Well, I don’t want others hearing it.<br />Hiei: I see. Well then…

Hiei immediately changed her get up as the Admiral asked her out. For some reasons, Haruna didn’t do anything at all. But guessing from it, she already knows the plan at a degree.

Hiei: Wow!<br />Currently, they were at the highest point of the roller coaster which the Admiral didn’t like but…<br />Hiei: Weeeeeeeeeee~!<br />All the Admiral can do is to endure it until he arrives at the most crucial part of this travel.

Currently, they are at the Amusement park as they roam around looking for attractions to ride on. And one of those happened to be the Roller coaster which the Admiral definitely hated. And now, he is resting on Hiei’s lap as he recharges his energy lost from throwing up too much.

Hiro: Sorry. I’ll never be able to get use to this.<br />Hiei: Don’t worry. I don’t mind. But Hiro-san, where are we going. Why hasn’t Haruna said a word?<br />Hiro: Haruna and I have made an agreement. Though it wasn’t that perfect, she is already fine. But today, I wanted to spend time with you.<br />Hiei: I see…<br />Hiro: Anyways, I think I am ready to go anywhere except the roller coaster.<br />As the Admiral took a separate way, Hiei stopped her and she pointed at the roller coaster again. For once, the Admiral felt that his life will be over after he completed the 2nd ride.

And after a while… it’s already 5 in the afternoon.

The Admiral reserved the house of mirrors in order for him to say something to Hiei, It seems that Hiei understood his intentions and she let him enter the attraction first and then, she entered a few minutes after.

Hiei: Hiro-san, what is it that you wanted to say?

As Hiei’s voice echoed all the way, she saw an image of the Admiral.

Hiro: I wanted to say thank you for accompanying me in my selfish journey.<br />Hiei: That’s not what you wanted to say, right?<br />Hiro: Yes. I am also here to say that Haruna wants something from me…<br />Hiei: What is it?<br />Hiro: She wanted me to stop seeing you after this date.<br />Hiei: You are lying, right?<br />Hiro: Sadly, I don’t lie.<br />Hiei: I see…

Hiei felt something was amiss, so she decided to run forward until she saw another image of the admiral.

Hiei: But Hiro-san, I am totally out of issue if Haruna wants you right?<br />Hiro: It is indeed correct that you are out of issue but…<br />Hiei: Is she also mad at me?<br />Hiro: I don’t know if she is but… she didn’t really want me to be with you.<br />Hiei: I see. Well then, I have something to say Hiro-san. I love you and I love my sisters too… But, I don’t want anyone to separate me from the ones that I love… even if it is my sister.<br />Hiro: So, what will you do then?<br />Hiei: I’ll speak with Haruna.<br />Hiro: I see…<br />Hiei: If we can’t solve this problem, then…<br />As Hiei stomps her feet to the ground, the ground shook and the Admiral fell on his feet and appeared right in front of Hiei.

Hiro: You already knew?<br />Hiei: do not underestimate a girl in-love. Hiro-san, I know that Haruna said those words because she is still hurt. So, let’s apologize to her one more time.<br />Hiro: I understood. Anyways, let’s get out of here now. The fireworks will start at 6.

But before they left the premises, Hiei held the Admiral’s face and she kisses him on his lips. After that, she lets go of him and Hiei held the Admiral’s hand and they exit the premises.



That night, Haruna arrived as the Admiral called her from her phone.<br />Haruna: Hiro-san, did you do what we have agreed?<br />Hiro: Sorry. I can’t do it after all.<br />A pained smile escapes Haruna’s lips.<br />Haruna: I understood, that’s why…

Soon Hiei appeared and she bowed to Haruna too.<br />Hiei: Haruna, I am sorry.<br />Haruna: Hiei-neesan…<br />Hiei: If I have known it from the start… I might have done something…<br />Haruna: Don’t be sorry Hiei-neesan. You just did what a girl in-love would do. That’s why…

Haruna pulls out a gun and she aimed it at the admiral’s head.<br />Haruna: He’ll die so that no one will be happy… but at least, I won’t be hurt anymore.<br />Hiei: Can you do it?<br />Haruna: Of course, I am not that…<br />Hiei: Shoot hit now!!! End your suffering now!!!<br />Haruna: Don’t make me hurry. I am still preparing.<br />Hiei: I thought you wanted to end this!? End it now!!!

Tears started to drop from Haruna’s eyes. Soon, the gun she is holding was then took by the Admiral and he shoots his hand. Hiei was surprised to see the bullet was only from a pellet gun.

Hiro: That gun is nothing more than a pellet gun. I don’t think Haruna has gone irredeemable.<br />Hiei: I see…<br />Hiei embraced Haruna and Haruna started to cry. Haruna cried and cried until all the pain she is feeling inside has been all washed away. The Admiral soon took his leave as he left all the problems to Hiei.



The morning after, Haruna came to the Admiral and she apologized for what happened that night and this time around, there was no hostility between the two.

Hiro: Well then, what will you do from here on?<br />Haruna: It’s simple. I’ll imitate what Hiei-neesan does.<br />Hiro: Even her cooking?<br />Haruna: If it’s delicious. Then yes.<br />Hiro: Good luck then.<br />Haruna: Yeah. By the way…

Without a word, Haruna kisses the Admiral’s lips and she immediately runs outside of the office. The Admiral felt a killing intent aimed from his back.

Sazanami: Oh ho, so you have managed to fixed things up and now you even have Haruna aiming for you. Good job master, good job.

The Admiral fell silent as Sazanami reprimanded the admiral with her sermons. But that is totally common between them so it’s alright.<br />





==The Flame==

Kamikaze lies on her bed as she looks at the ceiling at the wall. Today, she has nothing to do.

Kamikaze: So boring... Now that Hatakaze is here, things got a bit too easy for me.

As soon as she said that, a knock came from the door.

Kamikaze: I’m coming.

As soon as she opens the door, A voice came to greet her.

Hiro: Kamikaze, wanna go with me for a walk?<br />Kamikaze: Of course, I do.

And the two decided to go for a walk



Asides from the fact that fall is associated with arts, sports and food. The three understood that autumn is a time where they need to shop for winter goods.<br />Hiro: So, what do you want?<br />Kamikaze: Ear Mufflers and a pair of gloves. I guess that will do?<br />Hiro: How about a winter coat?<br />Kamikaze: Maybe, well it won’t hurt to have one too.<br />As soon as the two have decided on what Kamikaze will wear, the attendant brought her to the changing room.

Kamikaze; Hiro-san, can you come here?<br />Hiro: Of course not!

The attendant chuckled as she heard the conversation between the two, but even so; it’s not common that the girl would totally bring a guy towards the changing room to help her change their clothes (and not do any perverted things while they are inside), so the Admiral who had grasped the situation decided to become a decent guy for now.

After the clothes were put into order from the chaos, Kamikaze surprised the Admiral with her winter get up and the admiral immediately paid for the clothes that they have choose for themselves. But even so, Kamikaze felt that everything felt too good to be true.

Kamikaze: Hiro-san, is there something wrong today?<br />Hiro: Well, nothing really.<br />Kamikaze; Then, why does it feel to be too good to be true?<br />Hiro: Now that you mention…

Soon, there is a siren in the nearby area.

Hiro: Not now…<br />Kamikaze: What is that?<br />Hiro: Yeah, this should be your first time hearing it. That is a deep-sea alert. It warns us that there are abyssal on land as we speak.<br />Kamikaze: That’s good. By the way, why are they running?<br />Hiro: Apparently…

What stood in front of them were hordes of land abyssal that were ready to attack the land.

Hiro: Kamikaze, I hereby authorize you to use lethal force on the enemy.<br />Kamikaze: Much obliged…

Kamikaze changed gears and she summons her battle clothes out of nowhere and soon, she wields her usual armaments.

Hiro: I gotta call back up then to stop the enemy transport fleet.<br />The Admiral took out his phone and he started calling the others, Kamikaze realized that it would take time for him to finish his call so she decided to defend the Admiral all by herself.

Kamikaze: Hey scrubs, you want to have some piece of me?



A few minutes has passed and the Admiral has passed his order, when he looks back and he saw Kamikaze engaging with the enemy.

Hiro: Kamikaze, the planes will come soon, go back to safety.<br />Kamikaze: I will…

As soon as she heard an engine roared through the sky, Kamikaze made her way towards the safety zone and after stepping her foot in it, rain of bullets and bombs destroyed the battalion and left with few numbers on the run.

Hiro: Time for us to take action, Kamikaze; let’s go.<br />Kamikaze: Roger.

The Admiral took out his favorite sword, but this time…<br />Hiro: Stay close with me.<br />Kamikaze: Ara, are you afraid of losing me?<br />Hiro: I am just being cautious. Also, I don’t want to see you get bruised even for a bit.<br />Kamikaze: Yikes. Your requirements are too high…

And the two have slowly slaughtered the enemy one by one as Kamikaze shoots and the Admiral slices them and when the last enemy has finally retreated, a rain of ammos hit the transport fleet and it sunk towards the depths of the sea.

Hiro: Mission accomplished.

Kamikaze fell down to her knees as exhaustion started to kick in.

Kamikaze: Next time, I better not trigger a tragedy flag or I would need to work to the hardest again.<br />Hiro: It can’t be helped. Well then, let’s… wait…

As he looks at his other hand, he saw that the bags containing the clothes they bought were all gone. It took them an hour to find the bags again and finally go back home.<br />



==Epilogue: It doesn’t end at all==

Sazanami: Master, are you done making rounds with Kamikaze?<br />Hiro: Yeah. Anyways, what’s with that face?<br />Sazanami: I am always free for your personal usage…<br />Hiro: what…<br />Sazanami: I heard from the rumors that since Kamikaze was free, you use her…<br />Hiro: Now then, who spread that rumor.<br />Sazanami: Akigumo and Aoba apparently.<br />Hiro: Oh, those two…<br />Sazanami: What will you do then?<br />Hiro: Close the door! Now!<br />Sazanami: Eh? Why?<br />Hiro: Just close the door! No more questions!

Sazanami immediately closes the door and locks it from the inside. Soon, there were sounds of people running towards the Admiral’s office.

Hiro: Thank goodness you closed it on time.<br />Sazanami: I see… Now then, what will you do?<br />Hiro: Contact Kumano and have those two tranquilized for my interrogation later tonight.<br />Sazanami: Understood.<br />Hiro: Sensei… I will not hold back this time… Better get ready.<br />The admiral laughs as he started to plot revenge on the two who have given him a hard time for today.

'''''End.'''''
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]