Autumn is indeed a season where the Admiral is unexpectedly busy over some trivial things. Afterall, This is a season where he married Sazanami and after a month has passed, the Admiral is now allowed to do things as a normal Admiral, less the interactions he would do to other shipgirls.

<br />
But asides from limited interactions, nothing has changed over the past month asides from the fact that Samidare is getting her ring soon. But that would be a different story altogether as far as we are concern with that.

<br />
The rest of people in the naval base were already at the season of picking up chestnuts and maple leaves, Thus making the season a bit lively despite its serious nature.

<br />
Anyways, these are the stories that happened in between.<br />



==The Autumn fair==
Kazagumo arrived at the last day of the autumn fair which was held in the city that day. Along with Akigumo who was still pissed with what the Admiral has done to her and Yuugumo, she decided to get a breather from it by looking around. Kazagumo on the other hand is currently looking for some winter clothes due to the fact that winter will arrive sooner than what they would expect.

<br />
"Akigumo, I'll go this way to look for some kind of clothing. You can meet me at the town plaza later." Kazagumo waves her hand as she enters the crowd. Akigumo, who was left behind in the entrance of the fair started walking slowly towards the fountain.

<br />
The Fountain is a place where few people would gather to take a rest. It's a place well hidden from ordinary person's sight and only a few people would have known of its existence.

<br />
Akigumo sits on the available bench near the vicinity and she took out her sketch pad and drew the surroundings around her. Despite the fact that Akigumo makes lewd illustrations for a living, she does normal sketching from time to time.

<br />
"This sucks; the Admiral really pisses me off!" Akigumo grumbles as she sketches the maple tree.

<br />
Soon, the wind blows and she felt the chill slowly kicking into her system. Akigumo bit her lips as she tries to brave the elements.

<br />
Suddenly, the wind was blocked by some kind of a solid figure approaching her.

<br />
"Is that seat available?" The stranger asks.

<br />
"Yes. That one is free." Akigumo replied as she continues sketching.

<br />
The stranger sat beside her.<br />
<br />
It was peaceful when the two were sitting in that place. Akigumo looked at her seatmate and she noticed that the stranger is looking at her art.

<br />
Akigumo couldn't see the expression of the stranger's eyes as that person is wearing a pair of sunglasses. Akigumo knew that she is talking to a guy due to the fact that the person didn't try to hide his voice.

<br />
"Such a good sketch; Do you do this every day?" the stranger asks Akigumo.

<br />
"Not really, today is quite a breather for me." Akigumo replied.

<br />
Akigumo reminded of herself not to speak too much with strangers, but given that she is an artist and indie one to boot, her intrapersonal skills are quite decent. But, against a person who hides his expression will be a tough cookie for her to crack.

<br />
"Anyways, are you perhaps; A Doujin Artist?"

<br />
Akigumo felt something was amiss. She stopped moving her pencil and look at the said stranger.

<br />
"What the heck!? How did you know?" Akigumo replied.

<br />
The stranger has loosened his expression and breathes a sigh of relief as he had guess Akigumo right.

<br />
"I see... So you are like me too... Struggling until we got recognized..."

<br />
Akigumo felt the strangeness of the stranger's words and somehow, she felt the words that weigh on it.

<br />
"I don't know about that. Afterall, I have been in a slump in the past few weeks. It didn't even helped that someone messed me up and my friend. I so wanna kill him!!"

<br />
The stranger noticed Akigumo's change in expression and he smiled after he saw that she is also in the point of struggle too. He decided to talk with her a bit more.

<br />
"While I may not look like it, I am quite good. But recently, I run out of material to use. Sigh. Anyways, I..."

<br />
The stranger coughed and coughed and Akigumo looked at the said stranger.

<br />
The Stranger signaled that he is fine and so he let Akigumo return back to her seat.<br />
<br />
The two have talked with one another for an hour, much to Akigumo's excitement over the stories the stranger has told her, she remembered something important. Soon, she heard a voice coming from the other side of the wall.

<br />
"AKIGUMO!!! Let's go now!!!"

<br />
Kazagumo calls out for Akigumo as she walks in circles.<br />
Akigumo saw Kazagumo walks by and she decided to excuse herself to the stranger.

<br />
"Anyways, my friend is here already. I will go now. I hope we met once again."

<br />
Akigumo bows to the stranger and she immediately went to Kazagumo who was now going to scold her at that moment. To the stranger's eyes, the two vanished as they exit the garden.<br />
The Stranger removes his sunglasses and his face mask revealing a face of a person who is quite knowledgeable about the area. He is also known as an Admiral of the naval base.

<br />
"Anyways, it seems that our artist in the slump is okay now. Yuugumo..."

<br />
Yuugumo appears from the shadows.

<br />
"Seriously, I didn't know the Admiral can do role-playing." Yuugumo snarked as she gives the Admiral a new coat.

<br />
"Well, Sazanami taught me how to become someone else... It's quite useful to use on those people who don't go counseling at all. Akigumo is a prideful woman, and so are you." Yuugumo chuckles as she gets praised by the Admiral.

<br />
"Well then, I got to see Kazagumo's rare side too... This is enough of a payment for me." The Admiral said while wearing his other coat which came from Yuugumo.

<br />
"I guess I am now safe at this moment. So Admiral, should we go on a date too?" Yuugumo silently wrap her arms at the Admiral<br />
"Nope. Sazanami is watching me at this moment," The admiral replied while slowly removing Yuugumo's arm.

<br />
As soon as the Admiral removed Yuugumo's arm, he pointed his finger at the girl who was reading the newspaper at the other side of the fountain.

<br />
"Oh well... maybe next time then."

The Admiral and Yuugumo went to where Sazanami is and they picked her up. The Admiral was given a good job sign by Sazanami who was watching the whole conversation.<br />
<br />
Meanwhile, Akigumo and Kazagumo were walking back from the fair.

<br />
"Akigumo, sorry to ask you but; what did you and the Admiral talked about?"

<br />
Akigumo's eyes opened wide as she hears that question from Kazagumo.

<br />
"The Admiral!? Wait, don't tell me!?"

<br />
Akigumo blushes as she realizes that the Admiral has done some counseling for her.

==<br />The half-hour battle==
The clock is already at 8 in the evening. And there were 4 people who were playing UNO! at a table inside the Admiral's office.

<br />
The 4 people who were playing are all locked with the thoughts of beating one another. It was quite a spectacle when you happened to witness them play.

<br />
"Blue 7!" Says Sazanami while having an evil grin on her face.

<br />
"Red 7" Says Samidare as she drops the said card.

<br />
"Red 1" Says Kamikaze, the girl with long pink hair; while adjusting her sleeves as she puts down her card on the table.

<br />
"Change Color: Yellow!" Declared by the Admiral who has an evil look at his face.

<br />
Soon, The Sazanami notices the drops the Admiral has discarded.

<br />
"IT'S A DARK GAME!!!" Sazanami declared while putting down her Yellow 2 at the table.

<br />
Samidare puts down a Yellow Reverse card.

<br />
Sazanami drew a card from the deck and she twitched her eyebrows as she realizes that her move has ended since she can't discard at all.

<br />
"Well then! +4!" The Admiral declared.

<br />
Kamikaze smiles and she dropped a +4 card too.

<br />
Samidare who saw the attack grew white since she can't counter such an attack. Samidare drew 8 cards from the deck. Kamikaze declared the color to be red.

<br />
Sazanami dropped a red 2 at the table and the Admiral is now running the game.

<br />
"UNO!" the Admiral declared while discarding his red reverse card.

<br />
Sazanami dropped a blue reverse card in retaliation and also to not Samidare earn a turn.

<br />
The Admiral signed Kamikaze to prepare another black card. After making the call, the Admiral dropped the +4 card once more. Kamikaze followed suit and she dropped another +4 from her arsenal.

<br />
Kamikaze declared Uno after that turn.

<br />
Samidare who saw the number of cards she has to draw, she cried. Nonetheless, she drew 8 cards from the deck. She has now 18 cards on her hand.

<br />
Kamikaze declared Green for the time being.

<br />
"UNO!" Sazanami declares as she drops a green 9 in the table.<br />
Samidare's face is full of grim and she cried as she puts down a change color card on the table. There are no +2 cards in play from her hand.

<br />
"What color Samidare?" Sazanami asks Samidare as she saw her friend getting the short end of the stick.

<br />
"Blue..." Samidare silently answers.

<br />
After hearing Samidare's answer, Sazanami puts down a 5 blue at the table marking the end of the game.

<br />
"This is absurd!!! Why am I getting hit badly!?" Samidare protested as she flails her arms to the Admiral

<br />
The Admiral hugs her tight and the two says 'Daww' while looking at them. While the Admiral is comforting Samidare, Kamikaze took out a camera and she took a picture of the two. Sazanami notices it and she decided to be a photo bomber.

Kamikaze notices this too and she took out a stand and puts the camera on timer so that she can join the picture.

<br />
"Alright, this will be done in 10 seconds" Kamikaze says while setting up the camera to capture the photo.

<br />
Soon, Kamikaze dashed towards the Admiral and she jumped to his body. His arms can't catch her so Kamikaze is destined to fall on the Admiral's body while the Admiral is being tied to his side by the other two. All in all, the picture ended somewhat great. But the Admiral did earn some wounds.<br />
<br />
"So, shall we have another round, this time; the loser will have to strip an article of their clothing!" The Admiral declares while wearing a lot of trench coats over his body.

<br />
Sazanami and Samidare looked at one another. Kamikaze seems to have understood what the two had said in their minds. Their faces tell that they want to do something lewd to the Admiral.

<br />
And so, the next battle has begun between the four of them.<br />



==Fishing blues - Intro==

The Admiral currently looking at the quest sheet which was given to him by Ooyodo.

<br />
His eyes were painted with pain and he grimaced with the idea of fishing. The Admiral himself didn't like the idea of fishing since its more waste of resources that it does well to him.<br />
"But the idea of getting a WG42 in exchange of having 8 Sauries... This is too tempting."

<br />
Sazanami, who was his secretary ship for the longest time, is currently standing beside him and she peeks at the piece of paper the Admiral currently hold.

<br />
"Last two quarter Operations, we didn't get an extra U-511 for those Rockets; I think this is a good chance for us to get a second WG42."

<br />
The Admiral felt that he is more obliged to do it than to actually do the event out of whim, while there are no down sides of the said mini-event than to add extra repair bills on his tab.  Also he can make a proper excuse to level Samidare to her marriageable level.

<br />
And so, the Admiral had made his decision regarding to that matter.<br />
<br />
"Fishing event?" Samidare asks as she waits for the rest of the team to arrive.

<br />
"Yup. Also, this is the best excuse to let you play a bit outside."<br />
Samidare's face lightens up as she heard the Admiral say those words. Sazanami had seen Samidare's reaction and she yanked the Admiral's sleeves.

<br />
"Master, Isn't that..."

<br />
The Admiral didn't let Sazanami speak any further. Sazanami understood that the Admiral is still keeping things under the rug. Afterall, Samidare still needs to be surprised and all.

<br />
"Admiral, but last year; you said that fishing is worthless."

<br />
To Samidare, the change of heart is something that is very rare for the Admiral to exhibit.

<br />
"Samidare, desperate times calls for desperate measures."<br />
"I see... I better not know." Samidare replied as she remains puzzled over the Admiral's change of heart.

<br />
But before Samidare can even think about it, the rest of the fleet had arrived and the Admiral has briefed them about their next mission.<br />



==Fishing Blues - Middle==

Samidare is assigned as the Flagship of the fishing team and they are currently cruising in the Salmon seas. The rest of the Fleet consists of Hiei, Fusou, Hiryuu, Soryuu and Amagi and they wondered why Samidare is with them.

<br />
"I am not in position to ask this since Samidare is also the Admiral's favorite, but why are you here?" Hiei Asks Samidare as she keeps her distance.

<br />
"Honestly, I have no idea why. But it seems that the admiral wants me to play a bit."

<br />
Soon, the five capital ships murmur to one another and they had a large grin on their face signaling that they had figured out Samidare's role.

<br />
"Anyways, do you have Sonars, or Depth Charges or Searchlight?" Hiei Asks while keeping her laugh in check.<br />
"None, it’s my standard load out and it’s an Anti-air variant to boot." Samidare replied innocently.

<br />
Soon, the 5 ships were stopped on their feet.

<br />
"Hey, I thought she is a mascot?" Hiei asks Hiryuu as she yanks her clothes

<br />
"I thought so too. But it seems she is here on a defense duty too... What could it be?" Hiryuu replied while removing Hiei's hand.

<br />
"I think I know the reason." Amagi cuts in between the two. "I think the Admiral will marry her soon."



And the rest of them, sans Samidare were in shock to hear that story.

<br />
"Is he planning to use the fishing as an excuse to marry Samidare?" Souryuu replied while she glances at Samidare who is waiting for them.

<br />
"Anyways, if that is the Admiral's intention; shouldn't we protect her at all times, after all; he might scold us if we fail to do our jobs?" Fusou answered while looking at the group.

<br />
The 5 capital ships agreed to do their jobs properly and they let Samidare out of danger and they made fishing a bit easier due to their contribution.

<br />
Alas, even if Samidare is not equipped with the proper equipment for fishing; the team managed to catch fishes and they were surprised when Samidare decides to carry them as a way to thank her fellow shipgirl who done all of the heavy lifting.<br />
And so, the team repeats the process a few more times until...

<br />
"Samidare-san, Let me say something to you." Fusou Approaches Samidare as they sail back home.

<br />
"What is it Fusou-san, is it about the fishing mission? Sorry if I can't do many asides from shooting down bombers."

<br />
"It’s fine. I am quite relieve that someone picks up that task so that we got to go back home with just scratches and bruises. I am happy for that."

<br />
"Thanks Fusou-san, Anyways... what do you want to discuss with me?"

<br />
"Congrats on your future endeavors!"

<br />
Samidare smiles and she bowed her head to Fusou.

<br />
"Thanks Fusou-san, I already knew what the Admiral wants to do with this mission. It's just a brilliant excuse for him to level me. Actually, I feel happy when he came to me and he said that I can play out at this moment, I got to see the sun once more. And I can be with my friends too."

<br />
Fusou can see tears fall from Samidare's eyes. Fusou saw how happy Samidare is since it's been a while for her to be out in the front lines. To Fusou, it's like the first time they got their second remodel that they felt the same happiness Samidare felt as looks back on it.

<br />
Fusou embraces Samidare and she slowly comforts Samidare as she tries to act as her big sister on that day. To Fusou, Samidare is some character that she wanted to get know with because she is shrouded with mystery. Also, she wants to know the Samidare outside of her cold exterior.

<br />
Samidare welcomes Fusou's hug and she take it as it is. Samidare knew that Fusou tries to open up with her. Samidare guessed that she have to let go of her stress once in a while.

<br />
"Anyways Fusou-san, the base is close. Please return to formation." Samidare ordered Fusou who was just finished hugging her.

<br />
"Okay."

<br />
With that, the fleet has returned to base with no troubles at all.<br />



==Fishing Blues - Finale.==

On an a different area, Mikazuki and the ASW team are currently tackling submarines in a certain area and they started throwing depth charges in their target area as they estimate the enemy's location.

<br />
Leading the pack is Mikazuki who is busy checking her surroundings; Isuzu on the other hand has her hand ready on her depth charges just in case she detects an anomaly in the enemy formation.

<br />
Hyuuga is silently listening to the feedback from the ASW plane she has sent. Ryuujou is busy looking around just to make sure they won't get lost in their submarine patrols.

<br />
"Hey, do we have any fishes yet?" Ryuujou asked while she is looking ahead.

<br />
No one answered on her inquiry.

<br />
"Hey guys. I mean, we are in the usual area and you are all too quiet, what's with this deafening silence..."

<br />
Before Ryuujou finished her tirade of complaints, Isuzu throws her depth charges on the area 20 meters to the front of Ryuujou and there a few seconds later, explosions were confirmed and the fleet readies themselves.

<br />
"Ryuujou, can you be a bit quiet while we are doing the surveys? Asides, this area is still as vicious as ever." Isuzu replied while preparing a new batch of depth charges.

<br />
Mikazuki readies herself to any torpedo salvos that might come her way, despite her position as the flagship of the team; she felt that she needs to get strong in order for her to stand beside the commander to whom she adores so much.

<br />
Hyuuga places herself besides Mikazuki and Hyuuga opens a conversation to Mikazuki.

<br />
"Is there anything wrong? You seem to be a bit serious?" Hyuuga opens a conversation to Mikazuki.

<br />
"Nothing much. I wish he can see me." Mikazuki replies to Hyuuga as she readies her depth charges.

<br />
"Is that so? Well, don't get too tunneled vision. It's bad if you got hit from behind." Hyuuga replied as she lets loose of her Zuiuns to attack the area behind Mikazuki, and a few seconds after; a submarine emerges from it and Mikazuki finishes it off.

<br />
"But to think that we are just fishing here... This is a bit absurd." Hyuuga continues speaking as she readies her launching pad to accept the zuiuns that flew a while ago.

<br />
"Indeed. But Commander is doing this in order for him to get stronger, he failed to secure a few more U-511s and he is doing this because he wants to be prepared for everything." Mikazuki replied as she throws her depth charges.

<br />
"I see... Well then, shall we slay more?" Hyuuga asks Mikazuki as she sends out her zuiuns once more.

<br />
"Alright, I am also being trained to get closer to my goal." Mikazuki replies.

<br />
"Alright, let’s do this! Isuzu, please send us a leeway then." Hyuuga calls Isuzu as she unleashes more zuiuns.

<br />
"Impossible!!!" Isuzu replies as she kick the submarines that creeping behind her.

<br />
"Oh well, just who have thought to put us on active duty when the Salmon seas team is on break!!!" Ryuujou complained as she started bombing the submarines.

<br />
And so, the 4 were making a killing on the submarines in a certain area near the naval base.<br />



==Food for the thought - Kongou's chapter==

Kongou who was in the city decided to buy some food from a local restaurant and she is taking it home with her. She is alone in that escapade until she saw a familiar face in the crowd. Well, technically, it's her fellow English-breed Battleship Warspite who was sipping tea in a localized store that sells tea.

<br />
"Kongou, I didn't know you are out here? Sit beside me and let's talk for a bit." Warspite greeted Kongou as she tries to invite her to sit beside her.

<br />
"Thanks, I am a bit tired from walking too much."<br />
Kongou sat beside Warspite and she ordered iced tea to the waiter.

<br />
"So Kongou, are you here on a break?" Warspite curiously asks Kongou as she sips her cup of tea.

<br />
"I am also here to buy something for me and my sisters. Well, I do plan of giving it to the Admiral too." Kongou replied as she waits for the tea to arrive.

<br />
A few minutes after, Iowa; who was wearing a decent set of clothing, saw Kongou and Warspite and she immediately went to sit beside Kongou.

<br />
Warspite noticed the arrival of the American battleship. And she notified Kongou about Iowa's presence. Anyways, it was already too late since Iowa already started clinging tightly on Kongou's arm.

<br />
"Iowa, what is it that you wanted to say?" Kongou speak as she felt a bit pissed about Iowa's arrival.

<br />
"Because Kongou is talking to Warspite..." Iowa replied.<br />
Warspite felt that Iowa is pressing too much of herself into Kongou's life, so in order for her not to get ostracized by the American Battleship; Warspite drink all of her tea and she stood up.

<br />
"Iowa, Kongou. I will take my leave then. I have some matters to attend too." Warspite stood up as she bids goodbye on the two.<br />
"Take Care." Iowa replied as she snuggles Kongou’s arm.

<br />
"See you later then." Replied Kongou as she waves Iowa's arm in exchange for her arm being imprisoned by Iowa.

<br />
Warspite went out of the store and she went on her way back to the naval base.<br />
<br />
"Iowa, you are too clingy today. What is wrong?" Kongou asked Iowa as she removes Iowa's arm which has crushed Kongou's arm.

<br />
"I am... Never mind. Warspite and I have been discussing something and I guess we shouldn't let you know about this." Iowa replied as she tries to hug Kongou's arm once more.

<br />
"Strange, aren't you two friends?" Kongou asks Iowa as she denies Iowa's arm.

<br />
Iowa changed her expression and she stopped pursuing Kongou.

<br />
"Well, we are friends... But more of rivals." Iowa replied.<br />
Immediately, Kongou felt the strange air that surrounds Iowa as if she doesn't want to pursue this topic anymore. Kongou decided to move away from it and probe Warspite later since Warspite is slightly civil than the expressive Iowa.

<br />
"Well then Iowa, let's go home!"

<br />
Soon, Iowa's mood had livened up and she grabbed Kongou's arm once more. Kongou didn't mind it anymore.

<br />
And the two slowly walk back home. Kongou felt that there are a lot of strange things happening between Iowa and Warspite, and she wants to get the truth out of it.

<br />
But then, she decided to not think of it for now.<br />



==The English consultation.==

Warspite is currently having a discussion with the Admiral inside the counseling room. Samidare is currently out having a good time with the fishing task.

<br />
"So what does the royalty wanted from me?" The Admiral asked Warspite as he looks at her.

<br />
Warspite clenched her fist and she looked forward at the Admiral. Warspite soon opens her mouth and she speaks to the Admiral.

<br />
"I am jealous of Iowa who hogs Kongou." Warspite clearly opens a complaint to the Admiral.

<br />
"Oh that issue..." The Admiral felt awkward after hearing the line from Warspite. "Anyways, let me ask you a question, are you a lesbian?"

<br />
"Nope," Warspite replied cleanly.

<br />
"Really?” Then, why do you feel jealous on Iowa?" The Admiral probes Warspite.

<br />
"Because it’s an English thing, oh wait, it's something that can be called as having a comrade being monopolized by an abomination of a battleship named Iowa." Warspite replied as she asserts her ideas clearly to the Admiral.

<br />
"I see, so who is/are the one/s that you like?" the Admiral ask Warspite on a whim since he got his answer already.

<br />
"You, Kongou and the Black dog that is being tied by two carriers.

<br />
Then, the Admiral stopped moving.

<br />
"Admiral?” Warspite tried calling the Admiral but there was no response from the man himself.

<br />
A few seconds after, the Admiral moved and he looked so scared after hearing the words form Warspite's mouth.<br />
"Warspite, Tell me it's a joke. I can write that off."

<br />
Warspite didn't understood what the Admiral has said, so she decided to ignore that. But Warspite noticed the cold sweat that is forming on the Admiral's face.

<br />
"Anyways, why do you look like you have seen some ghost? Is there something wrong Admiral?"

<br />
The Admiral wiped off his sweat and he looked at Warspite seriously.

<br />
"Warspite, if they heard that from you; I am sure you will see hell. But I recommend you to be discreet at times."

<br />
"Eh?"

<br />
Warspite looked confused and the Admiral stood up and she left her behind of the counseling room to get a breath of fresh air.<br />
Warspite can only look at the Admiral as it leaves the office.

<br />
"I wonder what did I say that makes him run for his life... I wonder?"<br />



==Kaga's side job - Beginning==

"I got a job request," Kaga said while holding a piece of paper as she spoke to Akagi while eating her meal.

<br />
"Job request? What food store?" Akagi asked while munching her meal.

<br />
Kaga can't answer Akagi due to the fact that it's not a food store, in a sense. Anyways, it's more of a Convenience store than a food store.

<br />
"Akagi-san, it's Lawson's. It's technically not a food store. They asked me to be a mascot. Well, I will also do some work too. I heard a bit from Kashima that it's a nice place to work. The people are good and the atmosphere is quite amicable."

<br />
"I see. Well then, get me some food. Please." Akagi begged on Kaga as she drools.

<br />
Kaga understood that Akagi's happiness is important, but she heard from Kashima that she needs to pay for the food she has to take.

<br />
"I will Akagi-san, just give me the list and the money for it." Kaga replied.

<br />
"Money?" Akagi replied while eating her bowl.

<br />
Kaga remembered that all of the payment Akagi recieved from her modeling work at Nakau were immediately deposited on her bank account to the fear that she might eat the whole restaurant once she got hold significant amounts of money.

<br />
"Alright Akagi-san, I will treat you then, just give me the list." Kaga replied.<br />
Akagi written down a list and she passed it on Kaga after munching on the bowl of rice she has received from the mess hall.

<br />
"Kaga-san, please hold your temper when you are there. Some people can be unreasonable at times." Akagi reminded Kaga as Kaga started to walk towards the Office of the Admiral.<br />
<br />
"Oh, that offer…" The admiral answered while he is stamping some documents.

<br />
"Yes Admiral. I believe that I can be of service towards other people." Kaga replied while she is standing.

<br />
Sazanami who was besides the Admiral couldn't help but wonder why Kaga was needed in the promotion.

<br />
"Anyways Kaga-san, I will approve of that. Just tell Kumano that you will be doing outside PR too. Also, please tell Samidare just in case things go bad. I need a bit of an explanation just in case your fumes gone hotter than usual." The Admiral speaks as he approves Kaga's document.

<br />
"Alright." Kaga replied as she receives the paper from the Admiral.

<br />
Kaga walks out and she went towards Samidare's office and to the front desk, The two were left behind to do some paperworks.

<br />
"Master, will she be alright?" Sazanami asked.

<br />
"Yup, Let's pray that she is still cool despite pressure. Kashima was once harassed by people since she is quite... different." The Admiral replied as he stamps another document.

<br />
"So how is Kaga's temperature now?" Sazanami probed the Admiral once more.

<br />
"Not yet hot. Let's hope the A/C is cool enough to cool her down." The Admiral replied as he crossed his fingers.<br />



==Kaga's side job - OTJ==

Kaga is currently at the cashier of the said convenient store.<br />
The air conditioning Unit is making the atmosphere is cool and there are few people at this point of time. Kaga then decided to stay for a bit just in case some people decided to go in.

<br />
Her Buddy, Who is already an employee of Lawson saw Kaga getting something in food cooker.

<br />He tried to stop Kaga.

<br />
"Kaga-san, you can't get food in the..."

<br />
But before kaga's buddy stopped her, Kaga has given him the amount of money needed for the said food.

<br />
"My Friend will come anytime sooner. Here is my payment." Kaga answers back as she places the money inside the cashier.

<br />
Kaga's buddy looked so puzzled why Kaga would do such a thing, but his worries were over when the door opens.

<br />
"Kaga-san, did you get it!?" Akagi enters as she munches on a stick of Barbeque.

<br />
Kaga went out of her station and she gives Akagi a pouch of freshly cooked Meat buns. Akagi shows a smile on her face and she exits the store. Kaga returns to the counter and she maintained her composure.

<br />
"Kaga-san, who is she?" Kaga's buddy asked her while looking at her.

<br />
"That is Akagi-san, she has quite a monster of an appetite. In order for me not to let her wreck the whole place, I have given her an offering." Kaga replied while opening the register.

<br />
Kaga's buddy realized that Kaga is quite serious with her statements.

<br />
"Oh well, you haven't heard the news of a restaurant closing down once because Akagi ate in that place before." Kaga supplemented her earlier statement.

<br />
Soon, Kaga's buddy grew pale after hearing that from Kaga.<br />



==Kaga's Side Job - Finale(?)==

Kaga returns to the naval base that evening. She is quite worked out but she didn't felt tired at all. Kaga visited the Admiral who is still in his office.

<br />
"Good evening Admiral. Oh, not doing anything tonight?" Kaga inquires as she enters the office.

<br />
"Who do you take me for? Asides, why do I have to do it here?" The admiral replied.

<br />
Kaga made a very mischievous face as she knew that she was just joking at all.

<br />
"So, how is work? Is it good?" The admiral probed on Kaga as he adjusts his position from his chair

<br />
"Work is fine, rather... It's quite troublesome from time to time to deal with people who ask for my number." Kaga replies as she walks around.

<br />
"It's nice being popular and all. So have you seen something to be called your prospect?" The Admiral asks Kaga once more.<br />
Kaga kept her mouth shut and she didn't speak at all.

<br />
"So no one... It's fine." The Admiral replied.

<br />
"Admiral, I will take my leave then."

<br />
"Take care then!"

<br />
Kaga made her excuse to go out of the office already and after exiting the office, she headed straight to the Archery range and she finds Akagi concentrating her focus on the target which is around a mile away. Akagi is currently using a standardized long bow.

<br />
Kaga didn't bother to disturb Akagi's concentration and she watched her releases the arrow from her bow.

<br />
After releasing the arrow, Akagi noticed Kaga who was standing a few meters away from her.

<br />
"Kaga-san, Welcome back!"

<br />
Akagi opens her arms towards Kaga who was standing right in front of her.

<br />
"I am home, Akagi-san."

<br />
Kaga didn't move an inch at all and she greeted Akagi back.<br />
Akagi noticed that there was something wrong with Kaga today. She decided to push the issue so that she can resolve the issue already.

<br />
"Kaga-san, is there anything bothering you?" Akagi asks Kaga as she offered her a seat.

<br />
Kaga sits on the available seat and she sat on it which happens to be besides Akagi. Akagi wasted no time and she embraced Kaga.

<br />
"So Kaga-san, is this something work related? Or something that concerns me? Or maybe about the Admiral?" Akagi made remarks as she tries to pin down the cause.

<br />
"It's quite different this time. But it's something related to you, to the Admiral and to my future as a woman." Kaga replied as she started opening herself up.

<br />
"Akagi-san, do you have any plans once the war is over?"<br />
Akagi's face tensed after hearing Kaga's inquiry.

<br />
"You see, I have realized the truth when I saw the Admiral and Sazanami got married. I don't know why but... from the moment they kissed on another in that made-up wedding celebration, I can't stop thinking about my future since in the end of war, we will have to go on our separate paths. Akagi-san, do you have any aspirations?"

<br />
"Kaga-san, I want to be with you... even after the war!"

<br />
Kaga knew that Akagi would say that to her. Afterall, they were the best of friends.

<br />
"Alright Akagi-san, Lets live together then... But please don't misunderstand that part."

<br />
Akagi smiled and she hugs Kaga even tighter.

<br />
"But Akagi-san, whenever we found ourselves falling in love to our respective partners, let's support one another."

<br />
Akagi made a grumpy face after hearing that, but she smiled in the end since it can't be helped anyways.

<br />
"I wonder Kaga-san, if you would take the Admiral's offer?"

<br />
"That is something promising, but let us reach our dreams first before settling down to his offer. A retirement house is such a good place to be in the end, But knowing the Admiral; he plans to keep us all close."

<br />
Akagi nodded in agreement.

<br />
"But first, let him wait for us since he had denied us of our advances." Akagi replied and let’s go of Kaga.

<br />
The two stood up and they dust off their clothes and they both tidied up the place and took their leave. It was already late in the evening and they decided to sleep for the night.

<br />
For Kaga, she had finally put things already in order. And thus, she is not scared anymore of what the future will look like once the war is over.<br />



==A season for closeness: prologue.==

"Master, Trick and Treat!" Sazanami said while wearing a witch's costume as she shows herself at the Admiral.

<br />
"Wait, what do you mean Trick and treat?" The Admiral responded in a confused manner.

<br />
Sazanami drew herself closer to the Admiral and she teases him by positioning herself to an angle to which the Admiral can caught a glimpse of her slightly bulged pumpkins of her which was covered by a thin sheet of white cloth which acted as a binder to her clothes. Truly a charm for the Admiral's perverted mind.

<br />
"Master, It's Halloween soon. Aren't you going to do something about it?" Sazanami asked as she maintains her slightly lewd pose.

<br />
"Well... I'll make an announcement on it later. Sazanami, Please be ready later then. Bad girls need to be punished."

<br />
Sazanami made a fist pump and she returned to her seat wearing her costume and she started working on the documents that needed her approval. Her life as a secretary ship is quite tough, but she didn't mind it at all since she and the Admiral can do their 'extra-curricular activity" later.

<br />
Anyways, It was a few days before Halloween and it seems that the air has maintained her constant coolness. Asides from that, a lot of Halloween decorations were already placed on the whole naval base. Even the cooks made a theme this week featuring food related to Halloween for the fun of the season (and yes, Hiei's curry is the main specialty for the extra fright factor.)

<br />
Sazanami is getting the mood into motion since the Admiral is quite busy on a lot of appointment from other people which she haven't met at all which made her curious why is the Admiral being summoned all the times. But for now, she can monopolize him at this moment of time and that is all that matters.<br />



==A season of Closeness: Danger chapter==

A few hours after, the Admiral has made an announcement for the Halloween and the ball which probably approved as a tradition since the Admiral likes to dance too. Anyways, the mood of the base has improved even though some of them were tired from their fishing mission.

<br />
One of those people were excited on the said ball is Mikazuki who didn't went to the last year's ball since her existence is quite weak and the darkness makes her invisible from everyone else. Mikazuki decided that she will attend this year's ball and make her statement.

<br />
On the other hand, Kamikaze was surprised to see the changes that were happening inside the base. Afterall, it's her first time she witness a transformation on the base she always thought to be normal.

<br />
"It seems that they are quite busy. Also, what is the ball? Isn't that item you used in playing sports?" Kamikaze made a remark while walking with Harukaze who seemed to be amazed too.

<br />
"Onee-chan, I think the ball they were referring to is the ballroom party. I-8 told me that it was quite a good occasion."

<br />
"Dancing? I wonder if I can participate on that." Kamikaze replies as she taps the floor.

<br />
Soon, a figure approaches the two... Rather, it was an imposing one since she is a character that is always associated with dance. No, it's not the Idol Naka who seemed to be busy asking Nagato to make her a dress for that ball. It's the blond destroyer who is also known as a dance idiot.

<br />
"It seems that the newbie is troubled... Let me help you with that." Maikaze offered her hand after she makes her entrance.<br />
Kamikaze was surprised to see Maikaze, for the two have yet to meet until today. Maikaze however has heard news about Kamikaze which all came from the underground channel she is subscribed to which made her data gathering slightly better than any normal shipgirl. Rather, those who were romantically related to the Admiral were required to subscribe to this data gathering channel.

<br />
"You must be Maikaze-san?" Kamikaze inquires.

<br />
"I am Maikaze. And I happen to be an inhabitant of the dance studio." Maikaze replied earnestly. "Now I see, you have more of..."

<br />
Nowaki interrupted Maikaze as she introduced herself to the two.

<br />
"Please forgive Maikaze's weird remarks... I am Nowaki, nice meeting you two."

<br />
"Nice meeting you too." Kamikaze replied as she shakes Nowaki's hand.

<br />
"Nowachi, why do you have to cut my conversation? Unfair!" Maikaze complains as she flails softly on Nowaki.

<br />
"You are acting like an old perverted geezer. Maikaze, please don't let the Admiral see that side..."

<br />
"I see... Well, he'll accept me anyways, Hahahah!" Maikaze laughed as she waltzes away.

<br />
Nowaki excuses herself and she immediately runs to catch Maikaze who is running as fast as the wind.

<br />
"Maikaze-san sure is interesting, Right? Harukaze, what is wrong?"

<br />
Harukaze's face was already pale for some reason...

<br />
"Harukaze has it rough. Let's go now, nothing bad will happen to us." Kamikaze drags Harukaze, but Harukaze snaps out of her fear and she tried to stop Kamikaze from Advancing.

<br />
"Onee-chan, not today. Please let's use the other road... Maikaze-san is dangerous."

<br />
"Dangerous?" Kamikaze inquires as she can't understand what Harukaze meant for that.

<br />
"Onee-chan, please trust me for now. I will tell you why she is dangerous some time later."

<br />
And the two went on the other way.<br />



===Harukaze's reason.===

"I saw it! There is dark aura emanating from Maikaze as she looks at you onee-chan, a shadow that is ready to rip a soul apart. I don't know why, but she is bad news." Harukaze explains to Kamikaze as they eat their meal.

<br />
"Dangerous? But Harukaze, I got her approval already? So why are you saying that?"

<br />
Harukaze sips the juice she ordered from the mess hall.

<br />
"She is docile and harmless at first, but... Each time she smiles at us, I can sense a deep dark power beneath her. It's like it's waiting for us to let our guard down."

<br />
Kamikaze looked unconvinced as she sips her tea.

<br />
"But you know, how can I get to know them if I can't face the dangers within them. I do admit that Samidare scared me, but I managed to win her approval. Maikaze will be a tough battle to fight, but let me handle this."

<br />
"Alright, But be careful, Ask for Mikazuki-san's help if you must." Harukaze voiced her concerns to her elder sister who seemed ready to go.

<br />
"Harukaze, you haven't got a wish right?" Kamikaze asked as she stood up.

<br />
"None, I already lost when you told me that the Commander has given you a wish."

<br />
Kamikaze pats Harukaze's shoulder and she bid farewell to her sister as she goes to the dance studio. Harukaze can only watch her older sister brave the danger that lies ahead of them.<br />



==A season of Closeness: Fake End==

Samidare is currently looking at the scenery on her window of her room. It was the time where her work is done and she is taking a break from it. She is inside of her office as she looks at the falling leaves. She is currently looking at the ring the Admiral has given to her. It was a ring meant for provisional marriage, which happened one day and it caught her by surprise. However, now is not the time to tell how things happened since this is not a part of it.

<br />
Anyways, Suzukaze who was with her is currently bored to death waiting for her sister to stand up.

<br />
"Samidare, even though you got married recently, you make it look like you are not married at all. C'mon stick close to him, offer your body..."

<br />
Without a moment’s pause, Suzukaze felt the chilling wind that blows to her body.

<br />
"I wonder... even after getting married... ehehehe~, The Admiral hasn't even called my name yet... ehehehe... "

<br />
Suzukaze knew that she somehow triggered Samidare's rage meter and Samidare is losing herself in the process.<br />
But before Samidare can even go worse the Admiral has opened the door.

<br />
"Samidare, are you free tonight? Come and join us for dinner. The three of us will do it. I wonder if I should Ask Kamikaze too. Samidare, wanna join?"

<br />
Soon, Samidare's rage meter goes down to 1% and she reverted to her normal self. Rather, Samidare immediately run towards the Admiral and she embraced him tightly and replied yes without thinking back.

<br />
"Thanks Samidare. I guess I have to ask Kamikaze later."

<br />
Samidare's face soon changed and the Admiral took notice of it. Suzukaze felt that the rage would return.

<br />
"Alright, I won't ask her tonight."

<br />
Samidare's face lightens up and the Admiral has averted the danger that lies with Samidare's rage.

<br />
"Anyways, I will take my leave now. Samidare, you'll join me now?"

<br />
"Yes." Samidare agreed and she wraps her arms around the Admiral's.

<br />
Suzukaze watches the two leave as she stayed at the office.

<br />
"Oh well, things changes whenever he is here." Suzukaze muttered as she sits on the chair.<br />



==Hidden Theater - The most unlikely friedship ever seen.==

There was a group that was on the rise this moment of time, this group was finally complete with the arrival of their 'cool guy' which made their team a cohesive unit that is bound to support The Admiral with all their might.

<br />
But also, they also endorsed one girl who belonged to a different group.

<br />
"Say, are we ready?" Arashi prompted the rest of DesDiv 4 to cheer for the passing Kazagumo.

<br />
The other three were not totally into it as Maikaze is itching herself to dance, Nowaki just having a normal expression, but already wearing a worried face. And Hagikaze is currently locks Arashi's arm into hers.

<br />
"Umm, I know this is quite a surprise cheer for her, but why are we like this?" Arashi complained.

<br />
"You see, Kazagumo-chan told me to stay out of it. So I will honor her decision." Maikaze replied as she eats pocky sticks.<br />
Nowaki just followed Maikaze's explanation.

<br />
"Arashi, let's play~" Hagikaze tries to tugs Arashi's arm as she tries to drag Arashi.

<br />
Before Kazagumo arrived at their spot, she noticed the noise that permeates through the area.

<br />
Kazagumo Opens her mouth and she calls out to the 4 who were hiding.

<br />
"I know I did mention to Maikaze to stay out of it, so who is the leader this time?"<br />
<br />
Arashi pops her head out and she greeted the grumpy Kazagumo.

<br />
"Yo. It's my idea."

<br />
Arashi stood up and the rest of DesDiv 4 showed up and they all greeted her.

<br />
Kazagumo sighs as she sees the idiotic Destroyer Division.

<br />
"Maikaze, teach me how to dance. I want to dance with the Admiral."

<br />
"Alright Guys, I will take my leave now. I will teach three girls how to dance."

<br />
"Alright!" Nowaki replied as she walks out of the area.

<br />
"Well then Mai, teach her and those girls those dances and me and Arashi will go play for a bit. Catch on you later then."

Hagikaze pulls Arashi as they walk away.

<br />
Maikaze was left with Kazagumo at the entrance of the dance studio.

<br />
"Now then, shall we start classes?" Maikaze offers her hand to Kazagumo like a guy asking for a girl's hand

<br />
"Alright." Kazagumo accepts Maikaze's offer and held her hand.

<br />
The two went in and they started to do dancing, Kamikaze arrived a bit later and she asked if she can also join the dance. All in all, the dancing studio is alive once more due to the girls asking for a dance lesson.

<br />
'''- End.'''

<p class="MsoNormal">
</p>
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]