'''''Author’s note: This is the wacky side stories that features the girls themselves minus the involvement of the admiral. Or sometimes, if the admiral is just involved, he is nothing more but a side character.'''''

==Prologue: A day as a secretary: Sazanami style.==

Sazanami day starts when the alarm clock strikes 5:30 in the morning. It was early for most people, but for her, It’s the best time to wake her sleepy machineries that are still on slumber mode.<br />“So cold…”<br />Then, she gathered herself once more and get out of the bed to start the day.

And so, after doing a lot of personal chores, Sazanami donned her uniform that looked like a hybrid between a serafuku and a maid dress. But even so, she claimed that it was due to the fact that it’s HQ’s intention to make her more distinct. However, what she didn’t know is that the one who requested such a change came from the person she reports to.

Soon, as she knocks at the door to the Admiral’s office, Sazanami opens it using a spare key that she received from the Admiral in case he isn’t around. But since there was no reply on the other side (rather, since the room is sound proofed, how can one know what’s happening on the other side?), Sazanami unlocks the door using the spare key.

As the the door opens, Sazanami noticed a person holding something at the table. It was Samidare who is currently holding the admiral’s spare uniform. Sazanami assumed that Samidare is doing that just to check if it’s fresh or not.

“The Admiral’s scent… haah… haah…”<br />“Samidare, you’re early.”<br />“Wha!?”

Samidare quickly folded the uniform and she placed it at the top of the Admiral’s desk.

“Say, why are you looking so flustered… don’t tell me…”<br />“It’s not like that… I promise, I wasn’t sniffing his clothes because he just removed them or something like that…”<br />“I see…”<br />“wah… why am I even revealing what I just did just now?”

Sazanami inferred that the clothes right now were the newest clothes that the Admiral prepared, however, he has forgotten to take it with him due to some miraculous reasons, and now; Samidare is taking the advantage to sniff the Admiral’s scent on it while it still lingers.

“Samidare, how long since Master went out to jog?”<br />“Around 15 minutes ago.”<br />“Samidare, let me sniff that too.”<br />“Eh…”

And so, Sazanami did what Samidare has done a few minutes ago and all the while, they took turns sniffing out the Admiral’s scent until…

“Master’s scent…”<br />“Ahem. Hiro told me to bring his clothes back but…”

The name of the intruder is also known as Kinugasa.<br />Samidare and Sazanami immediately folded the clothes and Sazanami gave it to Kinugasa who seemed to be quite amused to what she saw just now.

“Say, you two have got too much time sniffing out his clothing, aren’t you?”

Sazanami didn’t spoke a word at all.

“Anyways, it’s fine for as long as nothing miraculous happen in the end. See you later then.”

And Kinugasa took the clothes and she started to walk out of the office. Samidare and Sazanami were a bit surprised not to get teased by the girl who have been with the admiral for the longest of time. And so, the two decided to return to work and to wipe away any kinds of embarrassing memories they have during that time.

Later that day, the Admiral has stumbled upon the truth; but he didn’t question the two for their own sake.



==<br />Wakaba and Hatsushimo==

Wakaba is currently staring at Hatsushimo as Hatsushimo tries to get the cat’s attention.<br />“Here Kitty…”<br />But despite her best efforts, everything was in vain.<br />“Hatsushimo. Let’s switch sides.”<br />“Can you do it?”<br />“I’ll do it.”<br />A bit hesitant, Hatsushimo switched placed with Wakaba and Wakaba tries to call the cat.

“Batsu…”<br />“eh!?”<br />“Hatsushimo, don’t you know this little guy’s name?”<br />“No. But why Batsu…, I simply like it.”<br />“haah…”<br />“Anyways…”

Wakaba then puts her hand near the cat and then, the cat attacks Wakaba’s hand. Hatsushimo tries to warn Wakaba but it’s too late.

“Ow… But this is fine…”<br />“Wakaba-chan, are you hurt?”<br />“Not really. Rather, this is nothing at all.”<br />“But…”<br />“But because of that…”

Wakaba shows Hatsushimo that she is now holding the cat as the cat gladly accepts the hand that was attacked a while ago.

“I don’t understand…”<br />“Because, if we show to them that we are also afraid, they might not trust us. Also… I am fine being scratched like this…”<br />Wakaba removed her bandage on her hand revealing a lot of cuts and scratches from her previous engagement with the other cats.

“That is…”<br />“I learned it the hard way. Of course, I decided to keep it as a memento unless I got badly damage on a sortie. But right now, I have etched in my mind to not be afraid of anything that is ahead of you.”<br />“I see… But Wakaba-chan, if you kept it like that, why didn’t you just let Akashi-san give you some bandages? I think she has quite a lot of cutely designed bandages over there.”<br />“I see. Well then, let’s go and surprise Nenohi.”<br />“Yup.”

And so, the two visited Akashi and Akashi happily treated Wakaba’s wound(s) and gave her a big band aid to cover her past and present wounds. But even with that, Wakaba has already learned a lesson about life and it will forever be etched inside of her heart and no one will take that away from her.


Later that afternoon, they tried doing that to Tama who was sleeping on the bench. But what happened after that is truly a mess.<br />



==Mikazuki’s Hair==

Mikazuki’s hair is truly loved by the admiral and Mikazuki painstakingly takes care of it so that the shine of her long, black glossy hair will forever be utntainted in the eyes of the Admiral. But even with such dedication, her hair still became a victim of someone’s prank that was just started out of fun.

U****: Listen, right now, Mikazuki-chan is sleeping. We shall call it ‘operation white night.’ Any objections?

Nobody voiced out their complains since they all have agreed to do it.

K*******: But a girl’s hair is her life. What will happen If she saw that?<br />Y****: Even so, Mikazuki has done something atrocious to us. I mean, he took Commander away from us. She should share her rewards equally to us.<br />M******: Indeed. Mikazuki-chan is always taking everything and she never left anything else for the rest of us.<br />M********: I am tired. Can I sleep now?<br />S******: You can’t. If you sleep, we can’t do this operation at all…<br />M********: Indeed. What a bother…<br />F*******: Umm… I think what we are going to do is an insult. I mean, can we do other things instead. This is a bit…<br />U****: Shut it. Deep inside, you wanted to take revenge too. Also, why is the Admiral being too chummy on you lately. Did you do something? Spill it out!!!<br />F*******: Hue! I didn’t do anything. I swear. I didn’t do anything at all!<br />Y****: Anyways. For the last time, does anyone wanted to back out of this?

No one responded to the question and they have nodded their heads in agreement. Soon, the girls procure some materials and started to do something horrible to Mikazuki’s hair.



The next morning, Mikazuki woke up in her room and started her day by going to the bath. As soon as she faces the mirror, Mikazuki’s voice was heard all over the destroyer’s dorm.

Mikazuki: NOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!

<br />A few hours after, Mikazuki came out with her hair perfectly dyed to white as if she was born with that hair color and everyone started to call her Kikuzuki instead of her name.<br />One of those who called out to her was her sister Nagatsuki who was just rescued from a sortie.

Nagatsuki: Kikuzki. You looked grumpy.<br />Mikazuki: I am Mikazuki.<br />Nagatsuki: Impossible, Mikazuki should have long black hair and…

Nagatsuki froze as she saw Mikazuki draws out her sword out of nowhere…

Nagatsuki: Yikes. Looks like you are Mikazuki. But how come your hair is white?”<br />Mikazuki: I woke up today and I found myself seeing my hair turned to white. I mean, Am I that stressed over to make my hair become white?<br />Nagatsuki: I doubt that’s the case.<br />Mikazuki: If that’s true… then there must be a culprit.<br />Nagatsuki: If there is a culprit. It’s someone else’s job to punish that person.<br />Mikazuki: However, they have fought the wrong enemy…'' I am the one who protects the weak, the moonlight that comes after the sun and the knight that the commander relies upon. Heed my call! My sword, Mikazuki will be used to draw blood to the ones who have tarnished my name and my image!''

After Mikazuki ceremoniously chanted her words, a katana came out of nowhere and Mikazuki grabbed it and soon, her white hair slowly turned black and her age grew too, to match the Admiral’s current age.

Nagatsuki: WHO ARE YOU!?<br />MIkazuki: me? I am just the Mikazuki who wanted to be at the commander’s side. Anyways, I have an idea who to track down.<br />Nagatsuki: Wait, how will sure are you?<br />Mikazuki: Evidences of footprints at my doorsteps and some fingerprints left in the area. However, I have no time to call forensics over that. I’ll just have to trust my deductions…<br />Nagatsuki: Wait… You are not Sherlock…

But Mikazuki has been long gone before Nagatsuki can say what she wanted to say.<br />


Mikazuki started to go on the place she doesn’t want to go at all. It was a place where she knew that bad people gather, but even so… she had no choice but to collect intel about the matters.

Aoba: Welcome. Oh, is that Mikazuki-chan?<br />Mikazuki: Sorry for the intrusion. But for now, I am like this because I wanted to hide something from Hiro-san.<br />Aoba: Hiro is surely being loved. Anyways, what does our adult Mikazuki wanted from me?<br />Mikazuki: I want some records of the conversation that happened outside of my room from 1 AM to 4 AM.<br />Aoba: That’s a short window.<br />Mikazuki: It’s fine. I am pretty sure it took them a while before they perfected their prank.<br />Aoba: I see. Mikazuki-chan. My services are not for free. Can you give me a payment for such request?<br />Mikazuki: I have no money at the moment…<br />Aoba: Your current form is enough of payment. Let me get my camera. By the way, did Hiro-kun see you in that form?<br />Mikazuki: Not yet. I always make sure not to transform whenever I use my sword.<br />Aoba: Then this is good enough. Delicious indeed…

Aoba soon grabbed her camera and soon, Mikazuki did what Aoba has instructed of her.


Later that night…

Uzuki: La la la la…<br />Yayoi: You seem to be in a good mood.<br />Uzuki: Of course, it’s such a good day today. Nothing to worry about… Yayoi-nee, what’s that…

Uzuki pointed out at the front door of their room and there is a person lying in front of the door. It was Mochizuki who seemed to have her life drained right out of her.

Uzuki: Mochi, speak. Who did this to you?<br />Soon, the unconscious Mochizuki opens her eyes and she slowly started to speak the name of the person who have done such a deed to Mochizuki.

Mochizuki: It’s Mikazuki. Uzuki, Yayoi. We have been compromised.<br />After hearing those words, Uzuki and Yayoi understood that in no time, they’ll be hunted down. But even so…

Fumizuki: KYAA!!!<br />Mikazuki: I see. I always thought of you as a good sister. I have trusted you…<br />Fumizuki: Wait. I tried to make them change it. I swear… I’ll even give you my favorite dish for a week just to forgive me. Mikazuki-chan, I am sorry.

Tears fell from Fumizuki’s eyes and Mikazuki understood that she shouldn’t punish Fumizuki severly.

Mikazuki: Well then, eat this…<br />Mikazuki gave Fumizuki a piece of red chili pepper.

Fumizuki: That is…<br />Mikazuki: Eat it. I will forgive you.<br />Fumizuki: Fue…<br />Mikazuki: Or do you want to see your blood being extracted from your gut?

Fumizuki saw a different side to Mikazuki as Fumizuki helplessly accepted her punishment and soon…<br />Fumizuki: So hot! Water!<br />Mikazuki gave her a glass of cold water and asked her a question.

Mikazuki: Who are the others?<br />Fumizuki: Kisaragi-nee and Mutsuki-nee are with us too. Mochizuki-chan, Satsuki-chan and Uzuki and Yayoi too.<br />Mikazuki: I have dealt with Mochizuki. I have already made Kisaragi and Mutsuki repend. Three left… Thanks.<br />And Mikazuki gave Fumizuki a bottle of cold water just in case it’s not enough and decided to run towards her next target.


Before Mikazuki can reach Yayoi and Uzuki, Satsuki halted her advance.

Satsuki: Oh wow, you looked pretty cool… I wish I have that power.<br />Mikazuki: Move. I am going to the masterminds already.<br />Satsuki: Sorry Mika. But you’ll have to go through me. It’s Uzuki’s orders.<br />Mikazuki: I see. But what can you do you are just a…

But before Mikazuki can blink, her hands are tied to a lot of strings which was deployed around the area.<br />Satuki: Dare to underestimate me and you’ll be the one who get her ass kicked.<br />Mikazuki: I heard Kazagumo can use wires too. But you are on a different level.<br />Satsuki: Well duh! Because, Kazagumo-san is my student. I learned this directly from the Commander himself.<br />Mikazuki: How troublesomel… However.

In a flash, the wires that binds Mikazuki were cut and the wires fell to the ground. But even so, Mikazuki’s damage was seen since the wires have hugged some parts of her body which left her clothes sliced to a degree where her skin can be seen through it. But Mikazuki didn’t mind it since she can always change clothes after the fight.

Satsuki: I am pretty sure I tied you up neatly, how did you do that?<br />Mikazuki: A master never shows his secret to the face of his enemies. ''Sword stance C – Crane’s gratitude.''

As soon as Mikazuki named her attack, she vanished along with the darkness and soon, pain assaulted Satsuki as she was being attacked from all directions. After that, Mikazuki appears and She returned her sword back to the hilt. However, Satsuki survived the attack by wrapping the wires around her body making a small membrane of defense to block the deadly strike from Mikazuki’s blade. But even so, Satsuki is no longer in a shape where she can fight once again.

Mikazuki: Sorry for going all out with you. But I did consider using the back of my sword for you. After all, I can’t harm my sister.<br />Satsuki: What a flat lie. You intended to kill me, didn’t you?<br />Mikazuki: Well…<br />Satsuki: Anyways, I don’t have the strength to fight you back so go on ahead.<br />Mikazuki: Alright. Arare-san, heal her wounds.

Soon, Arare appears from the darkness and she started to tend to Satsuki’s wounds.<br />Arare: You have noticed my presence.<br />Mikazuki: I am pretty much sure you’ll be around. It’s the destroyer’s dorm afterall.<br />Arare: That’s true. Anyways, I think Onii-chan will have some nosebleeds if see you like that.<br />Mikazuki: Right.

Mikazuki then changes her damaged clothes into the new set of clothes she hid a few hours ago.<br />Mikazuki: Aren’t you gonna help me?<br />Arare: Me? No. I am just a medic and a referee. As long as you abide to the rules, there is no need for me to intervene. By the way, your last attack was cutting a bit close to danger.<br />Mikazuki: Even while using the back of the sword?<br />Arare: That technique just amplifies the damage the user has experienced and returns it to the sender to the form of multiple strikes. Of course, the higher then combos landed, the deadlier the attack becomes. The attack from Satsuki’s wire has a damage over time so, if it continues to constrict you for at least 3 minutes, you’ll be landing an attack with a duration of 3 minutes to the enemy after you declare the name of your attack. In my opinion, that attack itself is overkill.<br />Mikazuki: But then, Hiro-san have avoided this a lot of times.<br />Arare: But the Admiral is a different case. He is a monster of a different degree.<br />Mikazuki: That’s true.<br />Arare: Anyways, Yayoi and Uzuki are at the dojo. I heard that they asked help from someone.<br />Mikazuki: From who?<br />Arare: Sendai-san.<br />Mikazuki: What a pain… Anyways, come with me.<br />Arare: I can’t.<br />Mikazuki: Why?<br />Arare: Onii-chan told me not to intervene the battle. Also, I have a wounded person to attend too for now.<br />Mikazuki: Oh right. Sorry. I’ll go ahead then.<br />Arare: Good luck. Well, you can win that anyways.


Mikazuki soon arrives at the dojo to where formal matches were held. Once a week, Sendai asks her to duel with her and every time they fight Sendai loses. But this time around…

Sendai: Yo Kiddo. I am gotta take you on this time around. Also…<br />Uzuki: I am here to help.<br />Yayoi: Me too…<br />The three have a confident look at their face as they saw the door opens But, Sendai was surprised to see the enemy she is fighting with.

Sendai: Unfair…<br />Uzuki: Wha…<br />Yayioi: How!?

The person who entered is indeed Mikazuki, however; since using her sword, she looks like she is in her mid-20s and her body is slightly girlish with a hint of some curves protruding at the right areas. To Mikazuki, she kinda wished her body is slightly slim and athletic with so that she can move better. But due to the fact that her desires took effect first…

Yayoi: Somehow, seeing Mikazuki looked like that makes us lose our composure.<br />Uzuki: Indeed-pyon.<br />Sendai: To hell with that. This is perfect, now, I have no reasons to hold back.<br />Uzuki: So, you were holding back… But you still lost to her. What an excuse.<br />Sendai: Shut it. You two do your job already.<br />Yayoi: Roger.<br />Uzuki: Alright.

Mikazuki faced the three as she readies her sword. But before Mikazuki can attack…

Yayoi: Gotcha!<br />A fishing line caught the sword and Yayoi and Uzuki started to take away Mikazuki’s sword which resulted to Mikazuki reverting to her younger form.

Mikazuki: I see…<br />Sendai: Sorry to burst your bubble, but I will win this time.<br />Mikazuki: Uzuki-nee, Yayoi-nee. Is this the best plan you three can think of?<br />Uzuki: It is. We are quite happy right now to see your white hair.<br />Yayoi: Indeed. Anyways, you can’t beat Sendai-san now. We have given her an advantage in this room.<br />Soon, Mikazuki noticed a lot of wires deployed in the area.

Sendai: If you have fought Satsuki a while ago, I guess you knew what those wires can do?<br />Mikazuki: Damage over time. It has a restricting effect and it destroys clothes too. What a pain indeed.<br />Sendai: Sorry to make things difficult for you, but The Admiral agreed to this; so, no hard feelings in the end, okay?<br />Mikazuki: Whatever.<br />Sendai: Well then, Here I come!!!<br />And Sendai dashed towards the unarmed Mikazuki.

A few minutes has passed since the two has started fighting, Sendai managed to attack Mikazuki relentlessly while cornering her into the wires.<br />Sendai: Not bad.<br />Mikazuki: Indeed. I am…<br />Sendai: Not so fast!!!<br />Sendai threw a kunai to Mikazuki but Mikazuki dodges it, however.<br />Sendai: Got you now!!!<br />Mikazuki: Kyaa!

Sendai landed a kick to Mikazuki’s stomach and she went straight towards the wires where her body was wrapped around by it.

Uzuki: Success-pyon.<br />Yayoi: Indeed.<br />Sendai: I wish I could have beaten her with my own power. But she is a tough girl to fight.<br />Yayoi: Anyways, since Mikazuki has been defeated. I guess we’ll give you our payment at a later date.<br />Sendai: No need. It doesn’t even feel a fight at all…<br />Uzuki: By the way, the sword is still moving…<br />Sendai: What!?<br />Soon, the wires that surrounded Mikazuki were cut and MIkazuki stood up from it while being enveloped by a dark sinister light.

Sendai: You two!!! Get back!!! She is dangerous!!!<br />Sendai saw a dark being that emerge from Mikazuki.

Wearing a long black ceremonial dress, a black Mikazuki is standing holding a white dagger.<br />Black Mikazuki: I have been freed.<br />Sendai: What are you?<br />Black Mikazuki: I am just a fragment of her darkness. Well, I am nothing compares to my master.<br />Sendai: Master?<br />Black Mikazuki: I believe she calls him Hiro or some sort. Well, Master is quite a strong guy afterall.<br />Sendai: (What the hell did I just signed up to?)<br />Black Mikazuki: Anyways, since she called out to me, then it means that things are a bit too hard for her to handle it alone. Shall we dance?

Soon, Black Mikazuki appears in front of Sendai and she kicked her in her stomach and Sendai flew towards the wall and Sendai slams towards the wall without even defending herself.

Sendai: AHhh!<br />Sendai lost consciousness and the Black Mikazuki aimed her anger towards the two.

Uzuki: Forgive us-pyon.<br />Yayoi: Forgive us.<br />Black MIkazuki: I will forgive you… In your deaths!!!

The Black Mikazuki raises her dagged and she attempted to stab the two but was interrupted with the arrival of two girls. One with a shoulder length blue hair with twintails and one with a very bored look on her face.

Suzukaze: What time is it? It’s time for you to sleep?<br />At the clap of Suzukaze’s hand, the Black Mikazuki suddenly loses her power to fight and reverts to her original form saving Uzuki and Yayoi from her demise.

Arare: It’s quite a trouble getting here… Are you two alright?<br />Uzuki: YOU SAVED US! THANK GOODNESS!!!<br />Yayoi on the other hand started to cry as the tragedy has ended.<br />Suzukaze: But you two, how did you managed to corner her. Oh, you have taken away her sword. That sword is the link to her sanity after all. If you remove that sword from her, an evil presence will take over and it’s a pain dealing with her honestly.

The two didn’t reply as their mind was filled with fear as Suzukaze slowly calms the two down as Arare carried Mikazuki who was now asleep back to her room. Her hair hasn’t returned to its original color but Arare will surely leave a hair coloring dye for now.

Arare: Anyways, the hunt is finally over. Sendai-san, if you can still walk, start now or I might have to send you to Akashi-san later.

Sendai groaned as she held her stomach which was hit by Mikazuki’s surprise counter.<br />Sendai: Still painful. Anyways, what’s with her deal anyways and with the sword?<br />Arare: I have no idea where to start, but it must have been released since she was in the most desperate situation where she can’t use a sword to fight.<br />Sendai: How about the black one? I know she had that too.<br />Arare: I didn’t know she had a spare sword. Onii-chan, I mean the Admiral didn’t told me that.<br />Sendai: Well I guess there must have been a reason. Arare, I will take my leave already. Put the sword besides Mikazuki when you return her to her room.<br />Arare: Alright.<br />Sendai: Even though I don’t think the sisters really hated Mikazuki, it’s more of they wanted to get her attention just once since…<br />Arare: It’s quite understandable. But no one amongst them did the coloring job.<br />Sendai: eh!?<br />Arare: Afterall, they are still siblings and I think they have the gall to do that.<br />Sendai: Then, who did it?<br />Arare: Hmm… I will do that in her stead. I got more reliable sources that hers.<br />Sendai: Alright.<br />Sendai walked towards the darkness of the night while holding the injured part of her body, Arare on the other hand took a cloth on her skirt pocket and she started wiping Mikazuki’s hair. Slowly, her hair turned black as if magic was applied.

Arare: Somehow, my experiment was complete. Though I should silence someone for a bit since she did saw me do it.<br />Arare carried Mikazuki into her room and after she finished putting Mikazuki into her bed, she looked at the camera outside and waved at it signaling the end of the record.

The next day, Mikazuki was delighted to see her hair was back to black and soon, Uzuki and Yayoi begged for her forgiveness and she forgiven them so easily as if nothing bad has happened. But deep inside Uzuki and Yayoi’s heart, they’ll never forget the monster that almost killed them if they haven’t been too careful.

And Arare soon got a scolding from the Admiral… It seems that Arare failed to secure the copy of the conversation she had with her co-conspirator. In anyways, the Admiral didn’t really mind with her actions for as long as there’s no one harmed into the said experiment. Also, the Admiral was delighted to get some pictures he never thought would exist. But that’s a different story altogether.<br />



==Aoba speaks: Interview files.==

Aoba: Hello everyone, Aoba speaking and this is my very new corner where I will interview someone inside the base. Of course, the Admiral is not included since we talk a lot about things. But nonetheless, expect something corny along the way. Anyways, this time’s visitor is no other than our resident Accountant and is known to have supporting the base ever since she was assigned here. Of course, she is one of the Admiral’s lover and is pretty much feared upon the naval base. Without further ado, I introduce you to our very own Kinugasa-san!!!

<br />[insert random Applause]

<br />Kinugasa: Kinugasa speaking. Anyways Aoba, why did you summon me all the way here and what’s with these audience?<br />Aoba: C’mon now sis, even though we are sister ships we are pretty much don’t spend time together. All you speak is accounting terms and those ever-crunching numbers that you seemed to love. Anyways, do you love working more than the Admiral?<br />Kinugasa: What? Of course, I love the Admiral. It’s just that he is busy with work. Anyways what’s with the smirk on your face?<br />Aoba: Nothing really.

Kinugasa had a blush on her face as Aoba teases her more.<br />Aoba: Anyways, Kinugasa-san is always called Kino(-san) by our trusted Admiral. Can you give me the details to that?<br />Kinugasa: That’s my real name, before I got to know I was a ship-girl.<br />Aoba: I see. So, you are a half then?<br />Kinugasa: I haven’t much changed since then. It must have been because of that. Anyways, what’s half?<br />Aoba: It is referred to the ship-girls who were ship-girls when they were born. Of course, there hasn’t been a case of a full one.<br />Kinugasa: We do have a full one here.<br />Aoba: Oh, I forgot. That kid was a full one. Anyways, let’s drop the terms talk and head somewhere else.<br />Kinugasa: Indeed. Anyways, can we take a break for a bit?<br />Aoba: Why?<br />Kinugasa: I still have urgent records…<br />Aoba: leave that to Sakawa for now. She is your protégé right?<br />Kinugasa: indeed. But I think…<br />Aoba: leave her alone. Think of it as how well you have managed to educate Sakawa about those balancing figures which pretty much hurt my head.<br />Kinugasa: now I know why you hated visiting the office.<br />Aoba: Indeed.

[5-minute break]

Aoba: And now were back and Kinugasa-san is still here with us. Anyways, tell me something good about yourself.<br />Kinugasa: Do I have to say that?<br />Aoba: it’s for my RATINGS!!!<br />Kinugasa: Honestly, I don’t care but I better help you out a bit then. Anyways, nowadays, I managed to keep my temper in-check. But maybe because I don’t want Hiro to be trouble by my own instability at times.<br />Aoba: oh.<br />Kinugasa: Anyways, I find it a bit tolerable now whenever some girls deliberately flirting with Hiro. But since they are being Monitored by that pipsqueak. I guess things are a bit manageable now. Anyways, I am not Sazanami who would knife out her competitors away. I am the type who gathers them and then destroy them all in one move.<br />Aoba: Kinugasa-san, you are scaring our younger viewers here.<br />Kinugasa: Sorry.<br />Aoba: Anyways, now that I think about it, you and the Admiral are engaged way before he became an Admiral and way before you started working for him. Were you perhaps a princess?<br />Kinugasa: No. A princess would be a bit overboard. I think Kumano-san is more of a princess than I do. But nonetheless, I am a daughter of a wealthy family.<br />Aoba: I see. So how the two of you became engaged. I can smell parental connections.<br />Kinugasa: It was indeed made from the agreement between our families. But if Hiro didn’t really like the idea of him being tied down already so I let him decide about things. Though in the end, he decided to stake it all out with me.<br />Aoba: I see. So, I can presume you two are childhood friends too.<br />Kinugasa: Indeed. We spend more time together than anyone in this base.<br />Aoba: I see. (she must have been referring to Samidare too who have been Hiro’s childhood friend too.)<br />Kinugasa: Anyways, I think I really need to get back to work…<br />Aoba: (ignores Kinugasa’s concern) By the way, I have asked the Admiral about this interview and he gave me a go signal. So, it’ll be fine even if you are gone for a bit longer.<br />Kinugasa: if you say so…<br />Aoba: Anyways, time for some little intermission…

[5-minute break]


Aoba: (facing the camera) And now we’re back. Anyways, still here with me is our very own Kinugasa-san. And I will ask a question now.

Aoba faces Kinugasa and she pulled out one more question card on her hand.<br />Aoba: Well then. I heard back before that you and Choukai-san were a bit in bad-terms. Can you give me the details about it?<br />Kinugasa: Oh that. It’s just a trivial matter between us. As memories returned to those who have been transformed, the emotions those memory hold were also carried over. As for Choukai’s case, we have a quarrel back when we were young so when she remembered that part, she kept her distance away.<br />Aoba: I see. But it doesn’t matter, right? Since you two are friends.<br />Kinugasa: Indeed. Though I am still apologetic to what I have done to her in the past. She has forgiven me and we are now quite good friends now.<br />Aoba: I see. Anyways, have you two decided if you would share or not?<br />Kinugasa: Sharing? Of course, I won’t let go or share. I will not back down without a fight, even if we are friends.<br />Aoba: I see. So, you won’t allow anyone else to join you two during those times.<br />Kinugasa: Well. I am thinking of letting Kumano join too if she is fine with that.<br />Aoba: I see.

[silence]

Aoba: Anyways, let’s change the topic now. Anyways I have a lot of brief questions here. Answer them shortly too.<br />Kinugasa: Alright.<br />Aoba: Love or Career?<br />Kinugasa: Both<br />Aoba: Can you choose one?<br />Kinugasa: Oh. I guess that’ll be love.<br />Aoba: Why?<br />Kinugasa: My time spent with Hiro is 10 times better than spending time on my businesses<br />Aoba: I see. Anyways, Pop or Hip-hop?<br />Kinugasa: I prefer Pop.<br />Aoba: Daytime or nighttime?<br />Kinugasa: Night time. It’s the time where Hiro is sweet.<br />Aoba: Lights on or lights off.<br />Kinugasa: I didn’t really care about that.<br />Aoba: Just answer.<br />Kinugasa: Lights off.<br />Aoba: Oh wow. Left, or right?<br />Kinugasa: Does it really matter? Right.<br />Aoba: Prince or Knight?<br />Kinugasa: Prince<br />Aoba: Princess or Lady?<br />Kinugasa: Princess.<br />Aoba: What’s your favorite quote?<br />Kinugasa: Success is just a step towards happiness.<br />Aoba: What you wanted to happen in the future?<br />Kinugasa: For me and Hiro to stay this close also, for Hiro’s ambitions to realize. Well, it will take some time but I’ll be there with him as always.<br />Aoba: Last Question, if you happen to be not the one for Hiro-san, are you going to be upset?<br />Kinugasa: Honestly, I’ll be mad if that’s going to happen. But, I’ll be happy for as long as he is happy in the end. Both of us have agreed to a point that we will be happy to one another if we ever find a better partner. But honestly, Hiro is the best one for me. I don’t think I’ll ever find someone who really knows me inside and out.<br />Aoba: I see. I shouldn’t have asked you that question.<br />Kinugasa: Nah. I am fine with it. It pains me a bit, but if that’s Hiro’s decision, I really can’t do much about it.<br />Aoba: But Kinugasa, if you really love your man. You need to stand your ground.<br />Kinugasa: It’s rare for me to hear that from you. Have you ever been in that point?<br />Aoba: it’s a secret.<br />Kinugasa: You are no fun.<br />Aoba: Well, that is quite a bit close to comfort…<br />Kinugasa: Now I am interested in your love story…<br />Aoba: Anyways, It’s the end of the talk show. And, I hope see you guys around next time.

[Curtains close]<br />



==Epilogue: A talk about a certain immersion.==

Samidare: Is the Admiral out?<br />Sazanami: Indeed. Master said that he was invited to see something on a different side.<br />Samidare: Oh that…<br />Sazanami: Well, he’ll be back soon. Afterall, he is bored to death there.<br />Samidare: That’s pretty rare for the Admiral to be bored to death.<br />Sazanami: Well, he said that they won’t die at all and he can just let them do what they please. Rather, he questions himself if they ever need an admiral afterall.<br />Samidare: So, you mean to say that he is on a rather fully automated fleet where the Admiral is just there as a decoration.<br />Sazanami: Well, the Admiral’s job there is to make sure that they can procure resources there. But nonetheless, the Master’s job on that side is so easy that he had a lot of time cooking food and play Yu-gi-oh with the destroyers.<br />Samidare: Yu-gi-oh… he is so analog nowadays.<br />Sazanami: To top it off, I think Master is downloading anime and playing League of Legends too due to his boredom. I wish I am there to talk to him.<br />Samidare: Wasn’t there someone he can talk too?<br />Sazanami: I heard he picked Ayanami as a secretary, but most of the time, she is being too flat for him. I guess they need to work on that for a bit. But Master said that their system is quite a lot good. He watched the battles too and he is quite thrilled. Though later, he complained that he can just let them do what they want and in the end, they do a lot better than him commanding the way.<br />Samidare: A place where the Commanding officer isn’t worth much. Well I do like the idea when you told me about Destroyers defeating an aircraft carrier. But then…<br />Sazanami: Our doctrine says that our roles are more of escorting our main firepower and make sure the main fleet lands a decisive strike to the heart of the enemy. Meanwhile, while they follow the same doctrine, the escort fleet is pretty much worked to their wits end while the main fleet makes preparation to their attack. Well, it’s not different to our Carrier task force though they were not bound by that. I heard that they can send 2 fleets at once. And they can send other ships on expedition.<br />Samidare: Sounds too good to be true. I think the Admiral might stay there and all. Wait, why is he going back to us?<br />Sazanami: Because he is just too bored to continue. Well, he already made a preparation to change the leadership there so he is just waiting for his time until his papers were approved. But nonetheless, he can just leave them behind and they won’t even question him.<br />Samidare: What a good place to be if you ask me. But I am quite happy that the Admiral is going back to us.<br />Sazanami: Master said that he only felt the harshness of the battlefield here and even with the best equipment, there are still times when bad occurrences happens. Master did praise the fact that no one dies. But that really, it makes people rush more without facing any consequences.<br />Samidare: Well, it’s just a game some would say.<br />Sazanami: Indeed. We are nothing more but bits and pieces of 0s and 1s.<br />Samidare: Aren’t we glad that someone take care of us and thinks of us as something to be worked on?<br />Sazanami: Indeed. And I am thankful for that. Even if he views us as something to work on, he makes sure that he does his work when required.<br />Samidare: Then, isn’t the Admiral no fun at all?<br />Sazanami: Well, no fun or not. Master is always Master. He’ll be going left and right again but in the end. He’ll decide what’s the best for everyone else.<br />Samidare: Indeed. I kinda wish we would get an upgrade too…<br />Sazanami: Yeah.

As soon as the two has finished talking, the screen was turned off and the Laptop was closed. Then, a young man places his laptop into his bag and walks towards his next lesson.<br />



==Secret track:==

''O golden dawn that shines upon us<br />Thank you for giving us the time to do our best<br />Even though the world seems to be ever changing<br />Each of us have witness a series of hellos and goodbyes''

''But now, everything has changed<br />We are all friends now<br />We are all comrades now<br />Since we all fight the same enemy<br />And even so, all of this was possible because of one person.''

''And so, on his return…<br />We shall welcome him once more<br />And this time, we will ease his tireless heart<br />And hope we bring victory as the dawn rises''

''For now, we will wait.<br />For he has seen greener pastures.<br />And maybe he enjoys it more there than being with us.<br />But even so, we shall wait for the time of your return.''

''And maybe before we knew it…<br />That someday, we would vanish inside of his heart and continue to move on<br />Please don’t forget… even a single bit<br />A time that you have spent with us…<br />Rather, please don’t forget to remember me…<br />Even if you can’t anymore.''




- End
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]