==Spring time==

Spring is the season where the sour cherry blossoms and shows it's lovely pink colored leaves that ony last in a few weeks after blooming.

One said that there is one sour Cherry tree that has never wilted since the time it was born and many generations has passed and tree didn't shown any signs of withering at all.

But, the earlier story is not really that related to the world Sazanami and her Admiral has grown to know about.

'''Hiro''': Hmm... Spring it is... Say, how are the sakura trees faring?

'''Sazanami''': Master, I believe that they are ready to bloom in the next few days or so.

'''Hiro''': I see. Well then, time for our yearly sakura viewing then.

'''Sazanami''': I see. Anyways master, it seems that Shiratsuyu-san wants to learn something about light music.

'''Hiro''': So who are her favorite artists?

'''Sazanami''': I forgot those names already. But when I looked them up in the internet few days ago, All I found are heavy Metal artists.

'''Hiro''': Are you sure she said light music?

'''Sazanami''': Indeed. Oh she is here...

Sazanami waved on the girl who was carrying a Gibson les Paul electric guitar and is imitating a certain character from a certain anime about light music.

That girl enters the Admiral's office and then she plugged the amplifier she is carrying into the wall socket and then, she plugged her guitar into the amplifier.

'''Shiratsuyu''': Admiral. Can you listen to my own melody of spring?

'''Hiro''': Well, I guess its fine.

'''Shiratsuyu''': Well then...

Shiratsuyu took a deep breath and after that, all the windows and glass related items around the base has shattered after Shiratsuyu strummed her electric guitar.


==A day without glasses.==

Due to some fortuitous events, all girls who wears glasses has a hard time doing things on their own because their glasses, along with their spare ones were all shattered.

These are the stories of people who have lost their glasses.



===a. Kirishima===

'''Kirishima''': Damn, I can't see clearly without those glasses... Hiei-neesama? Kongou-neesama? Haruna-neesama? Where are you three?

'''Kongou''': It's fine... We are at your back.

'''Hiei''': Yes. We will be at your back for all the time. So don't worry about us.

'''Haruna''': Haruna is fine...

'''Kirishima''': Why are your voices shaking? Was there a reason?

No one replied for the three of them have run away.



'''Kirishima''': Geez, just tell it to me that you are all scared of me when I lose my glasses.

Kirishima aimlessly walks towards the Admiral's office.



===b. Roma===

Italia is currently guiding Roma towards the Admiral's office to borrow some spare glasses from the glasses vault.

'''Roma''': Damn, I can't see this much after losing my glasses.

'''Italia''': Hmm... Roma-chan, isn't this a good opportunity for you?

'''Roma''': About what?

'''Italia''': Since the Admiral is there waiting for those who have lost their glasses, all you need is do something klutz and let him lead you all the way.

'''Roma''': Wait sister. I think it's not fine if I do that.

'''Italia''': C'mon, we all know that you really like him. Zara-chan has been cheering on you too.

'''Roma''': I see...

'''Italia''': Well then, since we are close to the office...

'''Roma''': Wait a minute. I feel that something is not right.

'''Italia''': Roma-chan, you are just nervous.

'''Roma''': Whatever. Anyways...

Italia opens the door and there the two saw Choukai was sitting above the Admiral. Italia grinned a bit and Roma who can't see what's happening asks the quiet Italia.



===c. Choukai===

Choukai came to the office a few minutes after her glasses broke unexpectedly, she immediately looked for her spare in her drawer only to find that the spare glasses was also shattered.

'''Choukai''': Oh no... What should I do?

Maya who saw the problematic Choukai give her a hand in going to the Admiral's office to ask some spare glasses.

Along the way, Maya felt that she needs to make Choukai more aggressive.



Maya opened the door of the office and there the Admiral was standing there giving glasses to the two Okinamis who came a bit early.

The two Okinamis said their thanks to the admiral and they both left the room.

Maya looked left and right and saw that there is no one near, so Maya decided to push Choukai to the Admiral.



'''Maya''': Choukai... what I will do next will make you grow closer to the Admiral.

'''Choukai''': What will you do Maya-chan.

'''Maya''': Dei!!!

Maya pushes Choukai towards the unguarded Admiral who just face them.

The Admiral catches Choukai immediately, but Maya has thrown a banana peel to where the Admiral's foot was going.

As a result The Admiral fell down and Choukai who was caught by the Admiral a few moments ago fell with him too due to the cause and effect of things.

'''Maya''': Well then, Choukai. I expect great things from you!~

Maya closes the door and she runs away.



A few minutes later, Choukai tries to stand but her feet can't move due to her being close to the Admiral.

'''Hiro''': Choukai, Don't tell me you are frozen in that place due to your anxiety?

'''Choukai''': Sorry...

Then the door opens and Italia and Roma enters the scene.



===d. Ooyodo===

Ooyodo enters the scene while there is a scene of hostility unfolding.

'''Italia''': Oh my, Choukai-san sure made an effort to be noticed by the Admiral.

'''Choukai''': This isn't what you are thinking...

Ooyodo who saw what is unfolding right in front of her eyes started to face palm hard.

'''Ooyodo''': Admiral, can you do something about this mess?

'''Hiro''': Sadly, the best way is to lift Choukai up since she is paralyzed with anxiety.

'''Ooyodo''': I see. Choukai-san, can you let me help you stand up.

'''Choukai''': yes...



Ooyodo pulled Choukai up from her predicament and the Admiral sits in the floor grabbing to his sprained foot.

'''Hiro''': That banana peel did the trick....

Hiro Stoods up and she limply walked towards the sound proof vault and he gave Choukai, Roma and Ooyodo some spare glasses.

'''Hiro''': You three, I'll have to call the ophthalmologist to correctly measure your glasses grade. But for now, these glasses are there just as substitutes.

'''Choukai''': Yes Admiral.

'''Ooyodo''': Indeed. This is a bit fit to me, but I need to find a better one.

'''Roma''': Oh. This glasses is perfect. Can I keep it?

'''Hiro''': Hmm... I guess so.

'''Italia''': So Admiral, can you explain what happened?

'''Hiro''': Yeah. Maya entered the room along with Choukai. Then out of the blue, Maya pushed Choukai towards my direction. I caught her but as I step forward, Maya has prepared a banana peel beforehand and I stepped on it which resulted to me losing some ground and fell to the floor while holding Choukai. Then, Choukai went full frozen on me.

'''Choukai''': Sorry...

Choukai nods in embarrassment as she tries not to remember what happened a while ago.

'''Italia''': I see.

'''Roma''': Indeed, that cruiser need to be taught a proper lesson.

'''Ooyodo''': Admiral, Musashi-san asked me if you can give me her spare glasses, I'll give it to her.

'''Hiro''': Alright. By the way, call Hacchan if you see her.

'''Ooyodo''': Alright.

Ooyodo exits the room.

'''Italia''': Admiral, Roma and I will have to go to. We will catch that girl.

'''Hiro''': Take care then.

Italia and Roma exits the room.


===e. Choukai After===

Choukai who was still frozen from her sit tries to voice out but she can't due to her shyness.

'''Choukai''': ...

'''Hiro''': Hm?

The Admiral noticed that Choukai has also sprained her foot in the process too.

'''Hiro''': I see that you are also sprained like me.

'''Choukai''': ...

'''Hiro''': Come to think of it, we haven't talked at all. This would be the first time we are having a proper conversation. Say Choukai, You are considered a powerhouse here and you managed to become stronger by that will alone. But why do you feel so small? I did give you some motivation back then.

Choukai hid her face to the Admiral's point of view.

The Admiral has murmured something and then Choukai's sprain has gone in an instant.

'''Hiro''': All green. So can you tell me something that bothers you? Or Do I have to do something drastic.

Choukai felt the pressure that was coming from the admiral after he said the word drastic. Choukai knew in a way that it might turn into something that is out of control, so she fight her anxiety and she finally said something to the Admiral.

'''Choukai''': Admiral... I am scared...

'''Hiro''': Sorry... I didn't mean to scare you.

Choukai then breathes a sigh of relief and she finally felt that she can stand on her own.

'''Hiro''': Looks like the glasses did the trick.

Chouaki looked at the Admiral and she can't helped herself but to embrace the Admiral tightly.



Maya who has returned from her hiding saw that Choukai embraces the Admiral.

Maya stopped for a bit and she decided not to go inside and went back to her room.

A few minutes after, Choukai bid her farewell to the admiral,



===f. I-8===

Hachi went on her own after she was summoned by the Admiral.

'''Hachi''': did you call?

'''Hiro''': Yup. Oh, you are fine.

'''Hachi''': What do you mean? This is a borrowed glasses. I want to return it to its owner.

'''Hiro''': I see.

The Admiral gets a different glasses and he gives it to Hachi.



Hachi then tries to put the glasses and then she smiled.

'''Hachi''': It's indeed nice. (I know that this was once yours.)

'''Hiro''': By the way, do not tell them at all that these were my glasses back then.

'''Hachi''': I see. Anyways, I better take my leave then.

'''Hiro''': Take care.

Hachi left the office and after that all people who had a broken glasses has their problems resolved.



From that day onwards, Shiratsuyu is forbidden to play Heavy metal.



==Cherry blossoms bloomed for the future, love and dreams.==

Sazanami looks outside of the window to see the Sakura tree is almost in full bloom.

Sazanami then combs her hair for no reason at all. That day, there was no work to be done and all of them are feeling the chill of the late winter breeze.

'''Sazanami''': Ah... this is pretty nice indeed. Master, what can we do about today?

Sazanami looked behind her and she saw the Admiral is peacefully sleeping over his desk after doing some menial work.

Sazanami frowns a bit after seeing the Admiral sleeps peacefully. Sazanami brought her chair and she sat beside him. As she wait for some time to pass, she fell asleep while waiting for something.



Sazanami woke up and she saw a pink colored background around her. From her view point there is a everlasting stretch of pink fields and everlasting stretch of Sakura trees lined up in an uniform line.

Sazanami tries to wake herself up but she can't wake up at all.

'''Sazanami''': This is indeed a dream, but why can't I wake up from it?

Then there was a figure that appeared right in front of her.

'''Sazanami''': Master!?

'''Hiro''': Oh. You are trapped too?

'''Sazanami''': What do you mean?

'''Hiro''': I guess it wants us to spend time together inside of our combined ideals.

'''Sazanami''': Ideals?

'''Hiro''': Hmm... Somehow, I don't want to talk about this while we are here. It's a waste of scenery.

'''Sazanami''': Indeed. Say, can we have some time to drink tea?

Out of the blue, there was a small table that appeared out of nowhere and then there was tea served.

'''Hiro''': This is pretty convenient. Can I have some Sakura Mochi then?

Out of the blue, Sakura mochi came out and the two has shared the tea and snacks they have received.



As time passes, the two realized that the sun does not set at all.

'''Hiro''': This is a bit troubling...

'''Sazanami''': yeah.

'''Hiro''': I wonder if this can turn into night...

Nothing happens.

'''Sazanami''': Looks like night is not an option here.

'''Hiro''': I guess so. Anyways, what is the reason why the two us arre here? Can you think of something?

'''Sazanami''': Could it be...

'''Hiro''': Nope, not that possibility. Probably this is just a passing dream...

As the two look at one another, they notice that there is a change in scenery and they say two figures standing in the middle of the cherry colored field.

The two tried to make contact, but they can't understand one another.

'''Sazanami''': Strange. Why do they use a language we are not familiar with?

'''Hiro''': Or more of a language that is not yet registered as one.

The two looked at the one another and they both smiled for there is something wrong in this space.

'''Sazanami''': I see... Master is indeed a cunning person. So what is this place?

'''Hiro''': I guess it's a cherry view for the two of us. It will end once we all have agreed to wake up in this dream, right?

Hiro looked at the other side and the other person nodded in agreement.

'''Sazanami''': So you mean that they can understand us?

'''Hiro''': Probably. Anyways...



Hiro created a binoculars out of air (within the rules of the dream) and he peeked at the looking glass to see something he didn't expect.

'''Hiro''': Oh my.

'''Sazanami''': Master?

'''Hiro''': This is indeed a funny sight.

'''Sazanami''': What do you mean?

Hiro gave Sazanami the Binoculars and she peeked on it only to saw something so strange.

'''Sazanami''': Master, why are you on the other side with Mikazuki-san?

'''Hiro''': That is not me. I don't have that aura of being a kind person. Remember that I was a soldier in the past.

'''Sazanami''': Indeed.

'''Hiro''': Asides, that Mikazuki is not the Mikazuki we have. That one is a bit sensitive than the Mikazuki we have.

'''Sazanami''': Honestly, how can you discern who is who?

'''Hiro''': Observation skills. Once you can max your observation skill, knowing who is who is very easy.

'''Sazanami''': I don't understand it Master?

'''Hiro''': Simple. Just remember the person you want to remember. Know everything about that person from head to foot, his/her scent, his/her aura and etc.

'''Sazanami''': I see...

'''Hiro''': But to think that this would show us something so pleasant... I feel it's a trap.

'''Sazanami''': Pleasant? What is pleasant?

'''Hiro''': It means that what we see is a reflection of something we have.

'''Sazanami''': reflection...

'''Hiro''': Oh well, to be precise... We are looking at the future. The guy who looked like me is definitely one of our offspring. The girl on his side is either a person related to us or a different person who made a connection with him.

'''Sazanami''': what is the trap then?

'''Hiro''': That we are falling to the abyss as we stay longer. But, Suzukaze will notice it. Since she haven't made a move, we are fine.

'''Sazanami''': ?

'''Hiro''': Anyways, it's time for us to say goodbye.

'''Sazanami''': Goodbye? Why would we do that?

'''Hiro''': Since we saw this scenery already it might be good to say that this future is already set in stone.

'''Sazanami''': so you mean...

'''Hiro''': With or without this vision, I would be marrying you.

'''Sazanami''': Master....

Sazanami grabbed Hiro's Arm and Hiro looked at the other side and he waved his hands to the couple who was looking at them.

'''Hiro''': To see my kid in full bloom during spring... I will bestow the name of Haruhiko. So until then... please be well, my future...

The scenery collapses and the two woke up in their magical dream.



Sazanami and the Admiral woke up and saw the sun is already setting. Samidare who is now in the room reading a book as she waits for the two to wake up.

'''Samidare''': Oh Good Evening. You two sure slept so soundly... Unfair.

'''Hiro''': Sorry about that. Anyways, how long are we sleeping anyways?

'''Samidare''': When I entered the room, both of you were sleeping so peacefully. Also, Sazanami sure likes her place.

'''Sazanami''': Hehehe. So are you planning to sleep next to him too?

'''Samidare''': Well...

'''Hiro''': Well, we'll do it later tonight. Since there is a bit of time, let's do something for a change.

'''Sazanami''': Like what?

'''Hiro''': Night patrols.

'''Sazanami''': I am in.

'''Samidare''': Me too.

The three stood up and they wore their coats and proceeded in their night patrols.

|---|

==='''''Some 230 years after...'''''===


Haruhiko and Mikazuki woke up in their dream while holding their hands.

In the room, Sazanami who was watching the two greeted them.

'''Sazanami''': Nice to know that you two are so connected even asleep. I can't seem to wake any of you at all.

'''Mikazuki''': Well, because we really love one another.

'''Haruhiko''': Indeed.

'''Mikazuki''': By the way, the pair we saw... it looks like you and Sazanami-san were...

'''Sazanami''': Wait, in your dream... I was the chosen one?

'''Haruhiko''': Nope. But in our dream, we saw a pair of a man and woman who is a bit older than us and they both have auras that they have been to countless battles together. Somehow, I felt that pressure emanating from mom and dad when they are too serious at times.

'''Mikazuki''': Indeed. But somehow, funny how we can understand them even though they can't understand us.

'''Haruhiko''': It seems that they are also a part of something reflected in me.

'''Mikazuki''': Reflection?

'''Sazanami''': By the way, the pair you probably saw would be this pair.

Sazanami brought up an old picture of an old naval base.

Sazanami pointed in the middle part of the picture of a man who looked like him and a girl who was grabbing his right arm.

'''Haruhiko''': That's the people we saw there!!!!

'''Sazanami''': Funny indeed.

'''Mikazuki''': How funny?

'''Sazanami''': because this picture is 230 years old.

'''Haruhiko''': we just saw the past Admiral and his partner, but how are they related to me?

'''Sazanami''': Hmm... I am sure that you are their offspring, but I have to see your parents.

'''Mikazuki''': Yeah. He has that aura from the one who rescued me and the guy that sells the ramen back then.

'''Haruhiko''': Indeed strange... So what are we gonna do?

'''Mikazuki''': Hmm... Let's visit your house then. It's spring anyways.

'''Sazanami''': can I join you two?

'''Haruhiko''': Alright. Sazanami, are you sure you will be transferring here?

'''Sazanami''': Yes indeed. After all, I want to do some kind of a big role when that happens.

'''Haruhiko''': Hmm... Anyways, I will make a call and prepare yourselves since we will leave tomorrow.

'''Mikazuki''': Alright.

'''Sazanami''': Okay.

And thus, their search for the truth starts.


==Cherry viewing.==

It's a custom activity in this naval base that the all people of the naval base goes out and have a picnic underneath the Sakura trees and watch as they bloom wildly. The Admiral is indeed a person who loves spring.    

There was a big banquet prepared for 170+ attendants they have and they all have a great time eating and having random chit-chat with one another.

The drunkards on the other hand were already drinking their best alcohol early and they were all feeling the effects of the alcohol running in their brain. The Admiral paid no heed to it since today is a day of festivities.

But, there is one person seemed to be left out of these activities.




Mikazuki who was sitting in the rooftop was watching the festivities unfold was drinking her favorite chocolate drink. She didn't mind if no one came out looking for her since she knows that only selected few people can see her anyways. Mikazuki didn't mind the cool air that was still blowing in the rooftop.

Then as she tries to fall asleep, she heard some footsteps coming from her back.

Mikazuki looks back and she saw the person that she fell in love with.

'''Hiro''': So what are you doing here? May I know the reason?

'''Mikazuki''': I do not like to be in a crowd... I felt like I am vanishing if I went with the crowd.

'''Hiro''': Well... a crowd is something that makes individuals lose their uniqueness when they are together. But Mikazuki, today is a good day to be out, why are you still shut yourself?

'''Mikazuki''': ...

'''Hiro''': Oh well. I guess I can punish you later on. Anyways Mikazuki, I'll bring you there.

'''Mikazuki''': eh!?

'''Hiro''': Oh... So you plan this all along. Nice technique.

'''Mikazuki''': Wait... I didn't plan this at all.

'''Hiro''': Too late, they'll see you as someone they want to reach.

Mikazuki then was carried by the Admiral in a princess carry and he went back to the venue.



Mikazuki who was embarrassed in the way she is being carried tried to break free but only to find herself being locked in that carry.

'''Mikazuki''': Commander...

'''Hiro''': What is it Mikazuki?

'''Mikazuki''': can you put me down already?

'''Hiro''': Nope.

'''Mikazuki''': Well then...

Mikazuki kisses the Admiral's lips while they are on the way to the venue, but the Admiral didn't mind it at all and he still proceed to the said venue.

'''Hiro''': Mikazuki, thanks for the free kiss.

'''Mikazuki''': Idiot, I want you to be a bit embarrassed over that and let me go.

'''Hiro''': Hahahah... silly you. Sazanami and Samidare does that too... how will I not get too lucky on this method?

Mikazuki pouts as the admiral continues carrying her.



In the end, Mikazuki gave up and joined the crowd, she later realized that she is more happy in the cheery viewing that when she was in the rooftop watching people.

Later on that afternoon when everyone is cleaning up, Mikazuki approaches the Admiral.

'''Hiro''': So Mikazuki, are you feeling better?

'''Mikazuki''': Indeed. Anyways, thanks Commander for bringing me here. I didn't know that this is quite fun.

'''Hiro''': It is indeed quite a happy place to be. Anyways, just so you know; Yayoi who is a poker-face smiles when she is here.

'''Mikazuki''': Yeah. I did see that. So Commander, can you bring me to your next party?

'''Hiro''': Of course!

'''Mikazuki''': Okay. Anyways, I'll take my leave then.

'''Hiro''': Wait a bit, Can you wait for me in the office later?

'''Mikazuki''': Alright.

Mikazuki left and then the clean ups continued.<br />



==Yozakura Quintet==

The Admiral has been summoned by Admiral Claire to come and join the Night Viewing of Sakura trees blooming.

Along the way, Aoba or his sensei followed him and the two went towards the destination.



'''Hiro''': Sensei, It seems that Claire is hosting this Yozakura. Can I know the details?

'''Aoba''': Nah, I don't know what she is planning tonight. Asides, she might be show us a great spot this time around.

'''Hiro''': Hmm... I wonder.

The two silently walked towards an abandoned train station.



Nearby the train tracks, there are shadows of 3 people waiting for the arrival of the Admiral and Aoba who was already sitting and having their great time looking at the sakura trees that were giving its magnificent display of its blizzard-like dance.

The two slowly reached the area and the two immediately greeted the host.

'''Hiro''': You seem to be prepared this time Claire.

'''Claire''': Indeed. After all, sensei has suggested me to look around once in a while and I got to see an old train station nearby.

'''Aoba''': That is indeed nice place to hold this monthly meeting of ours along with the Yozakura.

'''Hiro''': Yup. Hoshi, careful not to get drunk tonight.

Hoshi: Hiro, I will not drink tonight. Anzu has been reminding me not to drink alcohol because she didn't like the scent of it.

'''Hiro''': That sure is tough.

'''Hoshi''': Indeed. Anyways, how are your ends this time around Hiro?

'''Hiro''': Hmm... I am still fine. But lately, it feels like there is something big that will happen soon.

'''Hoshi''': Yeah.

'''Ralph''': You two, let's start our monthly meeting.

'''Hiro''': Alright

'''Hoshi''': Okay.



Ralph stood up and he delivers his report to the guests present at that moment.

'''Ralph''': As I was saying, Hiro and Hoshi's thoughts are already accurate enough. We will be having a large scale operation this time around and from the looks of it, the people from the top-brass calls it "All Out War".

'''Aoba''': Sounds promising for me to take some pictures.

'''Claire''': Well, I don't mind. Afterall, we have been preparing for the worst anyways.

'''Hoshi''': I see.

'''Hiro''': Hmm... Can I know why is it called like that?

'''Ralph''': Our superiors has been in contact with the other side and they managed to recruit a Battleship that was famed in the other world's world war. But since she is in a different place, getting to where she is will have to make us go over enemy waters and we have to make a path towards her safe return to our naval base.

'''Hiro''': I see.

'''Hoshi''': By the way, what do you mean from the other side?

'''Ralph''': Asides from us, we also have our contacts with the German Navy and the Italian Navy; our government seems to have been contacting to the world's greatest power; the US Navy, who were successful making a prototype Ship-girl. Since they are actually crediting our government to their successful attempt, they can send us the prototypes for us to make full use of it.

'''Hoshi''': I see.

'''Claire''': What is her name?

'''Ralph''': She is an Iowa-class Battleship, and her name is Iowa.

'''Hiro''': Iowa... That late war Battleship that was made to rival the IJN's Yamato.

'''Aoba''': Hmm... (Aoba continues writing the minutes)

'''Ralph''': Though according to some sources, there were some of the Admirals who actually have her and they can attest to how strong she is.

'''Hiro''': I see... But then, can we actually make her useful especially with the growing threat with the Isolated Island Princess who has been reported to wreck our front liners. Claire, how is the situation on that matters?

'''Claire''': As of now, there are fewer people who were challenging that area due to the fact that they have to get ready for this upcoming large scale war.

'''Hiro''': I see. Anyways, Anymore rumors we haven't discussed yet?

'''Hoshi''': Well... I heard that there is a third Asashio-class DD who will receive her second remodel this time around. Though from the looks of it, no data has been leaked so far.

'''Hiro''': I see.

'''Aoba''': Let me tell you one more. Hiro, you know this already right?

'''Hiro''': Yup. I still do not like how things goes for that one that is why I am keeping my mouth shut this time.

'''Aoba''': I see. Anyways, Can I share that one too?

'''Hiro''': Alright.

'''Aoba''': Well then folks. One Shiratsuyu-class DD will have her second remodel this time around too. But, from the looks of it and given the clues that were already given to us... It seems that Kawakaze would be getting the Second remodel.

The others were having a mini-discussion about the matters.

'''Hoshi''': What was the basis for that?

'''Hiro''': I have searched every books I have in my library and everything points towards to Kawakaze.

'''Claire''': So if it's her, why would they give it to her this early?

'''Hiro''': I don't know. Asides, I am not them. So making guesses on this one will not take us to the right answer.

'''Ralph''': What would she feel if she heard of this? I heard that she is also close on that selection.

'''Hiro''': Samidare will be fine. Asides she is too kind to let her other sisters get it rather that herself.

'''Ralph''': I see... sorry if I asked that.

'''Hiro''': It's fine. We will have to go for a heart to heart sooner or later anyways.

'''Ralph''': I see.

'''Aoba''': Anyways, are there anymore reports to say? Any gossips you heard?

No hands were raised at this moment.



'''Aoba''': Good. Well then folks. Let's have our meals now.

'''Hiro''': Good. I am quite hungry now.

'''Hoshi''': Anyways, Let us cheers for this beautiful Season that has given to us.

The people present has their own share of stories to tell and though there were no alcoholic beverage served that night, the five have a great time bonding over what little time they have.


==A springtime love.==

One day inside the office.

'''Hiro''': Sazanami, you looked nice today. Is there something today?

'''Sazanami''': Master is forgetful nowadays, well, today is the day we have taken a step towards to our solid relationship.

'''Hiro''': Really?

'''Kazagumo''': What is this that I am hearing!? Admiral, is it true that Sazanami and you are already a year old being lovers?

'''Hiro''': Oh... I remembered. I am getting forgetful indeed.

'''Sazanami''': Oh well. Kazagumo, what is your business here anyways?

'''Kazagumo''': Oh yeah. Admiral, please send me to the next operations...

'''Hiro''': I'll think about it.

'''Kazagumo''': I see. Anyways, now that I heard of it, can you tell me how the two of you managed to be lovers...? I am making notes of this since I am planning in snatching the Admiral away from you.

'''Sazanami''': I want to see you try then...

'''Hiro''': Now, now... Anyways... Since we have nothing to do at all, I guess telling this story will not hurt much.

|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

===A year ago:===

Samidare arrived at the naval base after her transfer was approved.

'''Samidare''': Nice meeting you. I am Samidare, hope we can get better.

Samidare reached out her hand towards Sazanami who was standing beside the Admiral during that time.

'''Sazanami''': Nice meeting you...

Sazanami immediately held Samidare's hand and then the two tightly gripped their hands as a proof that they are hostile to one another.

'''Hiro''': Ehem... First of all, it’s been quite a while since we last saw one another, how is this base to your eyes, Samidare?

'''Samidare''': Well... This base is quite nice and all. It has this warm feeling that envelops this weary heart of mine.

'''Hiro''': I see. Well then, your room should be...

'''Sazanami''': I'll bring her there Master, don't worry.

'''Hiro''': I see. Anyways, take time to talk to one another.

Samiare and Sazanami left the room while carrying the heavy atmosphere between them.



The two walked slowly towards the Destroyer's dorm and they see the quite few vacant rooms in the dorm.

'''Sazanami''': Anyways, since you will be living with us from here on, I want you to behave appropriately when you are with master.

'''Samidare''': I see... So you still don't know his name?

'''Sazanami''': ...

'''Samidare''': Anyways, I think this room should be enough.

Samidare pointed out the room in the end of the hall.

'''Sazanami''': It's a double bed room. Why there?

'''Samidare''': because I can feel that I will have a roommate soon.

'''Sazanami''': Haa...

'''Samidare''': Anyways, I can see that you are not yet that close. Was there a matter between you two?

'''Sazanami''': Eh!? Why are you asking about that?

'''Samidare''': Well, as your rival, I can't really call this a fight if you are not that close at all. Asides Sazanami-san, why do you look like someone who lost all their confidence? Is it because of me?

'''Sazanami''': Indeed... I feel so inferior compared to you.

'''Samidare''': Then this is no good afterall.

'''Sazanami''': No good?

'''Samidare''': In order for me to win in a very decisive way possible... I want you to be close to the Admiral.

'''Sazanami''': But Master is avoiding all of my advances and such.

'''Samidare''': Then let me help you then.

'''Sazanami''': ...

'''Samidare''': But before we do that, let’s put my luggage in my room.

'''Sazanami''': Alright.

Soon after the two deviced a plan to make Sazanami grew closer to the Admiral.



A few days passed and the Admiral is currently working with Samidare as his secretary.

'''Hiro''': Samidare, I noticed that the two of you are close... Are you friends already with Sazanami?

'''Samidare''': Kinda... well, I guess you can call us friends by then.

'''Hiro''': Thank goodness that Sazanami made a friend already. I was worried if she'll revert to her old self back when I rescued all of you.

'''Samidare''': I see. Anyways, what do you feel Sazanami-san?

'''Hiro''': Let's see... She sure is a different kind of a girl I ever met. She calls you Master for free and she can happily abuse you for all she wants. But since I am used to it, I think that is fine. Also, she is a bright girl and she managed to do things with ease. But despite that, she is indeed a weak willed girl and a person who has a lot of insecurities. I wonder how I can help her in that...

'''Samidare''': I see. So do you like her?

'''Hiro''': Well, I do not hate her at all. Despite all of the unfair things that sensei did to us, I think Sazanami is a blessing in disguise. But, I still love you more than Sazanami.

'''Samidare''': Then... If I did not exist, you would have loved her?

'''Hiro''': Please don't say those words... No one is born unwanted in this world.

'''Samidare''': Sorry. I was just testing you.

'''Hiro''': I am also sorry for raising my voice on you.

'''Samidare''': I see... So you really like her too... I suppose.

'''Hiro''': Yeah. Kinda. She reminds me of spring...

'''Samidare''': Well then, you can go out for a while and visit this one written in the map I made.

Samidare handed out a paper containing the destination

'''Hiro''': What lies there?

'''Samidare''': Well... It's only a matter of time until you found out.

'''Hiro''': I guess I have to see it myself then.

The Admiral entrusted all of his paper works to Samidare and he went to the location that was marked with an X.



The Admiral looked at the landmarks that was listed in the mini-map and one by one, he passed all of them with ease. There was no obstacles nor any gimmicks necessary to reach the destination. It's just a matter of few minutes in just pure walking that he can reach the place in no time.

As he gets closer to the location, he realized that there are traces of Sakura petals being carried by the wind.

'''Hiro''': Spring? Is it spring already? Damn, I spend too much time inside once more.

As he murmurs it to himself, he arrived at the location which was marked with an X. It was a Sakura tree which is about to bloom.

'''Hiro''': I never knew these trees are here all along.

'''Sazanami''': That is because you rarely go outside of your office...

'''Hiro''': I see. Thanks for reminding me Sazanami.

'''Sazanami''': Afterall, I am devoted to serve you Master.

'''Hiro''': So did the two of you set me up here?

'''Sazanami''': Nope. She did it all, and I am just here waiting for your arrival.

'''Hiro''': I see... Say, can I say something to you?

'''Sazanami''': Wait. Before you say something, let me say my part. Will you listen to my selfish demands?

'''Hiro''': Of course... Who am I to reject that?

'''Sazanami''': Alright. Master, even though I kept saying I love you or I like you to a degree that you see it as some sort of a joke, but you know what. All of those words I said were all true and they all came right from my heart.

'''Hiro''': I know that you always mean what you say...

'''Sazanami''': Also, Master... I really, really love you. Please accept all my feelings to you!

Then, the wind blows and gradually, the cherry blossoms bloom and started making a big spectacle. But despite to what Sazanami has said to the Admiral, the Admiral decided to answer ambiguously.

'''Hiro''': I see. Thanks for saying that to me... But I am not the right guy for you...

'''Sazanami''': Shut up! What do you mean by that!? That you are not a perfect person for me!? What the heck are you even saying Master!? Master, I mean it well... Please don't try to sugarcoat it at all...

'''Hiro''': I see... Sorry Sazanami, I can't tell you what I feel for now...

'''Sazanami''': I see Master...

Sazanami left on her accord and she immediately run while tears are flowing in her eyes.



The Admiral was left all alone underneath the Sakura tree and he looked at the back of the map.

''[Master, I love you... Though I know you might not want to hear that since you have chosen Samidare over me after all... Oh well, since I want to say those feelings once and for all, I have to be strong. And Yeah, I did ask for her cooperation for this one... Please don't be mad at her at all, it was her decision to help me, I was just went along with her whims.]''

The Admiral crumpled the Paper and he sat at the Sakura tree while he ponders what he needs to do next.

'''Hiro''': [Don't worry Sazanami, your feelings were all answered a long, long time ago. I just want to make sure that I am not just over thinking it...]

As he think deeper, a shadow approached the Admiral.

'''xxx''': Admiral is such a bad guy for making Sazanami-san cry.

'''Hiro''': Sorry about that... Samidare. I am unsure.

'''Samidare''': That you only have to love only one of us?

'''Hiro''': Yes...

Samidare embraced the Admiral and she cheers him up with an advice from her.

'''Samidare''': You see... someone like her rarely comes to a man like you. And in the meanwhile, I can always wait for the time that you will go to my way since we two are always meant to be separated despite being together... Sazanami-chan is not like that. She knows what she is into... she is willing to accept all of the bad things you have and the of course the awesome things you have.... So Hiro-san, just consider this as my once in a lifetime advice as your old friend... go and catch her, and never let her go again.

Samidare removes herself and the Admiral nodded as he understood the instructions Samidare has said. Without wasting any moment, he run towards to where Sazanami was.

Samidare was left alone and she shed a tear after realizing that she might have been too late to win his heart.




Later that night, Sazanami was summoned at the Admiral's office.

'''Sazanami''': ...

'''Hiro''': Sazanami, can you go with me tonight?

'''Sazanami''': I don't want to...

'''Hiro''': I order you to come with me as your Admiral.

The Admiral grabbed Sazanami's hand and he dragged her towards the rooftop to where no one will bother the two of them.

'''Sazanami''': So what is it that you want?

'''Hiro''': Sazanami, I finally have an answer...

'''Sazanami''': I see. So why must you take me here?

'''Hiro''': Because...

'''Sazanami''': I see. You really... EH!?

The Admiral wasted no time and he immediately embraced Sazanami and he hug her tight as he try to keep her all by himself.

'''Sazanami''': Master... I can't breathe...

The admiral releases his grip and Sazanami immediately frees herself

'''Hiro''': Sorry for hugging you so tightly, it just came to me...

'''Sazanami''': Master... you are such an idiot. You could have just told me already back there, but what did you do!? You...

Sazanami's tears falls from her eyes as she tries to finish what she is about to say.

'''Hiro''': Sazanami. I am indeed a cruel guy for making someone like you cry... Please forgive me!

'''Sazanami''': I see. Then you are forgiven Master. But, next time... please don't leave me hanging.

'''Hiro''': I will.

'''Sazanami''': Anyways... master, can I request something?

'''Hiro''': What is it my princess?

'''Sazanami''': Well... I want to kiss you... can we kiss?

'''Hiro''': I see. Yes. Let's share our first kiss to one another then.

'''Sazanami''': First!?

'''Hiro''': Why, I haven't really kissed someone in the lips since back then...

'''Sazanami''': I see... (Yes! I win Big time!)

'''Hiro''': Well then...

'''Sazanami''': Let's do it.

the two step closer to one another, and as they look at one another; the Admiral immediately closes the gap between their lips and they two have their lips land on one another and they started kissing while carrying that feeling of uneasiness between them. After that, the Admiral pull back and the two felt satisfied after that exchange.

The two remained speechless and Sazanami immediately decided to land another kiss on the Admiral's lips, and then the two once again kissed like there is no tomorrow.

The Admiral carried Sazanami and he brought her inside of an empty room to where a solo bed was placed.

'''Hiro''': Sazanami, from now on this will be the room that will isolate us from the rest of the world.

'''Sazanami''': I see... So is this a proposal?

'''Hiro''': Well kinda...

'''Sazanami''': I see. So, why are we here now?

'''Hiro''': Sazanami, is this alright for you. Or should we stop?

'''Sazanami''': Master, of course this is fine with me. After all, you are making me a woman...

'''Hiro''': Well then.

'''That '''night, the two has shared their first night together.

|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

'''''Kazagumo fell to her knees after listening to the story.'''''

'''Kazagumo''': Waah... I can't believe it... The Admiral's first kiss...

'''Sazanami''': Heheheh... Now you can't win in any way possible.

'''Kazagumo''': Anyways... I am still baffled while Samidare-san gave her way to Sazanami-san?

'''Hiro''': Hmm... She did mention that line 'always together yet destined to be apart'. I wonder why...

'''Sazanami''': Honesty, I really still don't understand it at all...

'''Hiro''': Indeed.

'''Kazagumo''': Argh! This is hard. Anyways, Sazanami-san... I will and definitely snatch the Admiral away from you. Just wait and see.

'''Sazanami''': Yeah, yeah...

Kazagumo left the office leaving the two alone.

'''Hiro''': Well then, let’s call this a day and shall we go to that place then.

'''Sazanami''': Alright.

The went outside of the office and they both closed the door and went outside to where they first made their memories together as the two proceeded to that place while holding their hands as if they are determined in not letting go of one another.


==Omake: Spring for others.==

'''Kuro''': Oh I hate spring...

'''Miyako''': What is it Kuro-san, you have allergies?

'''Kuro''': Nope. Actually, I am well maintained... so hay fever is nothing to me.

'''Miyako''': I see... Anyways, how are your girls?

'''Kuro''': Well, they are troublesome in one way or the other. Nowadays, Katsuragi tries to drag me to that unbloomed Sakura tree and she said that when they bloom, we have to go there together.

'''Miyako''': I see... aren't you a lucky guy?

'''Kuro''': Like hell I am such lucky, Anyways, Zuikaku is also inviting me to a different place and she seems to be too eager to spend time with me and her sister.

'''Miyako''': Wow! You are one lucky Ikemen of a humanoid-cyborg.

Miyako hand continously hits Kuro's back.

'''Kuro''': So how are you and your 'Harem'?

'''Miyako''': ...

'''Kuro''': Hey!

'''Miyako''': they all went with Hiro on their Sakura viewing today... I was not invited by my angels. WAAAHHH!!!!

'''Kuro''': ... (Shit, this looks bad)

Then suddenly, the door opens.

'''xxx''': Oh, There you are!!!

'''Kuro''': Geh. Yuubari, what do you want this time?

'''Yuubari''': Well, the boss wants us to spend some time to have fun underneath the cherry blossoms today. Though Hiro has been on another location already, he said that he will join us when the clean-ups were done.

'''Kuro''': I see.

'''Miyako''': Yuubari-chan! Why are you so faithful to me...?

'''Yuubari''': Sorry Miyako-san, But I'll be bonding with Samidare-san and Akashi today too... I have to go soon. The boss will go there too soon.

'''Miyako''': Waahhh!!! Even Yuubari-chan has completely dump me today.

'''Kuro''': Shut it!!!

'''Yuubari''': Oh! The boss said that you can carry that liquor today. Miyako-san have fun drinking.

'''Miyako''': YES!!!

'''Kuro''': Oh well...

'''Jiro''': Looks like a lively banquet for me.

'''Miyako''': Oh dad...

'''Jiro''': Don't worry, I am here to unwind a bit. But this place is indeed nice.

'''Kuro''': Though this is just a shed though...

'''Jiro''': You are no fun. Be like Hiro a bit and you will see happiness... or just imitate my foolish daughter, you will be happy too.

'''Miyako''': What foolish!?

'''Kuro''': Well whatever... Anyways, I will go out for a walk. See you later in the meeting place.

'''Miyako''': Take care!

'''Jiro''': Alright.

Kuro waved his hand as he went out of the shed.



He arrived at the spot between the blooming Sakura trees far from where The Admiral and his gang of Ship-girls are having their share of fun. Then soon after, he heard voices coming from 2 different locations.

'''xxx''': Kuro-san!!!

'''yyy''': Kurogane-san!!!

The two arrived both at the same time to where Kurogane was standing.

'''Kuro''': So what is this sudden battlefield like atmosphere? Zuikaku, Katsuragi; Cut it out!

Kurogane uses his hands and made a karate chop on the head of the two girls.

'''Zuikaku''': That's mean!

'''Katsuragi''': Indeed Kurogane-san!

'''Kuro''': But, if I didn't do that, you will be throwing mud all over again.

The two fell silent after hearing Kuro's reply



'''Kuro''': Well then, No need to rush things then. Since you two are on the opposite sides of the hill... let's go there and watch how happiness went by.

The three went to the other tree that was blooming wildly and the three sat at the base of the tree.

Zuikaku and Katsuragi immediately rested their head on Kuro's shoulder.

That time, Kuro has no choice but to stay with them until they wake up.



Meanwhile...

Shoukaku is still waiting for her sister Zuikaku.

'''Shoukaku''': Zuikaku... Oh my where could she be...

Then there is a figure that approached her.

'''xxx''': Looks like Zuikaku is with Kuro now.

'''Shoukaku''': I see... Admiral, should I go with them?

'''Hiro''': Yes you can. But be careful not to stir the flames.

'''Shoukaku''': Thanks. Anyways, it seems that you are fine with things goes.

'''Hiro''': Well, as most of the part. But I still have to think of a way to draw out Kuro's potential.

'''Shoukaku''': Potential for what?

'''Hiro''': Potential to become an Admiral like me...

'''Shoukaku''': Are you leaving us already?

'''Hiro''': Nope. Rather this is something for the foreseeable future. It's still a long of time ahead anyways, so I can still wait for that.

'''Shoukaku''': I see... If you excuse me then...

Shoukaku went on her way towards the place where Zuikaku is.



'''Hiro''': This looks a bit worse than imagined. Musashi, any movements?

'''Musashi''': there is... Shoukaku is moving away from the two's reach.

'''Hiro''': I see... thanks for the hard work. You can now go have some fun with the drunkards.

'''Musashi''': Alright...

Musashi left the area.

'''Hiro''': (looks like the future where Shoukaku is happy is hard to achieve. Damn it!!!)

The Admiral slaps himself back to reality and he return back to the Party to where everyone was waiting for him.

- End.
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]