==Prologue:==

'''Support''' – It’s a term that used to describe a person or an object that handles a part of your workload to make sure that a certain work or objective is fulfilled. In MMO terms, it’s a type of player that handles buffs, debuffs, even responsible in making all the grunt’s work before the main stars get their chance to shine. Essentially, Supports aren’t much necessary to be in a team, but Supports needed to be in a team for them to shine the most.

And such role is being played by Sazanami as she silently does all the arduous work for the Admiral while he does a portion of it. But because of her intervention; they have a lot of time to laze around and eat something in between. But today, there was something role with Sazanami as she still lazes around on her bed and the time is already 10 in the morning.

“Ah… I’m tired, let me rest for today.”

As she said those words, the Admiral and the secretary both gave up in waking her up and instead; they went back to work and proceed working like nothing happened.

Soon, Sazanami stared at the ceiling as she recollects everything that happened to her and such, tears roll from her eyes as she cries while lying down on her bed.

“I am an idiot… aren’t I?”

And thus, Sazanami decided to rest a bit and think things through as she recalls her past.<br />



==A young girl’s separation==

When I was a kid, my mom told me that one day I’ll have to serve someone that I am willing to give my life away. But since I was still young; I truly never understood what she meant with those words.

And then, when I reached my 12th birthday, a stranger came to our home and she looked just like me.

“Is she a prospect?”<br />“Yes Akari-sama, she is a shipgirl when she was born. It really is a miracle that someone like her arrives to our family, however…”<br />“I see. It must have been hard for you to keep her safe. Don’t worry. I’ll do everything I can to make things fine.”

And soon, the stranger looked at me and as she offers her hand to me, I looked at my parents and they were both crying.

“xxxxx, please come with Akari-sama. She’ll take care of you.”<br />“Wait, why?”<br />“Sorry, we can’t take care of you and in the end; you might even hate us… But this will be the best for you.”<br />“Wait, why? Why are you giving me away? Don’t you love me?”<br />“I do… But… You can’t give back my first child even if I ask you to do that.”

Suddenly, my mother’s eyes were filled with sadness as they look at me. Then, the stranger said a few words to me.

“You see, when newborns contacted illness when they born; they were given an opportunity to live once more but since a baby has no established personality yet; the soul takes over the body and she will grow up until the time her body stops aging naturally. Well, you will age for 3-4 years more but… After that, your time will stop.”<br />“Again?”<br />“In short, you will end as a human after 3 to 4 years and you’ll become a complete shipgirl after that transformation. Thus, making the body yours. Of course, it’s different if the child is stillborn. But then…”<br />I looked at my parents once again and they were crying as they bid farewell to me. I don’t understand anything at all and before I knew it… I was going to be take away and never to see them anymore.

After that, I was taken by the stranger into a strange place. It was more of a facility and there were 4 more people inside. One of them was a girl who had a long blue hair and currently, she was a fighting expert in accordance to her regime. The other three weren’t shown to me because their training is in the other floors.

“Listen, from now on; I will be your teacher and this will be your place of study. In my care; you’ll learn everything I know from normal household duty up to the point where you can kill a person. But I won’t let you hit any civilians in that process… but just in case; I have to drill everything into your head so that you will become an all-purpose secretary. Any Questions?”

I raised my hand and I looked at her face as I asked this question.

“Umm… Can I see mom and dad again after these?”<br />“Sadly, you won’t. Even if you run away from here; they won’t be remembering you anymore.”<br />“Why? why are you doing this? What did I do to deserve this? Why?”

Soon, there was gloom in her eyes as she looks down on me.

“Your presence is just there to cause suffering to others… just like how you pained your parents as they started to understand that you are not their kid. You are nothing more but a stranger to them.”<br />“But…”<br />“Of course, They won’t show it to you. If they did, you’ll feel alienated and you’ll make it hard for them to send you away.”<br />“…”<br />“Anyways. Now that you are here. Please refrain from returning to your normal life. What awaits you is nothing more but pain.”

As she said those words, she gave me the key and after that, she left me alone.

After that, I put the keys into the doorknob and what revealed me is a room to where my stuff was placed. It’s as if a complete replica of my room and on my desk, there was a letter on top of it which were written by my mother.

__________________________________________________________________________________________

''Dear xxxxx''

''The moment you read this letter, you are already at the care of Akari Raven. Listen very well, even though I knew that you are different, it really took me a while to accept that my daughter Kaori is already dead as you have already taken over her body. I was in denial first when Kaori died when she gets out of my womb, but soon, light came in and mysteriously gave life to our already dead kid and thus, I was glad that you live. But, you were not really my kid at all.''

''And so, while I can still say I love you. I decided to contact the Ravens, because; you’ll be safe with them and… they’ll be able to learn a lot of things that I can’t give to you. Yeah, I think you can go to school at this point but I prefer that you’ll undergo a strict training with Akari-sama, since she served the legend himself back in the old war.''

''And now that everything has been said and done. Xxxxx, Take care. I hope you’ll be happy with your new life and…''

''Goodbye.''

''With lots of love,''<br />''Mom.''

__________________________________________________________________________________________

Soon, tears fall from my eyes as I crumpled the piece of paper that I just read.

“I see… They have loved me enough…”<br />And such pain and bitterness remained inside of me as I lie down on my bed and looked at the ceiling. For some reason, on that day; It’s been the very first time in my life that I was totally all on my own.



==<br />To live by supporting==

A week after my stay; I decided to do everything in my power to learn everything from my mentor and so far, I am progressing on a very considerable rate. Immediately, I met the other 4 and the five of us have talks about everything starting from our backgrounds and to the things we liked to achieve. The Samidare of our group wanted to serve the Ravens soon. But she looked a bit disappointed that there was no Raven stationed as an admiral.

Soon, our mentors did tell us a story about a man named Hiro Raven who did his best to make sure shipgirls were treated as normal human beings and he made sure that humans and shipgirls will continue to coexist for the sake of saving humanity from the threats from the abyss.

Soon, 4 years has passed and I am now on an advance level but…

“Why do you hesitate?”<br />“I don’t know…”<br />“Could it be… that you still can’t decide?”<br />“I…”<br />“Well then, let’s take a break.”

My mentor and I were currently in the middle of a shooting practice as I face up with my mentor using rubber bullets. So far, I managed to outplay her but I can’t shoot her just like the usual.

“Tell me, what’s bothering you?”<br />“Is this really necessary?”<br />“Not really. But you know… do you want to see someone important to you die in front of you while you do nothing?”<br />“But…”<br />“I guess I was a bit naïve to let you learn this but… I guess I’ll let you rest for a bit and rethink about how you should overcome this hurdle.”<br />“Yes.”

And thus; our classes have ended as she asks me to think what I should do.

On that evening, I was reminded of my parents and I decided to see them for a bit. But, knowing that the security is tight and there were a lot of security cameras in the area. But even so; after learning the whole facility’s layout; sneaking outside is easier than it looks.

I draw a circle underneath me, since the facility was fortified via technology, usage of magic was slightly unexpected and so, after I finished writing it...

“Good.”

With 2 taps inside the circle, the circle glow and it take me towards the other circle to which I have drew a long time ago.

“I guess they didn’t know I can use a bit of magic.”

And so, I headed out towards my old home.

| --- |

As I headed there, all I see is a scenery of my mom and dad happy while carrying a baby. Soon, I stepped out and greeted them.

“Oh, young missy, are you lost? Where are your parents?”<br />“Well… I am your… huh?”<br /><br />Looking at their faces, they have no traces of memory for me left as they continued asking me.<br />“Ah… so this is regret…”

As I bid them farewell, I walked back and I was greeted by my mentor standing on the circle.

“So, what do you feel right now?”<br />“I am hurt Ma’am. I have been forgotten.”<br />“It’s normal. Since you transcend human reasoning, they’ll be affected by cause and effect sooner or later once the abnormality has been removed. Anyways, what did you felt when you saw their child?”<br />“I felt happy and sad for myself. It could have been me.”<br />“Well then, since you have reached to that point, let me tell you something first.”

Soon, she gave me a piece of paper and what’s written on it is an address of a naval base.

“First, you broke the taboo and such, you’ll be punished for it. It’s fine if you just walk outside. But you totally meet up with your parents there so I have no more excuse to give to them. Your punishment will be grave and I don’t want you to get hurt with it so… Will you go back and accept your responsibility? Or will you go to the address on this paper so that you’ll be safe and start as a shipgirl. However, with 0 combat experience outside everyday sorties; you’ll be vulnerable to everything that would kill you. Are you fine with it?”

Soon, I crumpled the piece of paper and look at her in the eyes once more. On that moment, I decided to head towards the place where the address is.

Soon, as I watch her figure disappears I understood now what I truly lack. The resolve to do everything on my own, and an important figure that is willing to accept me as his support. And thus, As I run far and far away from her…

I saw a young man looking at me from that distance. And on that moment, I kinda wished that if he becomes someone important in the future; I’ll support him until eternity.

But what I didn’t know is that, the person I saw that time is no other than…<br />



==Mikazuki and Sazanami==

As I have arrived at the said base, a young man grinned as he welcomed me.

“Goodness, does the Raven know that I have too much personnel?”<br />“Umm… Who are you?”<br />“Right. I am the admiral of this base; my name is Kei Shiroishi. Well, Shiroishis have been friends with the Ravens and I appreciate of having someone like you here. Anyways, there is one more I am waiting for.”<br />“One more?”<br />“Yeah. A complete novice this time; But it’s fine… She’ll learn how to survive into this world.”

Soon, we saw a girl with long black girl arriving while walking unsteadily. Soon, she collapsed and we immediately come to her aid.

Later, I was designated to take the name of Sazanami since I totally am her and the girl who arrived was designated as Mikazuki, she had figured out her name already despite her naivete.

“So, you mean to say that you were thrown here because you discovered the Raven’s secret?”<br />“Yes.”<br />“I see… but do you remember what it was?”<br />“No.”<br />“Hmm?”<br />“I can’t recall any of it. The names of the friends who have played with me… I can’t remember any of them.”<br />“I see…”<br />“Anyways, hopefully we reached new grounds with our Admiral.”<br />“yeah.”

As soon as we have discussed a few things; in a blink of an eye, things progressed too smoothly and when Mikazuki is a few more fights away from her marriage…<br />“Sorry for your loss…”<br />“I don’t mind…”

Soon after Admiral Shiroishi’s death, Mikazuki has gone quiet; every time she looks at the necklace she received from him, tears started to fill her eyes and I have no idea how to console her at that moment.

But changes didn’t wait for Mikazuki at all. After that, HQ send another Admiral who would handle the area and immediately, everything went into order and the rules and regulations were now quite strict, but since I was pretty much relied on the past Admiral, the current Admiral did the same and he started giving me orders too. In the end; my life is still the same. But Mikazuki never recovered after these.

It was like her heart has already been shut to everyone else and all she ever wanted is to be with her lover. But even so, our Admiral didn’t let her do so since it’ll stain his good name. Even so; all we can do is look over Mikazuki as Mikazuki slowly crumbles and crumbles until she is totally broken from inside and out.

But…

I have thought that Mikazuki will remain forever broken now that we left her all alone, but; everything changes when she met that certain person who have totally won not only Mikazuki’s heart; but also, mine and Hatsushimo’s.

His arrival at the naval base signals the start of Mikazuki’s recovery and before we knew it… Mikazuki regained a bit of what she has lost back then…

And even if he has managed to mend a part of Mikazuki’s heart, his stay wasn’t long and in the end; he didn’t fully win her heart and on that day; I have thought that they will never ever meet each other again.

And so, I wrote him a letter and a letter to my mentor about something.






==<br />Haruhiko and Sazanami==

My mentor replied to me via letter a few weeks after I was assigned to the young master’s base. She said that it is her son that I was serving. But even so; she knew that I am not the best secretary out there and she knew something about the circumstances regarding to Mikazuki.

“It seems that I have been left out.”<br />“On what?”<br />“Wha!?”

As I have unconsciously said those words, young master stood beside me while carrying a bouquet of flowers.

“For Mikazuki-san?”<br />“Indeed, they are for Mikazuki.”<br />“Young Master, can you give me some too?”<br />“Let’s see…”

He put took one of the flowers and he gave it to me. Soon, he smiled and he waltz his way towards the office to where Mikazuki was. When I smelled the flower, I realized that I got the artificial one.

“I wonder if her is trolling me or…”

Tears flow from my eyes. I have no idea what was the young master’s message as he gave me that single artificial flower to me. Was he mocking me? Was he being mean to me?

And from that point, I never tried to ask him for that answer.






==Going back to the present…==

It is Afternoon when I decided to sneak out of my room, but I don’t want them to worry so I did what I used to do back in the days.

I drew a circle and added some decorations and letters to it and when it was complete, a faint blue light appears and I went in and tapped the floor two times which should serve as an activation code. Immediately, I was brought to the place where I used to put my very first transport circle.

“Such a nostalgic place.”

After that, I roam around and I arrived to my previous home. This time around, the baby I saw a few years back grew into a healthy young girl.

“Kaoru, be careful then.”<br />“Yes.”

Soon, the girl named Kaoru passed me and she looked back and look me in the eye.

Immediately, her friends arrived and she walked alongside with them as they head towards the park.<br />I, on the other hand was left dumbfounded as I locked eyes with that girl.

Soon, I was greeted by Kaoru’s mother.

“Hello there, are you lost?”<br />“Not really, I just happen to pass by.”<br />“Is that so? Anyways, what brought you here?”<br />“Well, I felt a bit under the weather so, I decided to take a breath of fresh air.”<br />“I see. Young Girl, you looked troubled? Was there a reason?”<br />“Let’s see… I don’t understand myself nowadays and every time I thought I was wasting my time over something I can’t achieve.”<br />“Is that so? But, do you enjoy it?”<br />“Well, I do enjoy it.”<br />“Do you see yourself doing that for the next few years?”<br />“I still do.”<br />“Also, do you love doing it?”

For a reason, I realized that there was no reason for me to feel so down, even though my progress came to a halt, even though everything was a mess for me… All I ever wanted to do in the end is…

“Yes. I still love doing it.”<br />“Then, you have no more reasons to doubt yourself. There will be trials up ahead, but in the end; you’ll make it through. So, don’t give up.”

Soon, I understood what she wanted to say and after that, I bowed my head on her and immediately took my leave, but before I took my leave, I heard her voice once more as she calls out to me.

“Wait a bit… Apple.”

Soon, I stopped on my tracks. It was a strange sensation I felt as she said my name for the first time.

“Take care then… I am sure you are fine already.”<br />“Yes… Mother.”

And so, I run away from that person as she finally calls out my name. As I arrived at that spot, I saw a young man standing there holding a single piece of rose.

“I believed that you have forgotten to ask me for its meaning, right?”<br />“wha-!?”<br />“I know about magic since Aoi-san taught me things in secret. Anyways, it’s not surprising if you can use it. I can do that too anyways. So, why are you here?”<br />“Well… I want to unwind for a bit and…”<br />“It took me a while until I managed all of the work that I need to do so… Sazanami, what is the reason for you being at this moment?”

Soon, He slowly walks to my way as he slowly reaches out to my hand.

“This single artificial rose is placed in that bouquet to make it seems that the bouquet is everlasting… It’s just there to support everyone that surrounds it by keeping them in check. Of course, on its own; an artificial flower is useless, but when you mixed them with everyone; that artificial flower becomes one of them as it slowly blends with them acting as their support. For me, everything has been possible because you are here with me. There is no way I could have pursued Mikazuki if it wasn’t for you. There is no way I could have won Hatsushimo’s heart without your insight. I am so indebted to you that I feel at ease whenever you are around, that’s why… When you can’t go to work; Mikazuki and I were at wit’s end as we try to progress through work and we both realized that you are truly our best support. Our silent guardian who have been doing everything behind the scenes and we are truly grateful of your existence.”

“I see… Even so, I am nothing more but just a wallflower who can make everyone beautiful.”

“Let me tell you something amazing then…”

Soon, he held my hand and he pointed at the sun which was already setting.

“The sun, despite its power and arrogance, is nothing more but a mere supporting character in maintaining life into this planet. If the Sun stops shining, the world will be doomed after that. When my father said to mother that she is the Sun of his life, he literally means it that way.”

Soon, he grabbed me and he hugged me tight as I was still dumbfounded over the words young master said to me. In that instance, I have felt everything that happened to me in the past is nothing more than just a wild nightmare that just ended after I reached out to his hand.

“Sazanami, please continue to be our support. We truly need you.”<br />I smiled and wiped the tears from my eyes. Immediately, I felt that my heart was beating faster and faster as I let him hug me tight as he tries to convince me to stay.

“Young Master, I can’t breathe.”<br />“Sorry.”

As he lets go of me, I grabbed the artificial flower and I happily accepted the hand that came with it.

“Fine. But remember that I am such a persistent girl.”<br />“I am fine with it… But…”<br />“But?”<br />“You know, I was troubled when you said that you like me back then. Also, the kiss you took away from me back then too… I really can’t forget those. And so…

Without any moment’s pause, he kissed me on my lips as he reached out to me. For some reason, I didn’t know what to do at that point and I was froze on my place as he kissed me out of the blue.

“With this, we are even…”

Soon, I fell on my knees and still in the moment of shock, I didn’t forget the sensation that I felt as his lips touches mine.

After a few moments of shock and surprise, I came back to my senses and I immediately flailed at him for doing something like that. But I know… that even if he thought it was an act of retaliation; I knew that he really kissed me for real.

“Sazanami, my answer will have to be on hold… Are you okay with that?”<br />“Yes. I am not in a hurry.”<br />“But Sazanami, if you want it… I can give you a preview.”<br />“Preview?”<br />“Mikazuki said that she’ll be fine as my Moon… That’s why… Sazanami, can you become my Sun?”<br />I stopped on my tracks. Then In that instance, I remember the image of the boy that stood here… his face was looking at that direction to where the sun and moon sees one another from a distance. And between them, the stars slowly start to shine.

“If you think about is, Hatsushimo will become stars then…”<br />“young master, I bet she’ll flipped out if you tell her that.”<br />“It’s fine, if you are surprised. Then she’ll be more surprised then.”<br />“What a wicked way to use me as a standard.”<br />“You’ll be fine then… Asides, you are the one who keep pulling these stops over the past few months, right?”<br />“Right.”<br />“That’s why, for once; I will make you truly surprised like you totally didn’t expect it at all.”

As he said those words, I finally got what was missing after all these times; I need not to become support for them to look out for me. All I need is just to be me and everything else will follow. That’s what Sensei has been saying to me too, what my mother said that I’ll give up my life just to serve that person. And thus, even with a lot of things still left unresolved at to this point. I am glad to stay at this way. Because…

“Young Master, I forgot to give you my reply.”<br />“Right.”<br />“Young Master… My answer to your preview is… YES.”

After that, I grabbed young master’s arm and brought him to where the circle lies. After tapping the ground twice, we came back to my room and there I wiped off the circle and pushed the Admiral down on my bed. Even I don’t look like it, I am at least capable of handling myself in an MMA match.

“While we are at it… care to mark me as your woman?”<br />“Sazanami…”<br />“I will not take no as an answer.”<br />And immediately, he had no choice but to get subjugated with my overwhelming strength.<br />



==Epilogue: Another day as an Admiral==

'''(Haruhiko’s POV)'''

I woke up the next day and Sazanami is indeed sleeping beside me. With the events she did last night, I was surprised that she can be that aggressive at one point, or could it be that my words have an aphrodisiac effect?

Mikazuki opened the door and she didn’t look surprised at all. It’s more of she was expecting it to happen and that’s why she came while carrying my change of clothes.

“I can see that you put up a good fight.”<br />“Please don’t say that while looking at me with those piercing eyes.”<br />“Haru-kun, I’ll mess you up tonight because I will not accept that she just messed you up while I haven’t done that to you. So… please don’t run away.”<br />“yes… ma’am.”

For some reason, Mikazuki is a bit… destructive, probably the reason why she really hates losing above all else. But even so, I can’t deny that I love that side of hers.

“You know what, you are truly beautiful when you are mad.”<br />“that’s a lie…”<br />“Don’t worry, you are also cute too even when you are mad.”

And so, I woke up earlier than expected and headed out towards the office. I knew that Sazanami will have to take a rest for today so I know that work will be a bit of a burden to work with as of today but…

“Haru-kun, is there a problem?”<br />“nothing. I just hope that all we have left after these are days of peace.”<br />“Yes. But with you around, that peace is just a dream.”<br />“…”<br />“Anyways, time for us to get back to work.”

And just like that, the day has just started for me as Mikazuki can’t help but to show her jealous face on me.






==<br />Secret Track:==

‘I love you.’ That’s all he said as he gently caresses me as our body touches one another.<br />‘I love you.’ That’s all I said when he knocked me up not once, but a bit more than usual.<br />‘I love you.’ Yes, we both said that as we kiss each other until we got tired from playing around.

While I don’t think Young Master has any intentions of marrying me… I am fine if he just takes me as his 2nd wife. For as long as I don’t lose to Hatsushimo, then; I’ll be just fine. Of course, Hatsushimo might have the same consensus as mine so we might clash a bit if things got a bit… strange.

Anyways, young master fell asleep first as he ran out of energy despite being able to stay long. I guess I got too durable that he can’t stay afloat anymore. But even so, it doesn’t mean that I win this round since I’ll be late in waking up tomorrow. But since he told me that I can take a break tomorrow, I guess I can just stay up all night long.

Soon, I got a call from my mentor.

“Are you still up?”<br />“Yes. I mean…”<br />“No need to tell me what happened. I can only guess a few reasons.”<br />“Then it’s okay to skip the reason then.”<br />“yes, it’s my son who is currently sleeping beside you so…”<br />“Sorry…”<br />“No need. He is old enough to decide on things. Anyways, my final assignment is… What would you do if Haruhiko is in danger. Remember that you still can’t shoot people.”<br />“I will… be his shield.”<br />“Admirable, but dumb. If something bad happens, please rethink about it.”<br />“Yes Ma’am.”<br />My mentor ended her call and soon, I lie down and sleep on my bed like a log besides young master as he sleeps like a baby.

<br />'''End.'''
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]