Random Shenanigans 8.5 - Random In-Betweens

*these are the little events that happened in between the spring operations.



==The arrival of a dragon==


Unryuu arrived at the naval base due to the efforts of the Combined fleet in E4*. She immediately proceeds to the Admiral's office. She was then greeted by the Admiral.

Unryuu: Unryuu class aircraft carrier, Unryuu, has arrived. Admiral, it's nice to meet you.

Hiro: Oh Finally. Nice Meeting you, I am Admiral Raven, I am the Admiral of this humble naval base.

Unryuu: It's a pleasure meeting you. Anyways, I might be rude to ask but, is Amagi and Katsuragi here?

Hiro: Of course they are here. I did work hard in getting all of you together.

Unryuu: I see. Thanks a lot. Anyways, I noticed that you have been staring at me intently, is there a problem?

Hiro: Nothing at all... anyways, you can take your leave now. Amagi should be here in any minute.

Unryuu: Alright.

A few moments passed and Amagi arrived and the two were reunited from that moment. Then, the two bowed to the Admiral and they exit together.

Then, Sazanami enters the office and she saw the admiral's grinning face.

Sazanami: Master, It seems that you have quite contained yourself a bit while I am gone.

Hiro: Indeed... But then, if she have stayed a bit longer...

Blood drips from the Admiral's nose as he can't hold it any longer. Sazanami gives him a tissue to ease his nose bleed.

Sazanami: Anyways Master, It's rare for you to be quite docile in the moment.

Hiro: Honestly, if she stayed a bit, I might have fainted due to the fact that her body stimulates me enough. Anyways... Ow.

Sazanami: Master, at least you are quite honest this time around. But, looking at other girls is a big no.

Hiro: Yes... anyways, what is the status of our team?

Sazanami: So far, we are near the Last Dance... anyways, It seems that we are quite good in this run.

Hiro: I see...

Sazanami: Well then, time for me to hit the waters once more.

Hiro: Take care then.

Sazanami: I will Master.

Sazanami left the office.



Meanwhile, Unryuu was escorted by Amagi to the carrier Dorms.

Amagi: Unryuu-neesan, it’s been quite a long time since we saw one another.

Unryuu: Yeah. Anyways, how is my little sister faring?

Amagi: Well, I am fine. Anyways, Katsuragi is with us already and she is quite a cheeky.

Unryuu: I see. That is good to hear indeed.

Amagi: Anyways Unryuu-neesan, what do you think of the Admiral? Isn't he a nice guy?

Unryuu: Indeed. But I have a feeling that he is a pervert too in nature.

Amagi: Oh! But all men are pervert in nature, so it's quite common for him to be like that.

Unryuu: Indeed. He was staring intently at my breast from the moment I introduced myself to him.

Amagi: Oh my, he is quite a naughty guy indeed... But at least, he is quite reliable and very gentleman.

Unryuu: Fumu... Anyways, it seems that you are quite fond of him... Do you love him?

Amagi: Well, I do like him at some extent. But he is after all, loved by others that I have to give way to them...

Unryuu: I see... Well then, let's go greet Katsuragi already.

Amagi: Alright! ♪

The two went to their room and there they saw Katsuragi and Katsuragi immediately embraces the two and the three finally reunited after their long wait.



==The arrival of Akizuki==


Akizuki arrives at the naval base after one of the successful farming runs in E2*

Akizuki was immediately brought to the office, but the office is currently empty at the moment.

Akizuki sits down and looks around.

Akizuki: (I am quite nervous on what kind of Commander will I meet.)

Akizuki fidgets as she can't contain her excitement.

Then, Akizuki saw a light that came from the seam in the wall.

Akizuki then stood up and she walks towards the seam.

Akizuki: (This is quite strange...)

Akizuki slowly closes in as she heard voices from the other side.

xxx: Sazanami, what would you do if we got Akizuki?

Sazanami: Well, I shall wait and see what will happen.

Akizuki covered her mouth on as she tries to hold back her astonishment. But she accidentally opens the seam.



Deep in Akizuki's mind that she is gonna be finished in this point in time but...

xxx: Wow... that was fast.

Sazanami: indeed. Master, shall we go to the office already and greet her properly.

Hiro: Well then.

The two stood up and they went out. Akizuki was still dumbfounded by the two.



Akizuki regains her composure and she introduced herself to the Admiral.

Akizuki: Akizuki-class anti-air destroyer, first ship, Akizuki. I'm reporting in here. Please leave it to me!

Sazanami: wow, she sounded so reliable.

Hiro: Indeed. Anyways, I am the Admiral of this Naval Base. I am Admiral Raven; it’s a pleasure meeting you, Akizuki.

Sazanami: The Admiral's right hand, Sazanami at your service. Nice meeting you too.

Akizuki: Nice meeting you two. Anyways, are you two perhaps dating?

Hiro: Wow, you managed to know that from the get-go? Anyways, since you are an anti-air specialist, I'll leave the air protection to you then.

Akizuki: eh...

Sazanami: Anyways, I will not tolerate people who are slacking. So do your best.

Akizuki: Eh!?

Hiro: Akizuki, currently; we are still looking for Teruzuki, so could you help us locate her too?

Akizuki: I see... I will help you then.

Hiro: Good.

Sazanami: Well then, we will tell the farming peepz that you will join them from time to time.

Hiro: Anyways Sazanami, can you escort her to her room?

Sazanami: Alright Master.

And with that, Sazanami escorted Akizuki to her room.


==Teruzuki's arrival==


Teruzuki arrived at the naval base a week after Akizuki arrived. She immediately was sent to the Admiral's Office.

Teruzuki: I am Teruzuki, the second ship of Akizuki-class Anti-air Destroyer! As with Akizuki-neesan, it is a great honor to be in your care!

Hiro: Thank goodness you are real!!!

The Admiral immediately embraces Teruzuki.

Teruzuki: Wha!? What is happening? Commander? Eh?

Hiro: I am glad to meet you after 9 months of waiting. I am so glad.

Teruzuki: I see... Commander, can you tell me why you are so happy? I mean, your reaction is quite strange.

Hiro: Oh yeah... Anyways, I am the Admiral Raven, the Admiral of this humble naval base. And if you ask why I feel this way, It's because 9 months ago, I fought and lost against the strongest Abyssal Princess I ever met. Defeating her will give you as a reward. So I am quite glad that I don't need to wait a year for me to get you.

Teruzuki: I see... anyways, why is the girl behind you has been emitting a murderous intent.

Hiro: Oh... sh*t.

Teruzuki: It seems that I made her mad...

Hiro: Anyways... Sazanami, Sorry for letting you see this.

Sazanami: I am fine. Asides, I am quite jealous that you can embrace her so passionately...

Hiro: (Shit... I might be killed if I handle this situation poorly.)

Teruzuki: Umm... Are you perhaps, the Lover of the Commander?

Sazanami: I do. Anyways, I am Sazanam; the right hand of the Admiral. And I am indeed his lover.

Teruzuki: I see... Well then, I will take my leave. I need to give you space in order for you two to make up with one another.

Sazanami: (such good kid)

Hiro: (indeed... I am touched)

Teruzuki exits the office and she started to wander to the corridor.



Teruzuki: Commander is an interesting guy... The way he embraced me made my heart skipped a beat... I feel like... Oh my, I shouldn't think this way. I just met him and my heart is like this... awawawawa...

Teruzuki was in a state of confusion before Hatsuzuki saw her. And she immediately escorted her to their room to where Akizuki was sitting and waiting for her arrival.


==Hello, Teruzuki==


There was once a legend to which admirals have succumb to the terror that is blocking to the girl named Teruzuki<br />Some of them didn't manage to defeat the said enemy and they are now lamenting on the time they need to wait until they get Teruzuki.


And 9 months later, she finally become available to all of those who have failed to secure that smile<br />9 months after, I can finally have my revenge and grab her to wherever hell she is right now<br />9 months after, I am quite confident that I can get her no matter how many times I try<br />And 9 months after, I can finally have a chance to meet the elusive girl that once sent me to my despair.

It was a long and tough battle,<br />It was a long and very tiring wait,<br />But all of it is not in vain<br />For those 9 months of strengthening are not gone to waste.

Oh Teruzuki, finally you have blessed us with your presence<br />I will forever be grateful to you and will never let you go<br />I will forever hold your hands so that you will not lose your way<br />And I will forever be thankful for salvaging my poor soul.

Teruzuki, Thank you for appearing to me<br />I am thankful to the your appearance that managed to douse my burning rage<br />Teruzuki, Thank you for being here<br />Because and your sisters and I will not be lonely anymore.

And just as I close this small thank you poem.<br />I, the Admiral have succeeded in claiming her from the depths of hell to where she was chained<br />I, the Admiral will take care of you and make sure that you will be not troubled anymore.<br />And lastly, I will forever thank those who have effort to those who made this possible

I want to give thanks to the following:<br />To the main fleet who have done a spectacular job in clearing the operation,<br />To the farming team that managed to retrieve Teruzuki from the depths of hell,<br />And to the expedition team who has contributed to the continuous inflow of resources, you made things possible due to your dedication to contribute resources.<br />All in all, I want to give thanks to all of you. You have made my dream came true and you have managed to finish the Operation faster than expected.

I might have been a selfish Admiral to all of you.<br />But now, I will make sure that I will take care of not only Teruzuki, but also all of you. after all, you all made it possible.<br />Thank you, Thank you... I have no words to say to all of you.<br />And to Teruzuki...<br />Hello! Nice meeting you.


==The meals of the Naval Base==


Akizuki along with Teruzuki and Hatsuzuki were eating together in the mess hall. Akizuki and Teruzuki were stocking up food that they have left. Hatsuzuki on the other hand continues on eating.

Akizuki: Hatsuzuki, Why are you still eating? We can't waste the food that was given to us.

Hatsuzuki: But nee-san, the Commander has stated that we can't store food at all. Asides, he said that you need to eat all of your food in the plate.

Teruzuki: But this food... it's a waste if I eat it in one bite. I want to savor the food until the evening.

Hatsuzuki: But the Admiral will cook another food in the evening, I bet you will have to stock up once more. Asides...

Hatsuzuki felt the presence of a frightening person. That person is the head of the cooking club Kinugasa.

Kinugasa: My, It's a waste not to eat it all. Asides, Hiro's food is quite popular here and a lot of the busy girls are trying to let their schedules open just to taste the food he makes.  Aren't you girls feel ashamed?

Akizuki: But Ma'am, we can't let these delicious food be wasted in eating them as a whole...

Teruzuki: Indeed. Akizuki-neesan said that we should be thrifty to food.

Kinugasa: But you know, this is not the time for that. The war has ended and you needed not to conserve food. Asides, Hiro will be sad if he hears that there are leftovers in his food. He is quite confident in his cooking skills. So confident, that he made Mamiya's pride as a cook crumbles. Anyways, I think it's bad to the chef to know that there are leftovers.

Akizuki: Indeed...

Teruzuki: yeah...

Hatsuzuki: Like I told you my Nee-sans, you can just eat to your hearts content?

Akizuki: Is it fine?

Teruzuki: Is this okay?

Hatsuzuki: Indeed true. I am like that in the beginning but they corrected my wrong ways.

Kinugasa: Asides, if someone made food for you from the one who you love; it's an insult if you left something, right?

The three nodded.

Kinugasa: So, as the Head of the cooking club; I command you Akizuki and Teruzuki to enjoy your meals and do not left anything at all.

Akizuki and Teruzuki: Yes Ma'am!

Kinugasa: As long as you understand. I will take my leave. Hiro might need my assitance later.

Kinugasa left the three and went back to the kitchen.

As the three was left behind, Akizuki and Teruzuki looked at one another and asked the same question to them.

Akizuki and Teruzuki: Who is Hiro?


==The Italian girl named Pola==


Pola arrived at the naval base and was immediately greeted by the Admiral.

Hiro: Hmm... So you are Pola?

Pola: Yes... Anyways, are you the Admiral?

Hiro: I am indeed the Admiral. But there is one thing I don't understand...

Pola: What is it?

Hiro: Why are we not having a conversation in Italian? I mean, you are an Italian right?

Pola: But I somehow know these words when I woke up. It must be magic.

Hiro: How convenient that magic is... Anyways, I am the Admiral of this base. I am Admiral Raven.

Pola; I am Pola, nice meeting you.

Hiro: Anyways... wait, what are you doing?

Pola: it's hot... I need to refresh myself...

Hiro: Stop that.

The Admiral tried to stop Pola from undressing inside the office. Then, Zara came and saw what is happening.

Zara: Admiral… is Pola...

Pola: Oh Zara!

Hiro: Wait. I can explain this...

Zara immediately kicks the Admiral and she dresses Pola once more.

Zara: Admiral is... I can't believe it...

Pola: Oh by the way Zara-san, I am just feeling the heat that I started trying to cool myself on.

Zara: Eh!?

Hiro: That was something I wanted to say before you kicked me though...

The Admiral lifts himself and stands on his feet once again. He removed the dust that accumulated from his uniform.

Zara: I made a mistake. Sorry for judging you so early!

Hiro: Don't mind it. Anyways Pola, you should... WAH!!!

Pola started undressing once more.  And after that, Sazanami managed to calm down the situation and she restrained Pola's rash actions.



Pola was immediately brought to her room and Zara was assisting her.

Pola: The Admiral... he is interesting to tease.

Zara: Pola, Please don't burden him. I mean, he is quite busy already and you add more work on his plate.

Pola: I see. So do you love the Admiral?

Zara: Wha!? It's not what you think... I mean, he is a nice person and he really is someone who attends to me and I don't think he sees me as a woman... sigh*

Pola: I see. Anyways, I on the other hand... I think I like the Admiral. I want him to look at me too... well, unless Zara-neesan has told me to stop, but then; I will not yield...

Zara: Pola...

Pola: Anyways, I think I am confident enough to seduce him with my charm...

Zara: POLA!!!

Pola: fine, fine... Anyways, please give me your response. I can't really wait to attack him.

The two reached their rooms and Pola immediately fell asleep after that.


==A request for Divine Wind==


Kamikaze arrived at the naval base and she was immediately sent to the Admiral's office to where the Admiral is waiting for him.

Hiro: Anyways... You must be Kamikaze.

Kamikaze: I am the First ship of the Kamikaze-class destroyer, Kamikaze; has arrived.

Hiro: good. Anyways, I am the Admiral of this humble naval base. I am Admiral Raven, Nice meeting you.

Kamikaze: It's a pleasure.

Hiro: Anyways, My secretary is currently out for the meanwhile while she is busy doing the Operation, But I did not speak of this because I want to have a secretary at the moment. Anyways, since she is not here, I have a request to ask of you.

Kamikaze: Request?

Hiro: I am still in the process of looking for your sister Harukaze, so when she finally arrives here I want you to be the representative to the Kamikaze-class Destroyers that might arrive in the future.

Kamikaze: I see...

Hiro: Anyways... How should I put this... You are wearing something from the Taisho era right?

Kamikaze: I am indeed. These clothes represent the kind of lifestyle we are living back on those days.

Hiro: Hmm... Well, it was in Taisho Period where everyone is in transitions... Sorry, I have few knowledge on that.

Kamikaze: So the Commander is a foreigner...

Hiro: More like a semi-foreigner. Anyways, I am letting you know this much but as far as I can remember, there are many foreigners in this base (in terms of where they lived)... Oh well, what a blunder indeed.

Kamikaze: Indeed. So Commander, is that your request.

Hiro: Oh wait. I have one more... but I want you to think of it until the time comes. I mean, it's something that I rarely give.

Kamikaze: Hooh... So what is it?

Hiro: It's what I called 'the right to ask anything from me' privilege. By the way, I only give one request, So use it properly.

Kamikaze: Alright. Hmm... Now that you mentioned, in the old days, girls were being fixed to marry someone... But since this is a different era, I was thinking that I guess you should be...

Before Kamikaze finishes her sentence, the door opens and Sazanami enters the office.

Sazanami: Master, I am back.

Hiro: Welcome Home. Anyways, how is the trip?

Sazanami: Somewhat fruitful. Oh, Is that Kamikaze. I am the right hand of the Admiral, I am Sazanami; Nice meeting you.

Kamikaze: Oh, nice meeting you too...

Kamikaze shook hands with Sazanami and she noticed the ring in her finger.

Kamikaze: What a nice piece of accessory, where did you get that?

Sazanami: It's given to me by Master, currently; Master and I were engaged provisionally... or something like that.

Kamikaze: I see... (So he has someone else.)

Sazanami: Anyways Master, can you let us take a break for a bit.

Hiro: Okay. By the way Kamikaze, do you have something to say?

Kamikaze: Well... I have to take my leave now. If you excuse me...

Hiro: Take care. Your Dorm is in the end of the corridor, when you reach that, just open the door and just choose your room.

Kamikaze: I will...

Kamikaze walks out of the room and she quietly proceeds towards to the Destroyer's dorm.


==The spring wind==


A few weeks after the Admiral cleared the Operation, he has set out his fleet to do some rescue and retrieval operations in E7, and somewhere along the way, the fleet arrived with Harukaze in tow.

They arrived at the naval base and she was immediately sent to the Admiral's office to where the Admiral is busy looking at the documents with Sazanami who was getting the files.

Hiro: Sazanami, Are there any files there in the other cabinet?

Sazanami: None left Master.

Hiro: I see... anyways... Are you Harukaze?

The Admiral looked at his side and saw Harukaze who was surprised that she was seen despite being busy.

Harukaze immediately bowed her head and she started to introduce herself.

Harukaze: My name is Harukaze, I'm the 3rd ship of the Kamikaze-class destroyers. Commander-sama, I am pleased to make your acquaintance.

Hiro: I am the Admiral of this humble naval base, I am Admiral Raven. Nice meeting you too. Somehow, you are more polite than your older sister Kamikaze.

Harukaze: Oh, Kamikaze-oneesama is here?

Hiro: Yes. By the way, you and your sister have the same dressing style. Is that really because you two came from the Taisho Era?

Harukaze: Kamikaze and I were indeed built in those times. And yes... this dress really represents our culture back then.

Hiro: I see.

Sazanami: As far as I can remember on those matters, they are the clothes worn by a student or a scholar... Hmm...

Harukaze: The girl is indeed right. Though I have no idea why this was bestowed to us... Well, I do not hate it at all. Anyways, who might you be?

Sazanami: Oh I forgot, I am the right hand of the Admiral, I am Sazanami. Nice meeting you.

Harukaze: I see. Anyways, I have to go to where Onee-sama is. If you excuse me then…

Harukaze left the office and she was immediately greeted by Kamikaze who was about to enter the office.

The two walk slowly towards their room and while the two were walking, Harukaze opens up a conversation.

Harukaze: it seems the Commander-sama is a person of respect, though he seems to be lacking in some parts... I wish Onee-sama could marry such a wonderful person... Onee-sama?

Kamikaze was a bit red from Harukaze's teasing.

Harukaze: Oh my. You like him? But how is that possible? I remember that one must have know the partner in order for girls to fall in love in this era, so what is the matter onee-sama?

Kamikaze: It's nothing... Well Honestly, I really don't understand it at all... It seems that he has something that really defies the rules of this world, not that we don't defy it at some ways, But to him... It seems that he is aware of it and he usually does not communicate much for as long as it's possible.

Harukaze: Hmm... But it seems that despite his aura of being an unreliable guy, he is actually quite of a person. I wonder how onee-sama will handle Commander-sama when you two are alone... Ufufu ♪

Kamikaze: Harukaze! Somehow, you are match making me to the commander to which he is kind enough to give me a privilege to ask anything, but anything asides from that... I am just a normal destroyer in his eyes. I mean...

Harukaze: If you can win against the right hand, then you think you can get him? Am I correct?

Kamikaze: ...

Harukaze: Onee-sama, you see that once we reach that age to where we can freely choose someone we can love, it's our chance to make sure we can get the one we want... I mean, we are free from the old tradition that forces us to marry to someone we don't like/love at all.

Kamikaze: I know... but with this generation... I feel if I am sufficient for him.

Harukaze: Don't worry Kamikaze-oneesama, I am here to support you along the way. Just don't hate me when I managed to win his heart.

Kamikaze: Harukaze...

Harukaze: Just kidding. Anyways, where is our room?

Kamikaze: well... just a few meters more then.

And the two slowly walked towards their room while passing time by talking to one another.


==Asagumo's arrival==


Asagumo was currently in the Tea house to where Fusou and Yamashiro were busy making tea. Asagumo didn't walk towards the Admiral's office since she felt that she might be meeting with an unreasonable person.

Fusou: Oh my. Is that you Asasgumo?

Asagumo: Indeed. I just arrived a while ago.

Fusou: If we are not mistaken, we are the ones who rescued you. I thought you would go his office to properly introduce yourself to him.

Asagumo: I decided to skip the formalities since I bet that he is just gonna let me sit it out here...

Fusou: Well, the Admiral has a lot of Destroyers to take care anyways. I guess one extra does not matters... Oh, what a rare chance indeed to see you here.

Asagumo: wait, is there a visitor?

Fusou: Indeed... he is an honored visitor just in case. Admiral, can you come and drink with us?

Hiro: Well, I plan too. Also, I heard that there is a defiant girl who truant enough to skip the introductions and went here. Asagumo, I am the Admiral of the naval base.

Asagumo: Hmph! Asagumo of the Asashio-class Destroyers. I am not really looking forward on this anyways.

Hiro: Well, I know for sure. That is why I brought insurance.

then, Yamagumo appeared out of the Admiral's back and Yamagumo was surprised to see Asagumo.

Yamagumo: Asagumo! How I miss you.

Yamagumo immediately run towards Asagumo and she immediately embraced the defenseless Asagumo.

Asagumo: Wha... Yamagumo, please let me go. I have to escape...

Yamagumo: Naa uuh... Asides, the commander has asked me to after the long time of being not ordered too... I am quite happy to let him use me.

Asagumo: Commander! What did you do to Yamagumo?

Hiro: Well, she heard the news of your arrival, so she immediately went to my office to see you. But it seems you have other plans of yourself, so I decided to add her to the search party and look over for you. Asides, she just missed you so much. Let her be like that for now.

Asagumo: ...

Hiro: Anyways Asagumo, I have a mission for you. Please look at it as your personal duty.

Asagumo: If I do that, will you let go and do whatever I want?

Hiro: Of course. Anyways, wanna hear it?

Asagumo: I am game!

Hiro: Well then... Asagumo, your duty from here on is to pair up with Yamagumo and do some night patrol inside the base.

Asagumo: Night Patrol?

Hiro: well... I hate to admit it, but the people willing to do night patrols are very few so I have to ask you for a favor about that.

Asagumo: I see... if I say no, what would you do to me?

Hiro: I will send you to do Tokyo express or the bucket race.

Asagumo: Bucket race?

Hiro: a 30 minute expedition that might or might not give us an instant repair bucket. It's pretty tedious if you ask me.

Asagumo: ... (If I do expeditions, The chances that I will have to deal with the people in the team. Oh well... but If I do night patrols, for as long as Yamagumo behaves, it's like there is no one who will disturb me... Hmm...)

Hiro: There is one more option though. But I don't think you will want it.

Asagumo: Why is that?

Hiro: You will be sent to the farming runs to gain experience.

Asagumo: eh...

Hiro: So what will you do?

Asagumo: I knew it... Oh well. I will do night patrols then with Yamagumo.

Yamagumo: Really?

Asagumo: Yes Yamagumo.

Hiro: Anyways, since you have said it, I expect you to do your best. Anyways, I still have to level you since You need the strength to defeat anyone who break the rules. Understood?

Asagumo: Understood!

Hiro: Alright. Fusou-san, I will take my leave now.

Fusou: You are leaving this early?

Hiro: Well, I guess I can sip a cup of tea and call a day. Anyways, please tell Yamashiro not to put any kinds of poison to my tea. She might hate me, but she needs to watch her actions especially on how she treats her superior.

Fusou: I will tell her that.

And the Admiral stayed a bit to drink a cup of tea. After that, he stood up and left the said place.

Asagumo: Phew. He left. Yamagumo, it seems that you are not bothered by him at all.

Yamagumo: Because Asagumo is here to protect me. Well, I also like the Commander... But I like Asagumo more.

Asagumo: Idiot...

The two continued to talk to one another as they pass their time inside of the Tea house.


==The American Powerhouse==


Iowa arrived at the Admiral's naval base and she greeted the Admiral who was stationed there.

Iowa: Hi! I am the Iowa-class battleship, Iowa. You are the Admiral of this fleet? Not bad! Take care of us too! (in American English)

Hiro: I am Admiral Raven of the Raven Base. Nice meeting you in person (in straight English)

Sazanami: Wait Master... I do not understand how the two of you converse?

Hiro: Oh I forgot, she is an American, so her language is American English. Anyways, wear this bracelet for a while, It's has a built-in translator which was slightly modified by Yuubari.

Sazanami wore the silver bracelet and then she looks at the people talking.

Iowa: I heard that the Admiral of this base is a great guy. I want to make sure that we are also treated right despite my roots.

Hiro: Don't worry about that. I will treat any ship of any nationality with equality and with respect.

Iowa: You are being too humble... But I do not hate it. Anyways, this young girl... Is she your secretary? She is such a young and reliable girl.

Hiro: Indeed. She is my most trusted secretary and her name is Sazanami.

Iowa: I see. Anyways, are you two perhaps lovers? She is quite attached to you and I can see in your eyes that you really want to... Oh Am I saying too much?

Hiro: Not much. What you said is indeed the truth. Anyways, what can you say about our base?

Iowa: Well, it's quite a sizable base. But I really feel that I might meet someone I know.

Hiro: Well...

The door suddenly opens and Kongou Blazes inside the office.

Kongou: Admiral!!! I heard a voice of a foreigner here. What is... wha!?

Iowa: Oh, so you must be Kongou. I am Iowa, can you help me with everything here?

Kongou: No thanks.

Hiro: Kongou, I want you to serve as Iowa's Senior. Please guide her well.

Kongou: NO!!!!

Iowa: Well then, I got to go to my room and I needed to start learning by following Kongou's example.

Iowa dragged Kongou and they went outside of the office.

Hiro: Sazanami, can I have my bracelet back?

Sazanami: I have no idea you are quite good in English...

Hiro: Well, I did study it anyways. The only language I didn't learned is your native tongue.

Sazanami: Eh... So you mean...

Hiro: Yup. I was wearing that translator all the time.

Sazanami: I see...

Hiro: Anyways, but nowadays... I can talk to anyone in the fleet without the aid of a translator. I guess I can say I have improved.

Sazanami: Master...

Hiro: Well then, let's return back to work.

Sazanami: Alright then.


==Awkward meetings==


Katori and Maikaze meets Iowa in the Hallway, the two were hiding their faces in order not to be seen by Iowa.

Iowa: Hmm... I think I saw you girls before. I forgot where it is...

Maikaze: You must have mistaken us for someone else, right sensei?

Katori: Indeed...

the two passes Iowa and before they can walk away, Iowa grabbed their shoulders.

Iowa: Oh. I remember you two. You must be Katori and this one is Maikaze.

Maikaze: Ugh...

Katori: ...

Iowa: Don't worry. This time, I am at your side. Asides, I wish Jersey is also here to reassure Maikaze. Asides, we should be friends...after all, we are comrades.

Katori: Yeah...

Maikaze: um...

Then Kongou arrives.

Kongou: Iowa, let them go for now. For now, let them think about on how they will accept you. I mean they are still in a state of shock. Be thankful you are not being antagonized by them. After all, his policy is not to hate one another. Asides, if you give them time... they will sooner or later, they will not feel awkward meeting you. But for now, let them be.

Iowa lets go of Katori and Maikaze and the escapes Iowa's range

Iowa: I understand. Kongou is indeed very knowledgeable on things.

Kongou: Well... I am responsible for you anyways. I have to do my work to please the Admiral.

Iowa: By the way, it seems that almost all of you are somewhat very attached to the Admiral, I wonder what is his secret on that.

Kongou: Well... Honestly, I do not know it either. But since time immemorial, he has been personally taking care of us... I guess we are all indebted to him and that is why we stick to his side, even though Sazanami-chan seems to be annoyed by it. Anyways Iowa, shall we go and meet Musashi soon.

Iowa: Alright. Though I still want to meet Yamato myself, Musashi herself is of the same league as Yamato, right?

Kongou: Yup. Anyways, let's go.

The two went and visit Musashi's room.


==Hagikaze's wish==


Arashi, oh Arashi... Where could you be now?<br />I am here on my own room, alone and thinking of the fated day<br />The fated day to where we will be reunited with one another<br />The day where the Destroyer Division 4 is fully operational<br />Ah, such days is something I look forward to...<br />But for now, all I can do is to wait for your arrival.<br />Because he promised me that he will bring you home this time,<br />And it's because he really cares for all of us.

But for now, I still have Nowaki and Maikaze calming me down<br />Sometimes, a Yuugumo-class destroyer is also there who acts as your proxy<br />But I admit that she sucks at acting, but she does her best to imitate you<br />Anyways, For now... All I can do is wait for you, afterall... that is all I can do for now

But you know, there are times that Nowaki and Maikaze are sometimes occupied with one another<br />When Maikaze is busy flirting with the Admiral and when that Yuugumo-class Destroyer also flirts with him<br />And It seems that Nowaki has been glancing on the Admiral from time to time too...<br />For now, I feel that I am alone without you. Because you are the only one who listens to my selfish requests.<br />But as I was saying a while ago, all I can do is wait for you.

Admiral, please be quick...<br />I don't think my heart can bear it this longer.<br />I am sad and this sadness seems to get the best of me.<br />Admiral, hurry up and rescue Arashi. I want to see her, feel her and embrace her<br />For I know Arashi is the one for me... I can't wait the day that I'll be meeting her<br />But for now, all I can do is wait and believe that you will arrive this time.

For now, I will wait in darkness of my room<br />For without you, the sun will not shine.<br />Arashi, Oh Arashi, I want to see your face<br />Before I go and sleep for the night.<br />And if I do sleep for tonight without seeing your face,<br />I hope that when I wake up in the morning<br />I can see your face first thing in the morning<br />and I will be the first one who will greet you 'good morning.'<br />Arashi, hurry up and come here already. I am waiting for you...

With lots of love... Hagikaze.


==The daily lives of a certain naval base.==


Hiro: Anyways, we are nearing the end of operations; I hope everyone still has the energy to their best. Are you with me!

ALL: YEAH!!!!

Hiro: Good, Anyways, It seems that we will have to make sure that this time, we can get most of the ships we needed. Well then folks, let's get grinding then.

All: Yeah!!!

Hiro: Also, my final words before we end this meeting, No matter what happens, be sure to be safe and do not do anything reckless. Got it?

All: Yeah.

Hiro: Well then, meeting adjourned. Everyone! back to work.

And with the Admiral's command, everyone resume in doing their duties.

Hiro: Phew, Finally over.

Sazanami: Thanks for the good work. Master, are you tired already?

Hiro: I am kinda tired, Let me rest a bit in your lap will you?

Sazanami: Alright. I am ready for this event anyways.

The Admiral rests his head on Sazanami's lap.

Hiro: Nice and soft thighs you have.

Sazanami: Master, that is somewhat close to sexual harassment.

Hiro: My bad. Anyways, how are our resources?

Sazanami: Well, it's not bad than what we projected to be, Probably due to the fact that we managed to finish the map that early.

Hiro: I see. Anyways, how are the newcomers?

Sazanami: So far, everyone is quite well adjusted to the base. I guess they are quite flexible people.

Hiro: I see. How about Iowa's issue?

Sazanami: For now, Maikaze and Katori are still avoiding her, but it seems that the two were not that scared of her anymore. I can guess that they can talk a week after or before the Operation closes.

Hiro: I see. Well that is indeed good news. I guess we can be ready for the next chapter then.

Sazanami: Indeed. Anyways, Hagikaze-san's condition is quite a trouble.

Hiro: Her case is quite rare indeed. But, I believe that that is natural of her to feel that way, afterall she still wants to meet Arashi, but it seems that the enemies are not giving her up. Sigh*, I can't face her if I can't get her.

Sazanami: me too... I wonder how can I cal her.

Hiro: Well, I guess we need to be responsible for whatever happens in our search then.

Sazanami: Indeed.

Hiro: Anyways. Samidare, are you here already?

Samidare arrived carrying a map.

Samidare: I have brought what you have ordered me to bring.

Hiro: Good work Samidare.

Samidare: Thanks. Anyways Admiral, I can give you massages so that you will feel better.

Hiro: I guess I can ask for that.

Samidare: Yes!

Sazanami: Anyways, Master, what is your order for us today?

Hiro: Hmm... I guess we have to go to that.

Sazanami: Hmm?

Hiro: Deploy the Arashi Farming team. Tell them that they will be greatly rewarded if they rescued Arashi.

Sazanami: Alright.

Sazanami takes out her phone and she presses the keys of the phone as she type the message she wants to send to the team.

Samidare: Well then, shall we enjoy ourselves to the relaxing scenery we have then.

Hiro: I approve

Sazanami: Me too. Master, just take it easy today.

Hiro: I will. Anyways, thank you Samidare and Sazanami for being with me. I really appreciate it.

Sazanami and Samidare: We appreciate it. But you will have to do that sooner or later.

Hiro: I will. I will work hard for your sakes then.

Samidare: Alright. I have nothing to complain.

Sazanami: Me too. Master has decided indeed.

And so, the three finally relax on that day with few worries in their minds…

'''- end.'''
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]