==The Interview - Winter Edition==

'''''Aoba and the Admiral is in the Radio room for their interview. Aoba originally plan for an interview that would be held in a large conference room but the Admiral said that not all are available for the interview since some of them were in expeditions and some of them would be asleep for after doing their night duty. The Admiral also brought Sazanami and Samidare into the interview proper as other participants and Aoba has hid his secret participants in the other room to mess things up a bit.'''''

===[Pre-interview]===

'''Aoba''': Welcome to the Radio room Admiral. I also asked for Sazanami's permission to use the recording devices so that we can air this on a later time.

'''Hiro''': Good work sensei. Say Aoba, I feel that you have something under your sleeves since You kindly accepted my conditions. Say, you have other guests, right?

'''Aoba''': Well... (He is sharp I admit, but I knew he would ask that. I'll just have to act natural.); Just wait for it.

'''Hiro''': Tch! I knew it. Samidare! Call Yuugumo; she will handle the recording proper.

'''Samidare''': Alright.

''Samidare left the room to summon Yuugumo.''

'''Sazanami''': I saw Kazagumo and Maikaze walking into a separate room a few minutes ago. I wonder what they are up to.

'''Hiro''': Well... I guess they are Aoba's mystery guests.

'''Aoba''': What!? You already blow their cover this early!?

'''Sazanami''': Also, I find it too fishy that you agreed immediately without any struggle at your part. So it means you are willing to cheat you way into your own gain. Who requested you to bring them in?

'''Aoba''': Yuugumo and Nowaki seemed to be excited to hear about the Admiral's Interview so they asked me to bring them in as secret (not anymore) guests.

'''Hiro''': And I called one of those culprits.

'''Aoba''': Teehee.

'''Sazanami''': Shall I call Nowaki too?

'''Hiro''': Yup. Tell her to go for an expedition by herself.

'''Sazanami''': That's a bit harsh...

'''Hiro''': okay, I changed my mind. Let her help Yuugumo in the set up of the recording.  That's it.

'''Sazanami''': Okay.

''Sazanami left the room to call Nowaki.''

'''Hiro''': Aoba, Please prepare your materials. I will visit the other two in the opposite room.

'''Aoba''': Alright.

The Admiral left the Radio Room to visit Kazagumo and Maikaze.

''After a few minutes, the recording of the interview was held.''



==[Interview Proper]==

'''Aoba''': Hello Everyone! This is your friendly gossip collector Aoba saying a good day to you all. I am here with the Admiral and his two secretaries to do some radio interview. Sorry folks. I can't convince the Admiral to do a live interview, but consider this as a good way to know his current state. Anyways, let the interview commence. Admiral, Good Morning!

'''Hiro''': Good Morning Aoba. Anyways, what's with the long intro?

'''Aoba''': it's for the suspense effect. Asides, I want to make things work.

'''Hiro''': Well it's good. But I wish you will also interview other people too.

'''Aoba''': Well, after this, I have an interview with Kuro-san who seems to be making a big ruckus on the carrier dorms.

'''Hiro''': oh Him. He is loved by the carriers, which is good.

'''Sazanami''': master, you are getting out of tangent once more.

'''Hiro''': Oh Sorry. Anyways, I also brought Sazanami and Samidare with me. So It's not an one-on-one interview. Anyways Aoba, I am quite busy right now, so can we hit the questions now?

'''Aoba''': Alright, Here is my first question. Tell us about the state of affairs of this naval base?

'''Hiro''': well, this is a quite great development for us. We had expanded a bit but I still haven't opened the reserve docks so I might need to work hard to make the docks available in the future.

'''Sazanami''': Master, When will be able to expand?

'''Hiro''': Hmm, I still don't know when. But look forward to it.

'''Aoba''': Alright. Say Admiral, when did you expand our living quarters?

'''Hiro''': January 3. Why?

'''Aoba''': Oh. Nevermnd. Anyways, let’s step back a bit and tell me about something about our previous operation.

'''Hiro''': Oh, the medium scale one. Well, it's practically easy and I am glad that I managed to rescue some of our friends like Nowaki, Tokitsukaze, Mizuho, Kazagumo, U-511 and our very own Coffee-chan.

'''Aoba''': Pardon to ask, why was Graf Zeppelin named Coffee-chan?

'''Hiro''': Well, it's our agreement (by force). Also, I am leveling her now.

'''Aoba''': I see.

'''Samidare''': But Admiral, we still haven't got Akizuki-san right?

'''Hiro''': Yeah... (Sigh)

''The atmosphere around the radio room went stale.''

'''Aoba''': Anyway Admiral, you can get Akizuki next operation so don't be depressed.

'''Hiro''': Alright.

'''Aoba''': Moving asides, I have 2 more questions before we hit the commercial.

'''Hiro''': only 2?

'''Aoba''': Well, these are just official matters, but what our audience wants is the other segment.

'''Hiro''': Oh well.

'''Aoba''': Okay. Admiral, what is your next move regarding the upcoming operation?

'''Hiro''': well... Honestly, I am quite unsure this time around since we already got an Intel on what will the operation will be. But, what scares me is that I need 2 Rare Destroyers and Kasumi to be one of the most powerful fighting forces.

'''Aoba''': ehhh.... Kasumi-san is included in the next operation?

'''Hiro''': Honestly, I don't know if I can level her towards my goal. But I wish I can immediately send her to the frontlines too.

'''Aoba''': Well. We still have at least 3 weeks to do that, I guess we can make ends meet.

'''Hiro''': Yup. Looks like I am in for some roller coaster ride. Last Operation, Kawakaze played an important part of the nighttime operations. So I guess we need to be prepared at all times.

'''Aoba''': I see.

'''Samidare''': By the way, Kasumi said to me that she is eager to be of use to you which was pretty rare. Considering the Tsundere attitude of hers, she actually wants you to help her. I kinda wonder if how close you two are when you two are managing the other naval base.

'''Hiro''': Well, Kasumi is my very trusted friend, that’s it.

'''Samidare''': alright.

'''Aoba''': Well that was something. Anyways Samidare-san, May I know the details of that after the interview.

'''Samidare''': Alright.

'''Aoba''': Moving on. Our last question for this segment is that, Since A few weeks from now, the first Anniversary of your assignment here in this naval district; what is your wish for this anniversary?

'''Hiro''': Oh. It's almost time. Anyway, my only wish is that no one gets sunk and I pray that we can rescue all of our friends who are still in the clutches of the abyssal. That’s it.

'''Sazanami''': My wish is that after this, Master will be less of a lazy guy at work.

'''Samidare''': My wish is that I can still serve the Admiral as a ship-girl.

'''Aoba''': Alright. I have no more questions to ask; Time for some commercial.



==[15 minute intermission]==

'''Aoba''': Well that was fast.

'''Hiro''': I feel like we are rushing things. How many questions do you have anyways?

'''Aoba''': well, a sack of questions.

''Aoba puts out a sack containing many letters that contain the Questions for the Q & A.''

'''Hiro''': You are not exaggerating aren't you?

'''Aoba''': By the way, these were already filtered so originally, I had 5 sacks containing questions, love letters to you (why are they sent to me?) and some Requests letters (why are they sent to me too?).

'''Hiro''': Oh, that's many.

'''Sazanami''': the other letters were routed to you since I also check the kind of letters Master receives.

'''Hiro''': hey...

'''Sazanami''': By the way Master, I will not accept any love letters coming from any other girls that is not named as Sazanami.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Samidare''': I see, my letter was rejected by you too.

'''Sazanami''': Well, nothing personal.

'''Samidare''': Anyways, since sending him a letter is prohibited, I will just go get him.

'''Hiro''': Sazanami, please lift the ban on love letters.

'''Sazanami''': why Master?

'''Hiro''': Samidare is frustrated since her letters are not sent. If she is frustrated, then others who are more aggressive will take drastic actions.

'''Sazanami''': What a pain. You won't be answering them anyways.

'''Hiro''': Let us say that if I safely receive it, they will know that their feelings were not denied.

'''Sazanami''': Alright.

'''Samidare''': thanks a lot.

''Samidare's demeanor changes after lifting the ban.''

'''Sazanami '''(whispers to the Admiral): You seem to be too kind to Samidare, Why?

'''Hiro''': (whispers back to Sazanami): Well, Lately, I see her drinking with Jun'you so I think she is emotionally burdened. I just want to make her feel that she is needed also.

'''Sazanami''': Master, you need to schedule the time you spend with all of us so that these events will not happen.

'''Hiro''': Well, you just tend to stick to me that all of them stays away from me.

'''Sazanami''': Teehee!

'''Hiro''': ...



'''''Nowaki entered the radio room.'''''

'''Nowaki''': Admiral...

'''Hiro''': Nowaki, what is the matter?

'''Nowaki''': well... Never mind.

''Nowaki exits the radio room''

'''Hiro''': (Sazanami's appearance exerts too much pressure on others, I am thankful that she is still pressuring others to avoid me.)

''As the Admiral ponders, he grabbed Sazanami's hand.''

'''Sazanami''': Master? Why do you held my hand?

'''Hiro''': I am just feeling thankful.

'''Samidare''': Admiral, please hold my hand too.

'''Hiro''': Alright.

''The Admiral holds Samidare's hand.''



'''''Meanwhile…'''''

'''Yuugumo''': Nowaki, you seemed to be intimidated by Sazanami. Wanna ask for help?

'''Nowaki''': No thanks, I must overcome this pressure myself.

'''Yuugumo''': well let me give you a piece of Advice. Be like Maikaze who is carefree.

'''Nowaki''': I can't be like her.

'''Yuugumo''': I see... Then be like me.

'''Nowaki''': ?

'''Yuugumo''': You see... I still love him despite being in the corner. I already accepted the fact that he loves Kazagumo more than me, but I still returned here because Kazagumo needed me as her sister. I need to be there for her.

'''Nowaki''': But you seduce the Admiral too.

'''Yuugumo''': well, given by the body I have and the disposition I had, I guess seduction is my forte. But lemme tell you something, you are pretty seductive yourself. I will help you, don't worry. I know his weak spots.

'''Nowaki''': really?

'''Yuugumo''': He likes girl with long hair, but he also likes them short too. She really doesn’t mind the breast size but he said that he likes girls who are slightly slender. Kazagumo-chan fits that description and Sazanami-san.

'''Nowaki''': I see...

''Nowaki twirls her short hair as she evaluates herself.''

'''Yuugumo''': let me tell you something he has very weird taste as far as I can remember but All I can sure is that... he likes stockings. He loves them. But, he is fine with socks or just their legs.

'''Nowaki''': oaky.

''Nowaki nods in agreement.''

'''Yuugumo''': now that you fit in 2 of his very weird fetishes, I guess all you need to do next is that you just create an opportunity to make him make a move. not you making a move since Kazagumo and I got denied at some point of time.

'''Nowaki''': I see. So I need him to make him fall for me in the passive way. okay.

'''Yuugumo''': That's it. That’s the basic way of winning him.

'''Nowaki''': By the way, why do I feel that you are not new to this base?

'''Yuugumo''': well, I used to be here but thats a different story.

'''Nowaki''': Mind If I know the details?

'''Yuugumo''': Well, we can wait until the recording has ended. So please hang tight.

'''Nowaki''': Okay.

''The two became friends in that instant. Just like how Maikaze became friends with Kazagumo.''



==[Second part]==

'''Aoba''': Anyways, the commercial is over! And now, we bring you to the best part of this interview.

'''Hiro''': Yaaayyy

'''Aoba''': C’mon now, don't be too shy. Anyways, it's our Q & A section so can you be at least happy?

'''Hiro''': Aoba, answering those questions cuts my life by half.

'''Aoba''': well, whether you like it or not, let's start this Q & A portion.



===- Q and A Portion -===




*'''''Q1: If the Admiral is given enough money to buy many rings, will he buy many rings to give us all rings? (Enforcer)'''''

::
A: Well, I might not give all of you rings because not all of you want to be married to me, which is good for me. But if I got that money, I might share my love to those who loves me. That's it (Hiro)

A: I will not allow Master to buy rings. (Sazanami)

A: It's fine for as long as Sazanami-chan allows them (Samidare) [Aoba's comment: Since Sazanami says no, it means that no one will get a second ring?]

A: Ring? It's fine if I don't get one from him for as long as he dance with me till eternity. Oh, a ring will be necessary to secure that. (Maikaze)

A: The Admiral is giving rings to everyone? I wish he would just give it to me instead. (Kazagumo)




*'''''Q2: What is better? Being stuck in a room with Sazanami or being stuck in a room with Samidare? (Suzukaze)'''''

::
A: Can I have the option where I am stuck in a room with these two? [Aoba: So you admit that you will have a harem?]

A: I wish Master chose being stuck with me. Oh well. (Sazanami)

A: I wish the Admiral has chosen being stuck with Sazanami-chan, but I am thankful that he also chooses me. (Samidare)

A: Why not being stuck in a room with me? (Maikaze)

A: No comment. (Kazagumo) [Aoba's comment: Why?]





*'''''Q3: It seems that the one I love loves someone else, how can I get her to look at me too? (Flower bud)'''''

::
A: Hmm... That is indeed difficult, (who is Flower bud anyways?) I better keep quiet on this matter. (Hiro)

A: If that person you are referring to is the Admiral loving me, well buzz off. But if it's someone else who loves the Admiral, then wait for her till she gets rejected by him. Be at her side when that happens. (Sazanami)

A: Well... good luck on that. Honestly, if it's someone who loves the Admiral... I guess you can be a shoulder she can cry on. By the way, what do you mean 'look at me too'?

A: Oh, That is somewhat similar to my case. Anyways, please evaluate a bit to see if you really love that person. Or you are just blinded by your wrong feelings. (Maikaze) [Aoba's comment: Can you please tell me what happened to you?]

A: Wait, was Flower bud loves another girl or the mechanic named Kurogane? (Kazagumo)




*'''''Q4: Lately, Coffee-chan complains that she is worked to the bone? Was there a reason why? (Italia)'''''

::
A: Nope, No reason at all. But, I want her to be strong for her sake. Because she is a girl and girls needed to be strong if they don't want to be protected. Oh, but I will protect everyone so please be at ease. (Hiro)

A: Well... Coffee-chan is just making herself more useful. That's it. (Sazanami) [Aoba's comment: By the way, why no one answered back.]





*'''''Q5: The Admiral seems to be quiet nowadays. What happened? (Uzuki)'''''

::
A: I'll be returning home and I will be out for a day. (Hiro)

A: Eh!? Master will be out? (Sazanami)

A: The Admiral is out for one day? (Samidare)

A: No... I can't dance with him that night. (Maikaze)

A: Wait? Why does he need to go home? (Kazagumo)





*'''''Q6: I am worried, if I can perform well in our next operation, Any advices? (Hoshi)'''''

::
A: Wait, why does the other base sends a letter to me too and Aoba is reading this? Anyways calm down. You have your best team with you. Please trust in them so that you can make it through. (Hiro)

A: Inazama-sama has put her faith in you. Please believe in them. (Sazanami)

A: If you have enough resources and great people you can rely on. Then you are ready. But, Admiral Hoshi needs to you to be ready. That's it. (Samidare)

A: Who is Hoshi? Who is he? (Maikaze)

A: Admiral has friends? I am shocked (Kazagumo) [Aoba's comment: What do you mean, Kazagumo-san?]





*'''''Q7: How can I cook better meals? (Kazagumo)'''''

::
A: Well, just find your art. Also, please pay attention to your food when you are cooking. It tends to get charred when you cook it for too long. Also, if you think you need some guidance, Please come to me and I'll teach you in my free time. (Hiro)

A: Just don't rush things. Cooking food takes time and you need to be patient too. No more. (Sazanami)

A: Put your heart in it. And never give up until you have your desired outcome. (Samidare)

A: I can't cook so I can't answer. Gosh, this is embarrassing. But since the Admiral will make meals for me, I guess this is also fine. (Maikaze)

A: I am embarrassed to hear this question. (Kazagumo)





*'''''Q8: Lately, The Admiral is accommodating destroyers, much to my jealousy; I want the Admiral to make time for me too. How can I get his attention? (Princess K)'''''

::
A: ... (Hiro) [Aoba's Comment: Why are you quiet?]

A: First of all. If you just need for attention, Please ask yourself if you are lovable. Then always bring a smile to your face so that the Admiral can notice you too. Also, If this sender is Kumano... Please, you always grab him and drag him all the time. I am pretty sure he is tired at all that he runs away from you. Anyways, Please be kind to him. He is human afterall. (Sazanami)

A: Well, Just be yourself and don't put walls around him. (Samidare)

A: Knowing your partner is the best way to know if he is looking at you. Ask him for a dance once in a while. But then, I think he will reject you because I am his lifetime dance partner. (Maikaze)

A: You know, how about try being sweet to him without being an aggressive person. I think the Admiral is tired dealing with aggressive girls since I always do force him. And now that I changed my approach, I think the admiral has a peace of mind and he also looks at me now. Kyaa... Please look at me more!!! Make me feel like a princess to. (Kazagumo) [Aoba's Comment: Eh!?]


*'''''Q9: Why does the Admiral Favor Hiei more than me? (Kongou)'''''

::
A: Sorry Kongou. I like Hiei more. Also, we are more comfortable when we are together. I really am sorry Kongou. (Hiro)




*'''''Q10: I am worried that the Admiral smiles less. How can I make him happy? (Uzuki and Yayoi)'''''

::
A: Sorry If I ever made all of you worry about that. I'll do my best to smile more often. (Hiro)

A: Master has it rough on the past few weeks. Also, He is tired of dealing trouble makers that lived inside this base. Also, he had it rough to check on the resources and to deal with the dorm spaces since everything was a mess back then. Master also is worried on the state of affairs inside and outside of this base. But, if you want to ease his burdens, then start it by trying to become someone who is not a trouble maker. Also, you can also serve him food too (But I warned you about spiked foods, I'll make sure they are not delivered.).

A: The Admiral is troubled. I can see that he always had troubles running inside of his mind. How I wish I can make all of his troubles fade away. (Samidare)

A: Hmm... Admiral always has his troubles since I can see it whenever we dance. the best way you can do is that be good girls and do not cause him more troubles. More than that, I am pretty sure that you two are helping him already. (Maikaze)

A: Was it my fault? Wait, this is even deeper of a trouble. Anyways, The Admiral will be okay if all trouble makers are gone, Right? (Kazagumo) [Aoba's comment: Are you planning for a purge, perchance?]



*'''''Q11: I realized that I am a weak willed girl. How can I boost my confidence? (Blue Glasses)'''''

::
A: Confidence? You just need someone who will affirm you. That's it. (Hiro)

A: Confidence doesn’t come easy. But, if you want confidence, you can start by being a bit shameless. I mean, start show your true colors because maybe you are just hiding your true self. (Sazanami)

A: Just be yourself. (Samidare)

A: Do not lie or put up a lie. Lying decreases your confidence. And it hinders the communication between dance partners. In case you are just scared, just find a partner who will guide you. (Maikaze)

A: Confidence. You just need to know your strengths and use your strengths as foundation to become a better you. And while you build up your confidence, try dealing with your weaknesses too since one can only be complete by improving oneself. (Kazagumo)





*'''''Q12: Nowaki seems to be strange nowadays. Was there a reason? (Hagikaze)'''''

::
A: I am not saying. (Hiro)

A: I don't know. (Sazanami)

A: I do not know if there is a reason. (Samidare)

A: She might be in love with the Admiral? (Maikaze)

A: Nowaki says that she is in love with the Admiral. According to the last chat logs, it seems that it Nowaki wants to make a move on the Admiral too. (Kazagumo)



*'''''Q13: Lately, there was too much tension between Zuikaku and Katsuragi. What can I do to help them? (Silver)'''''

::
A: Stay away from their battles. (Hiro)

A: I recommend letting them fight for their love. (Sazanami)

A: I would say that there is no need for you to intervene. It will all be resolved in no time. (Samidare)

A: Hmm... I have no interest in this matter. But if it's about love, then you do not need to worry. Just when the fight is over, be there for the two of them. (Maikaze)

A: I believe that you can't do anything at all. If you intervene; Things might get ugly since Kuro-san likes you and the two are eyeing on him. So there will be an impending battle ahead. (Kazagumo)



*'''''Q14: After getting my second remodel, I was always being sent on expeditions. Is there a reason for that?'''''

::
A: Yes, to collect more resources! (Hiro)

A: Same with Master. (Sazanami)

A: Same with the Admiral. (Samidare)

A: hmm... I guess it's the Daihatsu Landing Craft. (Maikaze)

A: You are noisy, so he decided to send you away whenever it's possible. (Kazagumo) [Aoba's comment: So harsh.]





*'''''Q15: Admiral, I want you to know that I love you, but I know that you won't answer me back now... Admiral, can you give me a bit of your words to cheer me up, I am kinda in a slump nowadays. (Kino)'''''

A: Kinugasa, I know you work hard to make ends meet and I really appreciate it. Kinugasa, I know I might not answer your inquiry this time around, But let me tell you that I truly cared for you too. Please stay safe and stay beautiful as always. (Hiro)





*'''''Q16: Admiral, I know I am a pain to deal with from time to time, But I want to ask you if there is a thing that I can be a help to you? (Kisaragi)'''''


:
A: Well, You are a trouble to me whenever I meet you. Asides, I know that you just wanted to get noticed. I already did that, and now; I am glad that I helped you reached that goal. Kisaragi, Just help Sendai in the expeditions and you are good. (Hiro)





*'''''Q17: Admiral, Even though we both know that I am your eternal dance Partner, have you considered the possibility of changing your dance partner? (Dancing Queen)'''''

:
:
A: There's none for now; afterall, you are my best dance partner. So I might stick with you until we can't dance anymore. Mai, thanks for letting out a cheerful smile each time we dance. It eases my weary mind, I am thankful for that. (Hiro)



*'''''Q18: Admiral, thanks for letting me live my life here in this naval base. Even though I was abandoned by my friends and I lost my closest partners... You still accepted me as who I am and I am grateful for that. Admiral, how can I be of more help with you? (Kasumi)'''''


:
A: Look forward to my next surprise. It will be a shock for you... even though you hate surprises, But I am sure you will like it. Just listen to my command from here on. I will make you more powerful. Also, there's no way I can't say no to this lady who keeps her feelings to herself. (Hiro)





*'''''Q19: Admiral, congrats on choosing Sazanami-chan. I know that she is truly happy this time around since you are with her. Admiral, can you please cheer this selfless me who always supports others rather than helping herself? I am sad because you are not mine, but I am happy for the two of you. (Blue Angel)'''''

:
:
A: First and foremost, Thanks. Even though I have chose Sazanami above you, It doesn't mean that I love you less. Samidare, thanks for being our angel... I really appreciate it because you gave light to this dark heart of mine, so please cheer up. Even though I might not be at your side from time to time, I'll make sure you will never be down until the rest of our lives as we see the passing of this world. Samidare, I am glad that I met you and have loved you. I really treasure our days. I hope we can be closer by then. Also, stay sweet and beautiful. (Hiro)





*'''''Q20: It's been a while since I ask a question to you. But I want to ask this question once more since I am so insecure each time I see him with others. Oh well... Will you take this weak willed girl as your eternal partner who will make your life more or less miserable and happy? (Sazanami)'''''



A: Yes. I will accept you no matter how weak you are, No matter how mediocre might your second remodel become and No matter how crazy you might be. Sazanami, I love you and I want to spend my life with you, please be my light and my guide. Please make me a better person so that I can lead us all towards our victory. Sazanami, Stay carefree and beautiful. (Hiro)


===[end of interview proper]===


'''Aoba''': And that's a wrap.

'''Samidare''': Admiral... I am lost for words to speak as of the moment...

'''Sazanami''': Master... even though I shouldn't feel embarrassed...

'''Hiro''': Phew. Anyways, you two also send questions for me to answer. You can always ask me first you know. I am always here.

'''Sazanami''': But I want to let them hear that You love me and that is enough for me to make them stop attacking you.

'''Samidare''': Me too...

'''Hiro''': You two... Thanks, I appreciate your efforts.

''The admiral pats Samidare and Sazanami's head as the two tries to cuddle to him.''

'''Hiro''': Alright, Lets rest for a while and let Kasumi do the work for today.

'''Sazanami''': Alright.

'''Samidare''': I agree.

'''Aoba''': Anyways, before we end this broadcast, any last few words to say to all of our listeners?

'''Hiro''': Well are you two ready?

'''Samidare''': yes.

'''Sazanami''': Any time, master.

'''Hiro''': Well then...

'''All three''': One, two, and Three... Strive harder! Not only on our battles, but also for our love!

'''Aoba''': And this ends the interview. Thank you for coming to this small scale interview. I hope that we could answer some of your questions and I hope we could have cheered someone up from their depression. Here is your friendly gossip collector Aoba, Signing off for now.

- end of Broadcast
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]