==Prologue==

''Once upon a time...''<br />''there was a flightless crane...''<br />''And that crane has smeared herself with mud for her to protect her little sister.''<br />''And so, she learned how to become strong to protect those who are important to her.''

''She once leads a group of flightless cranes to protect her little sister from harm...''<br />''But, what she didn't know is that her little sister tries to learn how to fly.''<br />''Because she is still young, she still can't fly and so, her sister told her that she can fly once she has achieved freedom''<br />''But she didn't know what it meant.''<br />''And so, the two only stayed at each other until one day...''

''One day, their predator arrived and it challenged their daily lives.''<br />''Soon, one by one... the flightless cranes tried to protect their leader.''<br />''But one by one, they all fall into its merciless claws.''<br />''As soon as the enemy reaches towards the leader crane, her younger sister blocks it with her body.''<br />''She too has fell due to her critical injury.''

''The leader crane fights back but...''<br />''In the end, they all died because they were unable to fight back.''<br />''And so, in the end... the flightless cranes didn't survive or so you have thought.''

''The young one tried to stand up, with its wings bloodied... started to flap it harder and harder until she lifts off the ground.''<br />''She looks down on their remains and she fly higher and higher.''

''The year after, the young crane adopts a flightless crane and teaches her how to fly...''

__________________________________________________________________________________________

As I recalled that story the Admiral once told me, I recalled that he was just reusing my story and he make it as vague as possible so that his listeners won’t be able to know if that really happened or not. But even so, if fairy tales were based on real accounts of people who have experienced that magical moment, then; I guess it’s fair for the Admiral to borrow my story to make something as dramatic as that.

“Shoukaku? Is there a problem?”

The one talking to me is my fellow friend and someone who was not from CarDiv 1, though that fellow too is an armored carrier, she is as quite unlucky as I am. Anyways, Taihou is currently asking me while holding a can of beer as the frosty wind starts to blow while the Admiral is having a story telling with the new ones about the story of the flightless crane.

“Taihou-san, what do you think about that story?”<br />“That story is quite dark. I mean, it’s not something the Admiral shouldn’t be telling them, right?”<br />“True enough. He could have told them a story about a funny fellow or the fields of strawberries. But normally, when the Admiral is in the mood for something better, he gives that story instead.”<br />“Why?”<br />“Well, that story is a based on real accounts that happened before. Let’s just say, he asked someone’s to tell him a short story about the bitter part of her life. Something like that…”

Soon, I took the can of beer from Taihou and started opening it. As far as everyone knows; if you are a fleet carrier, it’s a norm to drink alcohol after the days’ worth of work. Even so… Well, one of those who were exempted is Taiyou since she is treated as everyone’s little sister.

“Taihou-san, want to know something about my story?”<br />“Hmm… normally, I tend to avoid these topics but, can I decline this one?”<br />“Well, I don’t take no as an answer.”<br />“I guess I have no choice then.”

As Taihou opens her can of beer, I immediately remembered everything that happened as if something inside of me gave a reason to tell Taihou everything. Well, asides from the Admiral; I guess telling Taihou-san won’t hurt much.

And so, I recall that one scene to where the Admiral stood in front of me reaching out his hand to me as Zuikaku stands behind him.

''“I am Admiral Raven… Would you want to join me in my eternal endeavor for your sister’s sake?”''

And for some reason; I had no reason to say no to him at that time.



==<br />Shoukaku’s recollection==

I was 12 when my parents died, they died due to a traffic accident and ever since then; my big sister takes care of me even though she is quite busy as a big boss of a small-time gang in our turf. My parents didn’t know about it; but they were aware of the activities the gang was involved too. Even so; My big sister never forgot to take care of me whenever she is around.

“Boss. Your little sister is such a beauty.”<br />“I know right. I kinda wished she would not get involved with other gang rivalry just in case.”<br />“But boss, where can she go then? It’s not like we can put her into the orphanage since you are still alive.”<br />“Yes… But even so…”

Soon, I heard motorcycles that resound the base. While I am still not very knowledgeable about such things. I understood from my Big Sister’s face that it’s trouble and I shouldn’t be around at those times.

“You.”<br />“Yes Boss.”<br />“Take my little sister away and get back once everything is okay?”<br />“Eh?”<br />“Don’t falter now! It’s better to leave now.”

I tried to reach my big sister’s hand but, she turned her back and she took her prized weapon.  And as she exits through the front door, All I can remember is that I was being carried away to a safer place by my sister’s right-hand man who is not well versed in fighting.

These events continued for a year until one day…

“I knew something was fishy. Now we know why.”<br />“Imouto-sama, please stand behind me. I’ll make a path for you.”

Looking at his figure, I knew that he stood no chance, that’s why he wanted me to escape but…

“I can’t leave you alone. It’s just terrible.”<br />“If you don’t reach there, my role as your protector will be for naught. Now, get ready…”

But before we knew it, my big sister arrived while carrying her sword in battle.

“I see… now I know why I felt some people are missing…”<br />“Tch, she caught on immediately; Anyways, this is our victory now.”

Soon, the rival gang leader pulled out a gun which was not a regular gun I usually see in the magazines.

“You see, it’s really hard to make this baby since we have to try and try until we made something that works. And now, this baby is my first creation.”

Immediately, Gunshots were heard and the man who was protecting me was hit by 2 bullets that passed through his shoulder.

“Guh. Recoilless?”<br />“I see, that right-hand guy is smart. I now understood why she favors him more than our client.”<br />“Client? Boss, our Associate has sold us out.”<br />“I KNOW!!! I ALREADY GAVE HIM MY JUDGEMENT!!!”

I can see from my Big Sister’s eyes that she is raring to kill everyone who was in front of her. This time around, there was no police responding since there was a big crime happening on the different area.

Immediately, my sister initiates the attack and the rival gang’s grunts step in front to confront my sister. As far as I can recall, we have a lot of members but it seems that everyone isn’t around at this point.

“Imouto-sama, please run. I have a bad feeling about this.”

But we were too late when gunshots were heard and immediately, my sister fell to the ground as she was shot along with some of the grunts of the opposite gang.

“AHAHAHAAH!!! SO EASY!!!”

Soon, my Protector pushed me aside and before I knew it he was shot too and he fell to the ground as he continues to bleed.

“No! Please don’t die…”<br />“Sorry. I think I will be dying today…”<br />“No. Please live…”

Soon, I saw my big sister stood up and she was burning in rage as she looks at the man. The rival gang leader pointed his gun and immediately he fires towards my sister, but…

Instead of my sister getting hit, I managed to block the bullets as I stood in between them.

“You… Why?”<br />“I love you Onee-chan. That’s why… I want to protect you…”

Before my consciousness fades, I saw my sister burning with rage as she attacks the rival gang’s leader and she killed her in one swinging which made his head roll to the floor. Immediately after that, I lose consciousness as I lose blood in my body.


A few hours after, I heard sirens from every direction and I woke up and saw everyone around me dead including my Big sister who sustained a lot of gunshot wounds from all over her body. And I on the other hand, has been not killed by the bullets that hit me.

“Impossible…”<br />Soon, a police officer came to me and told me everything he saw. He asked me to tell him everything that happened. After that, I was put into the hospital and they watch over my condition as I recuperate. I didn’t have much visitor asides from my aunt, the police and a mysterious woman who was carrying a notebook.

“Are you the victim from that Gang war?”<br />“I am the survivor.”<br />“I see… Anyways, do you remember what happened while you are out?”<br />“Why do you ask?”<br />“I happen to be very well versed on those things. By the way, my name is Hana Raven.”<br />“Ginko, my name is Ginko.”<br />“I see… Well then, tell me what you saw in your dream. I don’t mind if you can’t make a complete picture of it.”<br />“Well…”

Even though I had no obligation of telling her what happened, why was it that I am compelled to tell her everything that happened on that dream?

Immediately, I started sharing that story to a woman named Hana Raven.





==A small deal==

I found myself standing in an empty place to where everything around me is nothing more but white.<br />Soon, I saw a mirror appearing in front of me. It had an image that doesn’t reflect me at all.

“Greetings. I am Shoukaku. I just saw you and I decided to take your body.”<br />“Wait. Why?”<br />“Because, if I didn’t do that… You’ll die.”<br />“Ah… I see, I am dying.”<br />“Yes. But, your heart is pure. And I want to make sure my container is still alive so I’ll make a deal with you immediately.”<br />“Why me? Why can’t you make Onee-chan survive?”<br />“She… I don’t know. But she doesn’t fit to my criteria.”<br />“I see…”

Soon, the white scenery turned into a hall of my memories.

“Onee-chan has been with me after my parents died on an accident. It was nobody’s fault but because of that, I don’t have my parents anymore.”<br />“I understand. But… You were loved, right?”<br />“Indeed. Especially by Onee-chan who never failed to protect me from everything.”<br />“Yes. That’s indeed a very good sister you have. But… I am here to make a deal with you.”<br />“I see…”

Soon, the spirit named Shoukaku pointed on a certain direction and she show me an image of a girl.

“This young girl will be a future vessel for my little sister named Zuikaku. I want you to take care of her.”<br />“Why?”<br />“Just like what your big sister has done to you. You’ll walk on her path and much as well understand how much hardships she must undergo to make ends meet. You are still going to school, right?”<br />“Yes.”<br />“I see… Well then, I also advice that you contact a young man named Hiro Raven.”<br />“Raven? Aren’t they dangerous?”<br />“Hmm… If you think so, then you can skip that part. But, you’ll be contacting him once the 3rd abyssal war has started.”<br />“What!?”<br />“I don’t know the details but… I need you to meet up with Zuikaku… or rather, her name as of now would be Kotori.”<br />“Why?”<br />“Likewise, if you fail to accomplish this… the world will end as you know it.”

Immediately, a vision was given to me as the world starts to undergo a cycle of despair as monsters walk on land which at first came from the sea.

“I want you to make it work… that’s why…”

Soon, the world around me starts to crumble.

“I guess I said too much. Anyways, your aunt who visits you every day will adopt you… so, have a nice life ahead.”

And soon Shoukaku merges with me and I became someone different.

<p style="text-align: center;">'''|---|'''</p>



“I see… the spirit mentioned Hiro to you.”<br />“Wait a minute, your surname is Raven, right?”<br />“Yes. In fact, Hiro is my son and it was the first time I heard such a story from someone who made a deal with the spirit of a shipgirl so… I am surprised with these things too.”

As the woman named Hana said those words, she pulled out a single piece of paper with her number in it.<br />“When the 3rd war begins, call my number and I’ll give you a safe place along with Zuikaku.”<br />“Why?”<br />“If what you said is true, then my son will be caught in something large.”<br />And immediately, she heads out and soon I never heard anything from her ever again.

Just like what the spirit has told me, I was adopted by my aunt and immediately, I met Kotori who is younger than me by a year.

Immediately, I can feel the wind of changes starts to blow for us.





==Intermission:==

As I finished drinking the can of beer that Taihou gave to me, I noticed that the admiral is no longer in sight.

“Hmm? The Admiral is…”<br />“Here.”

I was surprised as the Admiral sat beside us as he carries extra cans of beer for the two of us.

“I believe you need more if you want to tell Taihou your story.”<br />“Yes. Thanks.”

Immediately, Taiyou sat beside the Admiral as she takes a can of beer too.

“Hey. Aren’t you young for that?”<br />“I am not a kid anymore Commander… Let me drink too.”<br />“Fine. But don’t get too drunk or I’ll be abandoning you.”<br />“Okay.”

And so, Taiyou opens her can and with that, Taihou and I opened another can as I looked at the Admiral drinking a can of Grape juice.

“Funny how the only man here drinks juice.”<br />“I don’t drink alcohol at all…”<br />“Well, we are all aware of that. But…”

I noticed Taiyou already feeling the effects of the beer running into her. But then; since the alcohol content isn’t that high; her tolerance wasn’t too high.

“See, you can’t even take it at all…”<br />“Hic. I can still do it…”

But Taiyou rests her head on the Admiral’s lap as she finally knocks herself cold as the alcohol knocked her out.

“Admiral, will you be fine with that?”<br />“Yes. I want to pamper this cute girl in my lap all along.”<br />“…”

For some reason, we were both mad at his statement, but since he tends to be a brotherly figure to many younger girls, seeing him being like that is something we really don’t like seeing at all… because, it looked like he was a lover to them.

“You know admiral. You always looked like you are ready to eat her up…”<br />“Well, I kinda plan on doing that… But yeah… Hey, why with those dagger looks?”<br />“Nothing.”

As Taihou silently nodded, he understood that we misunderstood it. But yeah; I don’t care at all…

“But to think of it. Admiral, who was your favorite carrier?”<br />“Well, it’s Hiryuu. She really is an energetic girl.”<br />“I see… By the way, how about Graf-san?”<br />“Graf is quite busy nowadays… I heard she and Aquila are quite good friends. Of course, I also heard that Ark Royale is doing fine too.”<br />“Well, I think the Admiral is fine with the foreign carriers. I heard that Sara-san is quite charmed by you.”<br />“Well… Let’s leave that topic asides… it’s a complicated matter.”<br />“Oh ho…”

Taihou and I soon were interested in that predicament the Admiral is in with Saratoga. He rarely speaks with the carriers which is why it’s surprising to hear the admiral said something different occasionally.

Soon, Saratoga came to our meeting place and she was surprised to see the Admiral around.

“Admiral, rare to see you here…”<br />“Well… Shoukaku is telling a story. I came here to give her some replenishments.”<br />“Beer?”<br />“Yes. I believe you know the carrier’s night ends with a can of beer.”<br />“Indeed. Any why is Taiyou-chan sleeping on your lap?”<br />“Well, she drinks one can and she fell asleep after that.”

Soon, Saratoga’s face gets too close to the Admiral’s face. It really felt uncomfortable for the Admiral to be near Saratoga.

“You don’t smell beer at all…”<br />“I don’t drink remember?”<br />“Cheapskate. But It’s fine. Say, is your shoulder available?”<br />“Can I say no?”

Soon, Saratoga rests her head on the admiral’s shoulder as she leans her body close to him. I wonder what Sazanami-san’s reaction will look like if she comes around.

“Saratoga-san, why are you… a bit closer to the Admiral?”<br />“well… I think it’s not as important as your story, right?”<br />Soon, I remembered that I was in the middle of my story. I guess we procrastinated enough that we already got rid 4 cans in an instant.

As I reminded Saratoga about her story, I started to recall my past once more as I take another can of beer with me.





==<br />Ginko==

After being introduced to Kotori, I was immediately welcomed by her and before I knew it… I grew closer to her as if she was my little sister. But then, my past didn’t leave me behind as some people came to me saying that I should lead them as they have learned that I have survived.

“But… I can’t do it… I am not as strong as my Big sister?”<br />“We’ll handle the fighting. Just don’t go away. Please, Ane-san.”<br />“Well… Let me think about this.”

And after a month, I gave them a reply and we started once more and this time, I was a leader and I decided not to let Kotori know about this.


After we started Highschool, I met with the guy the spirit told me, but… He was being guarded by a girl whose amount of power rivals his in terms of scale.

But even so, every time there was a confrontation; I decided to let them go. I had a feeling that Hiro Raven is someone who can do something unthinkable for as long as it was in the notion of protecting the young Ojou-sama.

“But boss, why mustn’t we fight the Raven?”<br />“He’s strong. He doesn’t show it… but he has no openings at all and he is ready to protect that young lady’s life.”<br />“I see… I have been blinded by the mere fact that they are just easy targets.”<br />“Looks can be deceiving. That’s why, if you think you can’t win; train until you think you reach his levels. And I too will train so that I can properly lead all of you.”

And for the next few years, we trained hard and we have gotten stronger that no one wants to fight us. But even so; our gang isn’t a group of hooligans. We also do community service every now and then as we make ourselves useful to the community.

And a few years after, Hiro Raven has gone to enlist to the military and we were totally free of strong opposition around town until that one certain day.

As if it was a repetition of the past, our gang was being targeted already by some outsiders that can’t move until the strongest character moves out.

And before we knew it; it was a very messy fight were both sides have deaths and immediately; just like imitating a scene from the past, I saw Kotori being held as hostage by the rival gang’s leader.

“Kotori?”<br />“Onee-chan! Help me!!!”

As if I was blinded by Kotori’s voice, I headed immediately and I was greeted by the grunts as they bought their boss time to reload.

Soon, as if it was a twist of fate. Kotori broke loose and stood in between and after that, as if fate was mocking at me Kotori gets hit and she fell to the ground as blood oozes out from her body.

“No…”

Before the opposite side can speak, I picked up my sword and I immediately cut his head so that he won’t be living anymore. And after that, All I can do is scream as if I was a madman out of control. After that, I passed out as blood continued to flow outside of me.


Immediately, I was in the same room and this time Kotori is beside me. Soon, I saw two people standing in front of us.

“Thank you for reaching it this far… That’s why; We’ll comply to our end of the deal. Instead of taking over… you are free to continue living as we reside inside of you. But at this point, you two transcends the realm of humanity.”

“I see…”

Kotori and I looked at one another. Kotori smiled at me as if she knew everything already. I guess it was futile to keep it a secret from her.

“Onee-chan, thank you for saving me.”<br />“I see… that’s what onee-chan has felt after I thank her…”<br />“Onee-chan?”<br />“Yes. Before I became your big sister, I had a big sister before; want to visit her grave with me?”<br />“Yes…”

And as we held each other’s hand, I felt that our transformation has finally reached its completion.





==<br />Hope==

As we both woke up, I was immediately thrown to the jail for committing a crime while Kotori was still being held at the hospital to undergo some tests. But in the end, looks like we won’t be able to visit Onee-chan’s grave at all. And with that, 3 years immediately passed by like the day and night came faster.

One day, I had a visitor and this time around, I heard that they were two people and when I looked outside. I saw the face of the guy whom the spirits called the beacon of hope for mankind’s future.

“Shoukaku.”<br />“?”<br />“I believed your name now is Shoukaku, right?”<br />“Yes…”

Soon, Kotori shows herself as she looks at me.

“Onee-chan, this man told me he’ll take you out of prison.”<br />“I see…”<br />“I am Admiral Raven… Would you want to join me in my eternal endeavor for your sister’s sake?”

As he reached out his hands to me, I had no other choice but to accept it. Afterall, I have already paid my price for saving Kotori.

After he has processed all the papers I need for my transfer, I was given a condition by the court to never left the Admiral’s base unless escorted by others and thus; that’s why the Admiral proposed a buddy-buddy system when it comes to going out to the city. It’s for the sake of protecting one another and at the same of holding back others in case someone aggravates them. But he said that it’s truly dangerous outside and kids like them are always vulnerable so it’s still a fair trade to have someone escort someone.

“Shoukaku, from this point; I’ll make sure that things will be alright in the end. However, you will decide what kind of life you will live once the war is over.”<br />“I understand.”<br />“Shoukaku, what kind of future do you want for Zuikaku?”<br />“A future to where innocent girls like her can be happy.”<br />“Do you regret doing that?”<br />“No. I am prepared to be rejected by her afterall.”<br />“Is that so? Well then; I hope you find happiness too.”

And so, with those words, I believed in him and I walked my way out of the cold prison that should be my resting place.





==Shoukaku==

After telling the last part of my history, Taihou cried and Saratoga was surprised to hear my past. The Admiral continued to caress Taiyou’s head as her head still rests on his lap.

“And so, that’s my story of my life before I started here.”

Immediately, I took the last can of beer which was lying in the center of the drink its contents. Soon, I felt slightly dizzy and I staggered a bit and fell towards a person standing behind me.

“So, this is where the rest of you are. Hiro, sorry to say, I have to borrow these girls for some inventory check.”<br />“I don’t mind. Anyways, can you skip that today and do that tomorrow. Also, Taiyou isn’t on your service list, right?”<br />“True enough, But the rest need to go through me before going to bed.”<br />“Eh!?”

The one who was talking to us right now is the mechanic and head of Research and Development named Kurogane Shiroishi. He is one of the people hired by the Admiral to help us maintain our planes. Slowly, they have become an integral part of the naval base since the rest of the fleet trusted them too.

“Kuro, I must say; Back then; you can’t even put a leash on them… But now, everyone is obedient to you.”<br />“Shut it. After you leak those photos of mine, they have no way but to pity me.”<br />“Sure. But even after that pity, they all learned how nice you really are.”<br />“…”<br />“And so, Taihou, Saratoga, you can go back ahead. Let me and Kuro speak for a while.”<br />“What about Shokaku-san?”<br />“Kuro will carry her back. If you don’t mind.”<br />“I see…”

I can see from The Admiral and Taihou’s conversation that they were plotting something, Saratoga got somewhere along the way and stood up as she bids the Admiral farewell. Taiyou still didn’t woke up. I guess the Admiral will carry her back to her room today.

“Kuro. It’s nice that things are progressing as expected.”<br />“Yeah. It’s been a while since I had a breather. Being a mechanic for these girls are nothing but hardship.”<br />“But you don’t hate it, right?”<br />“True enough.”

As the Admiral continued to talk with Kuro-san, I noticed Zuikaku and Katsuragi from the distance. I guess they were a bit worried or some sort.

“But Hiro, I have no idea what are you plotting. Is this a training?”<br />“You can say something like that.”<br />“It really felt too… dangerous.”<br />“Of course, there were no such things as safe interpersonal relationships.”<br />“Right. In your base, interpersonal relationship means dancing with monsters.”<br />As Kuro said those words, he took out his cigarette and tries to smoke one. The Admiral stopped him from doing so because he is concerned about Taiyou-chan’s sleep.

“Right. That kid. She likes you…”<br />“Indeed. I can’t really take her with me.”<br />“Why?”<br />“She is quite too innocent and if I bring her to my side; she might lose that innocence in her.”<br />“I see… But, what if she decided to abandon that innocence?”<br />“Our views might clash on that matter. But I’ll listen to her. And we’ll have to decide it by a weird method.”<br />“weird methods… like using skills on a ping pong match.”<br />“right.”

And so, after a few more words Kuro-san says his farewell and he reaches his hand to me.

“Can you stand?”<br />“nope. I can’t…”<br />“Fine.”

Soon, Kuro-san carried me and he take me towards to where Zuikaku and Katsuragi are. I guess they were somehow respecting the Admiral by not getting too close to them when speaking or something. Honestly, I have no idea how the two even manage to stay like this even though... Nah, I guess I’m just drunk today and nothing more will complicate the scene.

After that, Katsuragi headed out to her room and Zuikaku continued to follow us since Zuikaku and I share rooms, so; it’s her responsibility to make sure I am also inside when it’s time to sleep.

And thus, in the never ending halls of the Carrier dorm, All that was left were sounds of our footsteps as we continue to walk and walk until our sound can’t be heard anymore.





==Epilogue A:==

I am Shoukaku and I am a sinner. But even so…

“Onee-chan, good morning.”<br />“Morning Zuikaku…”<br />“Anyways, it’s time for sortie.”<br />“Right.”

As I get out of my bed, I took off my sleeping clothes and wore my uniform for the said sortie, nowadays; we rarely head out for battle because we were already at the maximum limit and our consumption is quite expensive, but even so; we still train for a bit so that our skills won’t rust.

“Onee-chan, I heard that the next operation will be harder.”<br />“Yeah. That’s why…”

As I look ahead, I saw the Admiral talking to his secretary as he confirms the details of the meeting. Right now, we are at the assembly and despite the cool December wind blowing through our bodies, right now; this announcement might be something important for us all.

“Anyways, while it’s still early for me to say this but… Everyone; This coming February, Expect a lot of hardships along the way. We have determined the next operation is going to be one of the hardest one we will have up to date.”

And so, with those words, the Admiral looked at us and immediately and he said the following words to us…

“Who wants to revisit Cape Engaño?”

And that signaled us that the operations will be rough this time around.

==<br />Hidden Theater:==

Kurogane-san is kind and I know that. He takes care of my sister very well and he never neglect his duties as our mechanic. However…

“Shoukaku, what kind of life will you be living after the war?”

As I recall those words from the Admiral, everything was a mess…

If Zuikaku’s feeling are accepted; then Zuikaku will have to leave me in the end and I will have no one to take care of. Even though Zuikaku’s happiness is also my happiness… I don’t know what will I do after that.

“You know Fusou is accepting suitors, right? I can introduce some of them to you.”<br />“I am thankful for your concern Admiral, but I’ll be fine on my own.”<br />“What a big fat lie indeed. But if that’s what you want, then it’s okay.”<br />“Why?”<br />“Simple. You are simply torn if you want to love too… but I guess this is a bit too much for you. Afterall, you don’t want to hurt Zuikaku’s feelings too.”

As he said those words, I recall the many instances where Kurogane-san tried to tell his feelings to me, but all of them were being rejected since I don’t deserve to be happy at all.

“Shoukaku, happiness isn’t something that is dictated to you. You must earn it. It’s your right to be happy and it’s your responsibility to make sure that happiness comes at your doorsteps. No one is not deserving to be happy.”

But for someone as broken like me. I am a mess that nobody can fix.

“But even so, if you think that your salvation doesn’t came from someone else; at the very least… Shoukaku, learn how to smile. Your seriousness doesn’t fit for a girl of your age. If you have worries like Kino, maybe you can make a face like that... but you are not the only one who is saving the world, right?”

Soon, I realized that it was futile for me to make any kind of argument since he will just answer it on any way he pleases. In short, he’s ready to reject any kind of answer for as long as he knows that I’ll be glad in the end.

“Admiral, why is it that you are not around at those times?”<br />“We simply share nothing at all… And your people don’t like me.”<br />“Even so… if you were there…”<br />“It doesn’t make any different. In fact, that would be a lot dangerous. They might attack you in your sleep. Instead of direct confrontation; they might hire some professional assassins to deal with you and your whole gang.”

Soon, as he said those words, I remember the time that all gangs were at truce since the Raven is someone they can’t deal with. That’s why one time; when 3 big groups of delinquents tried to teach him a lesson, he simply dealt with them while protecting Kino on his back.

And in that reason alone; everyone else have understood that no one can defeat the Raven and so… our gang has decided to never trouble him… especially when he is escorting Kino-san back home.

“Anyways, think of this as a treat from me…”

The Admiral threw a key towards me.

“That key is something you will need to use on a certain time when everything is already in place. Of course, I’ll tell you where that key belongs too in due time.”

And so, the Admiral left and soon; Zuikaku enters as she asks me what is that key all about.

“It’s a key to our future endeavors…”



<br />'''End.'''
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Derivat]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]