==The rage in levels...==

'''Hiro''': Hmm...

'''Sazanami''': Master, you have this deep look on your face.

'''Hiro''': there is a problem... I have 8 people which their levels are at their 90s.

'''Sazanami''': I see... so, why are you having the trouble... Oh!!!

'''Hiro''': See...

'''Sazanami''': So, I can see why Master tries so hard to avoid them...

'''Hiro''': well... Kongou is negotiable. Kirishima respects Kongou... so she will not move. Kaga has something for Akagi, Akagi just loves food. Musashi seems to be fine not getting the ring (thank goodness!), but... Hiryuu, Goya and Imuya are the ones demanding the ring from me.

'''Sazanami''': ...

'''Hiro''': Also, I got tons of people in the line before will be hitting their 90s if this happens.

'''Sazanami''': You know. There is one way to make this better.

'''Hiro''': Really?

'''Sazanami''': Send me to the training grounds. I'll reach your Ideal level.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Sazanami''': Don't worry about me though. I am fine and asides... I don't want to lose to the subs that just do OREL.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Sazanami''': Asides, I am not fine that Ushio and Samidare and others are above me... I can't accept it!!!

'''Hiro''': Yeah... that's the girl I know...


'''''
The admiral pats Sazanami's head and he then embraced her out of nowhere.'''''

'''Sazanami''': Master?

'''Hiro''': Sazanami... Please be with me for a while...

'''Sazanami''': Okay...
'''''
The two stayed like that until they decided to return to work.'''''



''Meanwhile...''
''In the Library, the newly established [level 90s and above only] group was formed.''

'''Musashi''': So, why am I involved in this group too?

'''Kongou''': Man, you sure are truly strange. You are truly great and yet you are self proficient. Also, you rarely approach the Admiral, why?

'''Musashi''': Because I respected his decision and also I don't want to ruin the girl's chances of winning.

'''Kongou''': So... You admit that you like him?

'''Musashi''': Of course I like him... because he is the admiral, but I can only see him as a great pal.

'''Kongou''': Okay... (I'll probe her next time.)

'''Goya''': Kongou-san, why did you call us?

'''Kongou''': Because it’s imminent that there will be more people who will reach this stage. We need to make sure that only those who are truly deserving who can become the Admiral's love.

'''Goya''': I see...

'''Imuya''': But isn't that great that we are a step closer towards that goal?

'''Kongou''': Of course WE are!!!

'''Kirishima''': Kongou-oneesama, please hush down your voice... even though it's the meeting room, the room outside is a library and Hachi-san is on guard today. Also, we don't want Kazagumo-chan getting the gist of this group's existence. She is dangerous.

'''Kaga''': She is indeed...

'''Akagi''': (munching sweet potatoes) mmm...

'''Hiryuu''': Also, I can feel that she has a lot of things hiding inside of her.

'''Others''': Yeah... something we can agree on it.

'''Kazagumo''': But you know; it's really bad to talk about others when they are not here...

'''Kongou''': !!!

'''Kirishima''': How?

'''Kazagumo''': the admiral is calling for the subs. Goya-san, Imuya-san. Please get ready.


'''Goya''': Alright. Better go now...


''
The subs left the meeting room.''

'''Kazagumo''': Oh, please don't look at me like that. I still can't fight you anyways. I am weak and I am only new. Please treat me well.

''Kazagumo bowed and she left the meeting room.''

'''Akagi''': (finishes eating) I realized...

'''Kaga''': What is it Akagi-san?

'''Akagi''': She reminds me of Kumano-chan...

'''Kaga''': She does look like her.

'''Akagi''': No... Not that aspect. I can feel her will to pursue that guy. He Admiral sure loves picking strange girls.

'''Kongou''': You sure are not strange by yourself.


''
And the meeting progresses…''


==What was left undone...==

'''Hiro''': hmm... I think we all need to do something about this big trouble?

'''Sazanami''': Really? I think we are fine already.

'''Hiro''': Hmm... But the dust accumulated in the corners and the unused rooms piles up. I mean, we need to clean them up. I might need to lend a helping hand if I must.

'''Sazanami''': Master, How about our day-to-day operations?

'''Hiro''': Screw it... Kidding, we can just make it look like it's a yearly task for us to do.

'''Sazanami''': I see... By the way Master, Have you contacted with the Expansion team?

'''Hiro''': Sadly, they are unavailable till the Monday next year. So I guess we can wait until they are available.

'''Sazanami''': Okay Master. Anyways, how was the Christmas party we held a few days ago?

'''Hiro''': Well... It's good. But I guess that since we managed to pull it through and had a great time eating and exchanging gifts... well. It's great and all of us had wonderful memories to share.

'''Sazanami''': Alright Master, who gave you the watch? It's  not what you got on the exchange gifts right?

'''Hiro''': Yup. This came from Kumano as she gave me something for a whim.

'''Sazanami''': I see... By the way Master, It's kinda late... but please accept this.

'''Hiro''': Hmm...

''Sazanami handed the Admiral a bracelet that matches Sazanami's bracelet.''

'''Hiro''': For good luck?

'''Sazanami''': Yup... I mean you are not that lucky of a person... but you are lucky for choosing me. Heheh.

'''Hiro''': Oh well...

'''Sazanami''': So, shall we announce it to the Radio room?

'''Hiro''': please do. It's a great way to look for anything fishy.

'''Sazanami''': I will look in your room if you have hidden stash of porn.

'''Hiro''': Then try... you won't be seeing any since I never had them anyway.

'''Sazanami''': Master, do not underestimate me. I am pretty good at looking things that does not exist.

'''Hiro''': Game!

''The two had agreed on the bet.''



==The Little task.==

''Noshiro is outside the naval base buying something for her room since she doesn't have anything at her room at all.''

'''Noshiro''': Hmm... Agano-nee, what can you say about this mirror? Geh, why are you making poses on it?

'''Agano''': Well, I can't help it. I want to look stunningly beautiful for the Admiral. Afterall, I want to win his heart.

'''Noshiro''': Agano-nee, the Admiral has someone else and you better quit it It will not end well anyways.

'''Agano''': You are kinda stricter than the usual Noshiro. Also, you are wearing that hair accessory that you received from the Admiral. Heheh... could it be, that my cute little Noshiro has been accidentally smitten by him?

'''Noshiro''': Of course No!!! Asides, it looks good on me so I wear it with pride.

'''Agano''': You are no fun at all... Anyways, that mirror is good but, take this dresser... WE might need to store out stuffs and we can also look at the attached mirror which is not bad. We will just need the movers haul this thing.

'''Noshiro''': Alright.

'''Agano''': Also Noshiro, if you are planning in fighting for the preference slots... make yourself more wonderful.

'''Noshiro''': Agano-nee, what are you implying?

'''Agano''': I must say that you must become a woman too... charm him with your natural charm.

'''Noshiro''': Agano-nee..., not this talk again. I just see the admiral as a person I respect.

'''Agano''': Hmm...

'''Noshiro''': Also, you are more obvious in your ways like adding some charms to the foods you want to taste test him only to fail miserably.

'''Agano''': But I was sure it is effective... Hmm?

'''Noshiro''': Why was it?

'''Agano''': I remembered before sending it to the Admiral's way... Kazagumo-chan is the one who carries it.

'''Noshiro''': Could it be?

'''Agano''': it's still too early... but if that's the case, she is capitalizing it... she is some opponent we can't overlook.

'''Noshiro''': Agano-nee, you are just too jealous because she is recognized that early.

'''Agano''': whatever. I will discover her weakness.

''The two continued looking for something to decorate their room.''


==The keyboard warrior==

'''''Yamashiro has an odd hobby... she writes stories over the net.'''''

'''Yamashiro''': ...

''[And then, the Yuki and Ai exchanged their vows of love and they sealed it with a kiss...]''

'''Yamashiro''': ... And I am done!!!



''Yamashiro fell to her back after finishing her short story which was requested by an anonymous requestor.''

'''Fusou''': Good work Yamashiro. Anyways, how is the story lately?

'''Yamashiro''': I finished it a while ago.

'''Fusou''': I see...
''
Fusou gets the laptop and read the contents of the story.''

'''Fusou''': ...

'''Yamashiro''': Nee-sama?

'''Fusou''': By the way Yamashiro, Yuki and Ai are both girls right?

'''Yamashiro''': Yes nee-sama.

'''Fusou''': why did they kiss?

'''Yamashiro''': They loved each other.

''Fusou dropped Yamashiro's laptop and she immediately backs away from Yamashiro.''

'''Fusou''': So... Kissing is not limited to the person you want to spend your life with?

'''Yamashiro''': What are you saying Nee-sama. These two are just fictional characters... there's no way it will happen in real life.

'''Fusou''': I see...


''
Fusou relaxes and she immediately sat beside Yamashiro and she continued reading the story.''


''
Later that night Fusou Asked Mogami about the terms she read on Fusou's story and Mogami blushed to a full red hearing the story. Mikuma who was Mogami's roommate smirk after hearing the terms Fusou spoke and told her the truth.''



'''Yamashiro''': (I am tired, I better go and get some shut eyes).
''
Fusou enters the room and then...''

'''Yamashiro''': Nee-sama?

''Fusou embraces Yamashiro and then Fusou uttered her words.''

'''Fusou''': You must be lonely... and feeling stressed. Here, rest at my lap and get some good amount of sleep.

'''Yamashiro''': Nee-sama? Really?

''Yamashiro happily took advantage of Fusou's kindness...''


'''''
Meanwhile in Mogami's room.'''''

'''Mogami''': Mikuma, what did you told Fusou-san about 'that'?

'''Mikuma''': I just told her that her sister is tired and she started having hallucinations all over and it carried over to the story itself.

'''Mogami''': How cruel.

'''Mikuma''': It's better to tell her that than Fusou-san discover that Yamashiro looks to her not only as a sister, but also as a lover.

'''Mogami''': By the way, who was the mysterious sponsor of Yamashiro-san?

'''Mikuma''': That would be me.

'''Mogami''': ...

'''Mikuma''': I met Yama-sensei over the net and I loved her storied. So I commissioned her to write stories for me and I will make a great story to publish over the Comicket.

'''Mogami''': really now. That's why you can buy things like these...

''Mogami pulled out a compartment from the drawer and it containing photos of the admiral and some of the photos of Mogami were mixed on it.''

'''Mogami''': ...

'''Mikuma''': Mogamin?

'''Mogami''': Mikuma, I wonder if you also see me as a ...

'''Mikuma''': Wait!!! Those are ...

'''Mogami''': Never mind. I will go out for now...

'''Mikuma''': Mogamin...

''Mogami went out and Mikuma looked at the stack of photos in the drawer.''

'''Mikuma''': Silly you... Anyways, I hope I can clear this misunderstanding by my own power.

''Mikuma presses a button hidden underneath the pile of photos and it opened a big  door.''

'''Mikuma''': At least Mogamin didn't ruin my surprise for her. Oh well.
''
Mikuma returned the item to the hidden room and she closed it. Then, she went out and chased Mogami.''<br />



==Ze New Year==

'''Samidare''': Admiral, one hour to go and New Year is approaching.

'''Hiro''': I see...

'''Samidare''': By the way, why don't we have fireworks right now?

'''Hiro''': Well... this is a military installation. I think those things will stir trouble.

'''Samidare''': I wonder. But you seem to be excited... was there something in the day itself?

'''Hiro''': well... I better keep it as a secret. But once you all see it, you will be glad for no reason at all.

'''Samidare''': Then I'll be waiting for that surprise.

'''Hiro''': Good. By the way, where's Sazanami?

'''Samidare''': Oh, she went outside to do something...

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Samidare''': While she is away. She entrusted me that I will take care of you.

'''Hiro''': Well that's good. At least Kazagumo will not go near for a while.

'''Samidare''': That's true...

''Kazagumo enters the room.''



'''Kazagumo''': Admiral, did you call... oh... It's not Sazanami this time...

'''Samidare''': Hello.

''Samidare waves her hands and Kazagumo froze on her standing.''

'''Samidare''': Say, I have heard that you are assaulting the Admiral. Was that true.? And I heard that you are taking the advantage while Sazanami-san is away. Hmm...

'''Kazagumo''': well... (Sweats profusely), Admiral I am going back. Please enjoy your time with Samidare-san.

''Samidare suddenly appears in front of Kazagumo''

'''Samidare''': eehh... but where is the fun if you leave?

'''Kazagumo''': But I have things to do...

'''Samidare''': I can tell Hachi-san that you I am borrowing you. She will understand that.

'''Kazagumo''': Admiral... Save me!!!

'''Hiro''': Sorry... I can't help you right now.

'''Kazagumo''': Admiral...

''Kazagumo was then dragged by Samidare and then Samidare dragged her to her own office.''



'''Hiro''': Well then, since its quiet now. I better call the firework guys to start preparing. I need to wow them at 11:45.

'''''The Admiral press the call button.'''''


==Fireworks.==

'''Sazanami''': Good Ushio, why are we here anyways?

'''Ushio''': well... I... want to...

'''Sazanami''': Catch your breath, we only walked uphill for 15 minutes.

''Ushio takes a deep breath and she then changed her aura.''



'''Sazanami''': Are you ready?

'''Ushio''': Yes. Anyways, I want to say something to you Sazanami-chan.

'''Sazanami''': Alright... what is your announcement, I need to return to the Master's side.

'''Ushio''': Alright; Sazanami-chan, I will fight you afterall since it's bound to happen.

'''Sazanami''': Fight? Wait...

'''Ushio''': I will try and fight for your sake.

'''Sazanami''': !?

'''Ushio''': I can feel that you had many competitors as we speak and they are thinking of ways to get him to their sides.

'''Sazanami''': Don't worry about that. Even though that he is actually prone to those advances... or he even might be tempted to be swayed by any girl that who wished to be with him... in the end... what matters most for me is that he will return to my side and he will do those things that he did to others.

'''Ushio''': ...

'''Sazanami''': Asides, I have known master for a long, long time now.

'''Ushio''': I see...

'''Sazanami''': By the way Ushio, are you perhaps... still thinking that you can get the Master's heart?

'''Ushio''': Well... (fidgets)

'''Sazanami''': Listen. I might be like this, but I will not forgive you if you stole my man from me.

'''Ushio''': Okay. I knew you would block me anyways.

'''Sazanami''': Also... Hmm? Fireworks? I thought Master didn't...

'''Ushio''': So pretty. I liked this view...

'''Sazanami''': Oh well... looks like the year has changed. Ushio-chan, please take care of me this year too...

'''Ushio''': Me too... Please take care of me too.

''The two watched the fireworks together as the last day of the year comes to a close.''

==Year ends...==

'''''The Admiral who is alone in the rooftop has finished contacting the workers and he gave them a signal to light the fireworks. After that, he watched the lights went on and off.'''''

'''Hiro''': Hmm... Sazanami is busy talking to Ushio. Samidare is busy talking to Kazagumo and hmm... Kino is busy with the ledgers and Kumano... she is probably with Suzuya looking at these fireworks now. How quiet this passing of the year is. How I wish I have someone I could talk to.
''
Then a figure appeared on the shadows.''

'''Hiro''': I didn't expect you to be here? Where’s Nowaki?

'''Maikaze''': heheh... I ditched her for a bit in order for me to get here. Looks like Sazanami-san isn't here.

'''Hiro''': well, she is just busy talking to Ushio. She might return home a bit late than the usual.

'''Maikaze''': I see... Hey Admiral, Can I sit beside you?

'''Hiro''': You can. Take here take this seat.

''The Admiral removed his cup of Cocoa and Maikaze sat on the same spot.''



'''Hiro''': Maikaze, how is your year?

'''Maikaze''': well.. It's spectacular. I managed to be friends with lots of girls here inside the base and Somehow, Akagi-san and Kaga-san also accepted me and became their friend. Honestly, at first I thought they are just playing tricks on me but I realized that they are sincere to that.

'''Hiro''': I see... I remembered you are the one who scuttled Akagi in a war of a certain world.

'''Maikaze''': I guess... Well, they are glad to be friends with me once more.

'''Hiro''': By the way, how is your sprain?

'''Maikaze''': well... two more days and I am good to go.

'''Hiro''': I see...

'''Maikaze''': Hmm...

'''Hiro''': ...

''The two stared at one another with no words coming out of their systems.''


''
Then a few moments later. The clock struck 12 and the new day has arrived.''

'''Hiro''': Happy New Year Maikaze.

'''Maikaze''': Yeah. Happy New year too. Please Take care of me this year too.

'''Hiro''': Same for me.

''The two exchanged greetings and the two looked at one another. Maikaze, who was getting cold due to the weather grew redder and redder.''

'''Hiro''': Maikaze, Aren't you a bit feverish?

'''Maikaze''': well, truth to be told. I am feeling the cold.

'''Hiro''': I see... here wear this.

''The Admiral gave Maikaze his scarf and he wrapped it around of Maikaze's neck. The Admiral places his hand on Maikaze's forehead just in case she is not having a fever. Then after feeling Maikaze's forehead, Maikaze snatched the Admiral's hand and she held it tightly.''

'''Maikaze''': Admiral, can I borrow your hand?

'''Hiro''': You can borrow my hand. Why would you want to borrow my hand?

'''Maikaze''': Because it's warm and it's making me feel... nevermind.

'''Hiro''': If you say so.



''Maikaze held the Admiral's hand and then a few moments after, Maikaze slowly kisses the Admiral's hand.''

'''Hiro''': Maikaze, what are you doing with my hand?

'''Maikaze''': I really like this hand. It's a shame that I rarely held this hand outside of the dance floor. Ah, I wanted this hand so badly... Admiral...

'''Hiro''': (I got a weird feeling about this...)

''The Admiral tried to remove his hand but Maikaze's grip preventing it from breaking free.''
'''Hiro''': !

'''Maikaze''': Just don't fight it...

''As the Admiral tries to struggle, Maikaze immediately, place the Admiral's finger inside of her mouth to suck on it. Maikaze sucked and licked the Admiral's finger for a few minutes time and after that Maikaze collapsed with a high fever on her count.''

'''Hiro''': Maikaze!?

'''Maikaze''': Eheheheh... I pushed myself too hard this time. Nowacchi is right, I should have just stayed at bed and take some rest. Sorry about that Admiral. I am too lonely without you...

'''Hiro''': Speak no more. I know what you felt. I'll carry you back to your room.

'''Maikaze''': Please do.

''The Admiral wasted no time and he carried Maikaze towards her room to where Nowaki was waiting for her.''



'''Nowaki''': Admiral, where did you find her?

'''Hiro''': Actually, she came to me when I was resting at the rooftop.

'''Nowaki''': I see...



''The admiral laid Maikaze to her bed and he immediately covered her with her blanket... before the Admiral left, Maikaze called him once more.''

'''Maikaze''': Admiral...

'''Hiro''': what is it? Are you hurt? Are you feeling numb somewhere?

'''Maikaze''': nope... I am not feeling numb. Admiral, can you please come closer.

'''Hiro''': For what...

'''Maikaze''': Just come closer...

'''Hiro''': Well... I guess nothing bad will happen.

''The Admiral closes his proximity to Maikaze and then Maikaze suddenly rises up and stole a kiss to the admiral's lips. But, her lips didn't just touch the Admiral's lips. Instead, she also wrapped her arms around the admiral and she hangs on his lips as she tries to stave off her growing pains of her heart.''

''Nowaki who was also there witnessed how it all unfolds and she froze all of the sudden as she watch her friend kisses the Admiral.''

'''Nowaki''': ...


''
Maikaze lets go and smiled at the admiral. The admiral went out immediately without saying a word and he bid Nowaki good night.''



''The Admiral returned to his seat in the rooftop and he saw Sazanami who was patiently waiting for his arrival.''


==An Admiral's demise.==

''The Admiral arrived at his spot in the rooftop when he saw Sazanami waiting for him in that place.''

'''Sazanami''': Master, where did you go?

'''Hiro''': Oh, I brought the sickly Maikaze to her room.

'''Sazanami''': I see... Hmm... Why are you a bit pale Master?

'''Hiro''': ...

''The admiral thought it over and over if he will say it to her or not, in the End, he just said it to her without considering what the consequences of it are.''



'''Sazanami''': I see...

'''Hiro''': Sorry. (He then made a dogeza)

'''Sazanami''': Hmm... Master, I guess, I need to talk to Maikaze-san when she gets better. and for you...

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Sazanami''': I will not limit your visits... I can feel that things will get worse if I try to limit your appearance. Hmm, I really am worried that if this continues. You might lose your head.

'''Hiro''': Please don't say that.

'''Sazanami''': Master, you can stand now. I know that it's bound to happen in one way or the other. I know that you had that ability to tamper someone's red string of fate.

'''Hiro''': Sorry if I bring too much trouble.

'''Sazanami''': Asides from Kazagumo-san and Maikaze-san, there are no more troublesome people to watch. Good! Then let me do something for you to prevent you from making things worse. Ushio told me that this will persist if I don't do any at all.

'''Hiro''': Really?

'''Sazanami''': Though we are not yet going to be married at some point of time. and you would definitely prioritize others more than me... All I can do is to seal that ability of yours. With a kiss.

'''Hiro''': Sazanami, we kissed a lot of times and I don't think it'll work.

'''Sazanami''': well... you always lead in those kisses. I want to do it on my part too. Like what Kumano-san does, like what Samidare-chan does and what Kinugasa-san has done to you in the past. I want to lead at least once. I might found that is the cause.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Sazanami''': Why am I even saying this... Master, I am quite persistent you know. I might ask for more once I have done it.

'''Hiro''': I am ready for that.

'''Sazanami''': also...

''Sazanami fidgets as if she is signaling the Admiral to do something with her that night... Basically, she was asking him to make her a woman.''



'''Hiro''': Are you sure?

'''Sazanami''': Well... I am sure of that. Also, I will not get pregnant this instance because there are more battle up ahead and we will have to face it together.

'''Hiro''': Well then...

'''Sazanami''': Please take it from here... tonight I am your princess.

''The Admiral carried Sazanami and the two of them went to the one hidden room inside the base to which only the two knows where and they did their deep bonding over the whole course of night in first Midnight of the new year.''


==A random moment inside the office==

'''Kazagumo''': Hmmm... Finally, I am out of that prison. I never Expected Samidare-san to be this good. I only won one round of because of her good will. damn.

''Kazagumo walks to the office only to fine no one inside.''

'''Kazagumo''': He is not here? Hmm... Oh, I know!



''Kazagumo sat on the Admiral's chair and she look for every nook and cranny of the desk only to find nothing.''

'''Kazagumo''': Tch... I thought I can see something different here. Oh what a bummer.

''Kazagumo took the cup of chocolate that was left in the table and she started sipping the contents''

'''Kazagumo''': Hmm... Not bad. Was this Cocoa? I like it.

''Kazagumo emptied the cup and she placed the cup in the table. but, before she puts the cup in the table, Kazagumo saw a picture in the table.''



'''Kazagumo''': Hmm... The Admiral is a soldier, I see... that's why he has this different aura.

''Kazagumo did look at the photo and then she flipped it and she saw a text written in it.''



'''''[the 3rd mechanized squadron creed - no one gets behind... or forgotten.]'''''

'''Kazagumo''': Hmm... pretty much a team of hard hearted people. Hmm...
''
Kazagumo lay the photo down and she pulled out a file from the drawer and she saw a large folder in between the files.''


'''Kazagumo''': I wonder if I can take a look on this.

''Kazagumo looked left and right and she confirmed that there was no one in sight. She began opening the folder.''

'''''The folder was empty.'''''



'''Kazagumo''': ...

''She closed the folder and she went back to her room and slept.''
''


Meanwhile, after Kazagumo left, Samidare entered and saw that the files were in a disarray.''

'''Samidare''': Hmm... oh, the big folder which hasn't been used is moved.

''Samidare opened the folder and she put a photo of Sazanami and the Admiral's first date''

'''Samidare''': well, I forgot to develop the film so I am putting this inside. oh well. He'll be surprised tomorrow when he sees that.

''Samidare also left a photo of all them together, and she went back to her office.''


==New Year update==

''Sazanami woke up early and she went to the Admiral's office and she found Samidare arranging the notes and the files.''

'''Sazanami''': Morning. Good work today.

'''Samidare''': Good Morning too. Say, how's your alone time?

'''Sazanami''': ...

'''Samidare''': C'mon now. Don't be shy. You had a great time last night. Though I must say, I can't pinpoint to where you two are. But I know what you are doing that night. I actually stalled Kazagumo-san just for you.

'''Sazanami''': Alright. thanks for that. I had a lot of time to spend with the Master so I think its fine. say, were you awake all night?

'''Samidare''': Yes.

'''Sazanami''': Hmm... Did something happened last night?

'''Samidare''': Yes. I got tons of delivery earlier this morning and then they gave us a letter that we must do the new year's quest because they will give us great <br />rewards.

'''Sazanami''': I see... So HQ does not plan on letting us rest. Funny how they don't fight in the frontlines at all.

'''Samidare''': Well, they don't have a fleet to lead anyway. so I think its fine.

'''Sazanami''': Whatever... Oh... Good morning Master.



''The Admiral entered the Office.''

'''Hiro''': Good morning to the two of you. Samidare, did you sleep already?

'''Samidare''': Not yet.

'''Hiro''': Sorry for making you do the night watch. You can now take a shut eye now... wait.

'''Samidare''': !?

'''Hiro''': I might need you... Please remain on standby.

'''Samidare''': Alright.

'''Hiro''': Oh, can you seat at the chair. I will contact Kazagumo to take your position for a while. You might go on a sortie.

'''Samidare''': Really!?

'''Hiro''': Well, I was just notified that we had this new year quest. funny indeed.

'''Samidare''': where should we go?

'''Hiro''': 1-3.

'''Samidare''': ...

'''Hiro''': oh, that map. I hated it.

'''Sazanami''': true.

''The three ponders on what to do on that time.''


==Nenohi's day.==

'''[Nenohi's POV]'''

'''''I woke up feeling refreshed because the day has arrived... it's my day. I carefully get out of the bed and immediately wore my clothes... but, I saw a box that was placed in the table.'''''
'''''
I opened it and saw a very different outfit from the usual. It's a Furisode, but I find it rather more modern and pleasant.'''''

'''''I haven't tried wearing one so I woke Hatsuharu who was a bit knowledgeable on these things and have her teach me how to wear it.'''''
'''''
Surprisingly, It was easy enough... but I must admit that I really looked different with this outfit. I wonder what will the Admiral's reaction when he saw me dressed like this. Will he fawn over me? Will he go and embrace me... I wonder.'''''



'''''After wearing the said dress and looked myself at the mirror a few times already, I decided to go out and greet the Admiral who should be in his office at the moment.'''''

'''''When I entered the office, I saw the Admiral was still talking to his Secretary/Lover and they are discussing about the sorties for the new year.'''''

'''''Sazanami-san noticed I and she called the Admiral's attention and he was surprised to see me dressed like that.'''''

'''''He can't express his words properly as usual and plus to the fact that Sazanami is eyeing on him on the matter. Honestly, Sazanami really knows how the Admiral thinks, could it be that they had done it already?'''''



'''''I turned myself around and the two of them looked pleased over my transformation. The Admiral adjusted his volume and signaled me to go and wait for him at the shore.'''''
'''''
Sazanami took notice of the signs and she just ignored it and looked me at the eye and glared at me as if she is saying not to take too much advantage of everything she has done. Sazanami then held the Admiral's hand and she squeezed it tightly.'''''
'''''
As I walked out, I saw Ushio-san who is also wearing a Kimono and she greeted me.'''''



'''''Later on that day, the Admiral went to the shore and he greeted me Happy New Year. I immediately grabbed the Admiral's hand and I immediately locked my arm on his own arm. The Admiral didn't mind it at all, but he reminded me not to do it so often.'''''

'''''Sazanami seems to be very knowledgeable about the affairs the admiral has and also, the things he liked about them. I must admit, she still accepted him despite that. She must have been ready to monopolize him after they got a home to live.'''''

'''''The Admiral then asked me if I am alright to be like this until then.'''''
'''''
I was not able to answer him due to the fact that he has to return back to the office. He said Sazanami allowed him to be here. She really is alright with us taking a bit of points from time to time for as long as we don't make a big mess out of it.'''''

'''''The Admiral kisses my forehead and kisses my hand and he went back to his office to do work. I immediately felt the heat after that kiss. Then, out of nowhere; Hatsuharu and Hatsushimo pouted at me for monopolizing the Admiral, they truly liked the Admiral. I wonder if most of us are feeling like this whenever we had a little time to spend with the Admiral?'''''
'''''Hatsuharu stroked my head and she congratulated me for making things a bit quite better. I wonder if she has something in mind too.'''''

'''''And Hatsushimo... she tried to look for extra clothes so that she will look delightful too. But, when she met Ushio in the hallway, she fell on her knees and she was uttering something that refers to justice and the term flat. Hmm, I guess she is envious of Ushio-san's proportions.'''''

'''''After that, we went and have our meals courtesy of Mamiya-san.'''''


==The Expansion.==

'''Hiro''': Sazanami, The expansion team will arrive. Please call me when they arrived.

'''Sazanami''': really?

'''Hiro''': Yeah. I already made a deal with them. and they'll be doing the job quickly.

'''Sazanami''': What are the expansion team looks like?
''
The Admiral flashed a photo of fairies.''

'''Sazanami''': Fairies?

'''Hiro''': Technically, I don't know why they looked like fairies. Some people say that they are fairies because they are more of helpers of the ship girls and they want to finish things quickly.

'''Sazanami''': Hmm... Sounds fishy to me.

'''Hiro''': well, let's just say that They are here to do their work. And we really don't care on what they look like.

'''Sazanami''': Alright. (though I have wondered when did he get the funds for the expansion)



''The Admiral and Sazanami sip tea as they let the time pass them by.''

'''Sazanami''': By the way Master, did they told you when will they come?

'''Hiro''': No... why was that?

'''Sazanami''': Well, can we go to the place?

'''Hiro''': Alright.



''The two decided to skip work a bit and went to the designated area only to find it was renovated.''

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Sazanami''': That was fast.

'''Hiro''': Yeah. I wonder how did they do that?

'''Sazanami''': Could it be...

'''Hiro''': Tell me...

'''Sazanami''': After confirming the order, they already appeared at these parts and they renovated it. Truly revolutionary. But when?

'''Hiro''': I think while we are talking, they must have been repairing everything.

'''Sazanami''': Well then, looks like we are not going to see those fairies any sooner.

'''Hiro''': well... I guess I better catch them next time. Sazanami, let's go back and announce our good news.

'''Sazanami''': Alright.

''The two went back and a few minutes later, the news of the renovation of the small part was complete.''
-end.
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]