==Random Shenanigans X - The Fanservice Episode==


The latter half of summer is something that everyone is excited about. There is the sun and the heat is taking its toll towards the mortals that live underneath it. Everyone is not exempted to this rule. In short, every one of them feel the heat.

The Naval base is quite a good place to be since Air-condition was installed to many parts of the said establishment and the corridors are properly ventilated so air can go in and out anytime. But then, since the heat is something they have to face.

Inside the Admiral's office, the Admiral currently doing his work in a cool environment. His secretary Sazanami currently is done doing her work.

Sazanami: Master, It seems that the hot days has finally started.

Hiro: Really? I guess our utility bills will rise too.

Sazanami: Indeed. Anyways, since it's the season of summer... I guess we can finally show you our swim wear.

Hiro: Oh. It's that time already. (I can't wait to strip her.)

Sazanami: Indeed. Anyways Master, are you putting another day off to our fleet once again?

Hiro: Yup. After all, this is a great time for fanservice.

Sazanami: Somehow, you mention a word that is worthy of you to get send to that other dimension.

Hiro: Sazanami, it was a joke. Asides, I don't want to get dragged into a different kind of affair since I am going straight you guys

Sazanami: I see... But on the night of our departure the bespectacled spear user kissed you as she bids her farewell... Somehow, I am envious of her.

Hiro: Sazanami, You are the most important person to me in this world. Nothing more...

Then, a sound of a falling tray was heard.

Samidare: So Sazanami is the most important... heheh, I knew it...

Hiro: Samidare, since when are you here?

Sazanami: Samidare, your aura is making us freeze!

Samidare: its fine, I will make summer a freezing summer for the three of us...

Hiro: Wait...

And the nightmare began for the three of them...

(In the end, everything calmed down)


==A battlefield even at vacation.==

In the onset of the heat, Nagato and Mutsu are currently having a 1-on-1 beach volley battle.

Mutsu: Nagato, do you even know the rules of beach volley?

Nagato: Of course I do! You just hit the ball and when the opposing side didn't return it, I win.

Mutsu: Nagato... that is not 100% correct.

Nagato: 1% correct or 100% correct, all it matters that I am correct. Mutsu, receive my ultimate serve!

Nagato tosses the ball into the air and she perfectly hits it in the center and it was straight towards the outer court.

Mutsu didn't receive the ball and instead, she dodge it gracefully.

As the ball makes its impact to the sand, the ball burns and it hits the sandy ground. An explosion occurred to the area after the ball touched the sandy ground.

Mutsu was caught by the shock wave.

Nagato: I won!

Mutsu who was lying flat to the ground musters her courage to tell Nagato that the ball serve is considered out.

Mutsu: Nagato, it's out.

Nagato: WHAT!!!

And thus from that day onwards, Nagato is forbidden to play any kind of sports that uses force.


==Preparations for the girls-in-love.==

Before the Admiral has declared the announcement pertaining to their official day-off, the girls have already filed their leaves to go to the mall in the city to buy their swimsuits. On that day, the Admiral has also went to the city to buy some things pertaining to his grand design.

Along the way, the Admiral enters the elevator and from there he saw a person he rarely see outside the base. More likely, it was due to the fact that she is a special existence not only to ship-girls, but also to normal people.

Hiro: (That must be Naka. She hasn't realized it that all of the people here knows who she is.)

As the Admiral tries to approach her, the door opens and to his surprise, a lot of people related to the base was seen together.

Hiro: ...

They all kept quiet and they enter the elevator.

After all non-ship girl left the elevator. The elevator mood has gone wild.

Naka: Admiral!!! Why are you here!?

Shoukaku: Admiral, are you here to peek on us?

Choukai: ...

Ryuujou: good timing, please come with us in our quest to... wait, should I tell him?

The rest shook their heads signaling they can't let the Admiral see their embarassing side.

Hiro: RJ, it's quite an offer you ask of me. But sadly, I have to buy few things pertaining to our summer day-off. We will hit the beach, but that beach is just that beach near our naval base.

RJ: Indeed. I guess you are excited too.

Hiro: Kinda... (I am totally excited for this!)

Shoukaku: Anyways, I saw Sazanami-san here a while ago. Should you go with her too?

Hiro: Hmm... I guess I will see her soon. Anyways, this is the floor that I have to go to. See you later then.

All of them bowed their heads as they remain inside the elevator.



As soon as the Admiral alights the elevator, Sazanami is already waiting for him at the front of the store.

Sazanami: It seems that you have met some of them along the way.

Hiro: Indeed. It was a rowdy scene. Misa, will Aoi be here soon?

Sazanami: Aoi is busy right now. I guess Suzu-san will be here in her stead.

Hiro: Suzukaze... I haven't seen her left the base at all.

Sazanami: It's because she left early in the morning.

Hiro: Oh. Anyways, let's get in. We have to make sure everything is alright on that day.

Sazanami: Alright Hiro-san.

And the two enters the store and they made a big purchase on the things inside that store.


==Summertime tag==

Inside a shady cave, The Admiral and Sazanami currently hiding their location to the others.

Hiro: Hmm... Everything is clear.

Sazanami: Master, if someone sees us here... they might think that we might be doing something here. Aren't you worried a bit about our image?

Hiro: Indeed. But this cave is something that wasn't use for that purpose. It's not even logical to do that here.

Sazanami: So you are implying that you could have done it here... Master is a bad boy.

Hiro: Kidding asides, this place sure is cool.

Sazanami: Indeed. Anyways, why are we here?

Soon after, they heard voices coming from the outside.

xxx: Admiral, where are you!? We want to play with you.

Soon after, the sound grew faint and no sound was heard after that.

Sazanami: Isonami sure likes to look for you.

Hiro: Well, Isonami is someone who is willing to give me some skinship. But since I felt everyone's murderous aura.

Sazanami: Well, they were all surprised that Isonami-san is quite older than they are. They thought that she is just a newbie looking for someone to talk with.

Hiro: Indeed. A lot of them were surprised that she is one of our few original personnel.

Sazanami: Anyways, why am I here with you? I could have been playing out right now?

Hiro: Because it's boring to hide all by myself...

Sazanami: How long must we hide?

Hiro: Hmm... Well...

xxx: Admiral! I found you!

Hiro: Geh. Let's get out of here.

The Admiral grabs Sazanami's hand and they both run towards the exit.

xxx: Wait!

And the game of cat and mouse continues.


==Kazagumo's swim wear mode.==

Kazagumo currently tries on her newly purchased swim wear which she secretly bought using the money she earned from selling stuffs.

Kazagumo: (I guess this is quite nice. I hope the Admiral noticed me.)

Kazagumo looks herself in the mirror as she turns around looking for angles that she might look good.

Akigumo who was also inside her room silently sketching Kazagumo.

Akigumo: Kazagumo-san, why are you so excited to try that swim wear?

Kazagumo: It's because I am quite confident that he might praise me.

Akigumo: I see. Say, what if he saw you dressed like that and he suddenly can't hold his urge, will you gave him your body?

Kazagumo: That is... well, I guess I don't mind.

Akigumo: I see. Well then... *scribbles, scribbles*

Kazagumo: What are you doing?

Akigumo: Just a rough draft...

Kazagumo: For what? A doujin?

Akigumo: Yup.

Kazagumo: Lemme see...

Kazagumo peeks on Akigumo's note and she saw the sketch of her being pressed on the wall by the Admiral.

Kazagumo: ...

Akigumo: Man, since you are willing, I guess I can get you two into the mood where you start kissing one another to a point where...

Kazagumo picks up Akigumo's sketch and tears the page she is working it.

Kazagumo crumples it and she threw it to the trash bit.

Akigumo: Wah! My work! Kazagumo, I am close to bringing the 2D you to life.

Kazagumo: Akigumo... GET OUT OF MY ROOM!!!

Akigumo was kicked out of Kazagumo's room

Akigumo: But it's my room too!!!

Akigumo could only cry in protest after that.

Soon after she kicks Akigumo out of the room, Kazagumo rummage the piles of paper looking for the paper she crumpled.

She fixes the paper back and she saw the expression which was shown in the paper.

Kazagumo: (Is this really how I look like in that situation?)

Kazagumo's face turned red after looking at it.

Soon after, she tried to make the paper looked new and she hides it inside her small portfolio.

Later that night, Akigumo was allowed to enter the room.


==Okinami's reward==

Okinami is currently sitting in the shore as she wears her one-piece swim wear that she has asked Nagato to make for her. She currently has a smile emanating in her face.

Soon after, the Admiral sat somewhere near her location.

Okinami: Commander?

Hiro: Oh. It's nice seeing you out sometimes... Kimi?

Okinami: Yup. I am the #2

Hiro: Oh thank goodness. I thought I have mistaken you from the other one.

Okinami: It's fine. After all, I am grateful to you all in all.

Hiro: I guess so. Anyways, May I sit beside you?

Okinami: Is that alright? Kazagumo-nee might be mad at me if I took advantage of your kindness.

Hiro: Well, Kazagumo do have some right to get mad at you. But it is more likely due to jealousy.

Okinami: I see... after all, she also claims a part of your heart.

Hiro: Yup. Anyways Okinami, you look good with that swimsuit. I guess you do look quite good wearing other clothes.

Okinami: Nah. I just happen to be quite good looking in this one. Kazagumo-nee looks more dashing with her swimsuit.

Hiro: Oh really. (I can't wait!)

Okinami: Yup. She said that if you see her wearing that, your heart will ship a beat.

Hiro: I guess I can hold to your word then.

Okinami: Yup.

Soon after, the two didn't talk for a while and they both watch the sun sets to the ocean.

Hiro: Kimi, are you going back now?

Okinami: Yup. I still have work to do. Being a hacker is a hard job after all. But thanks to that, I can earn my keep here.

Hiro: Shall I escort you then?

Okinami: No thanks. I heard from Kazagumo-nee that you tend to raise flags to others without you noticing it.

Hiro: Oh. I guess it doesn't work on you. But I am glad at the same time.

Okinami: glad?

Hiro: it means that you are free to talk to me without being affected by my curse.

Okinami: So Commander has a curse... I see. Thanks for telling me that. (Kazagumo-nee is also unaffected by the curse, but she decided to be with you... I guess I can follow her example.)

Hiro: You are welcome. Anyways, let's head back then.

Okinami: Alright.

And the two walked back to the naval base.


==Yamashiro's time==

Yamashiro is currently sitting in the rock waiting for Fusou to arrive.

Yamashiro: Ah, The summer heat is indeed a misfortune too...

Yamashiro looks on her torn slippers.

As she looks around she noticed a person approaching her. But it was not Fusou to whom she wants to arrive. It was the Admiral to whom she openly express her hostilities to.

Hiro: I heard that you broke your slipper. That must be bad luck.

Yamashiro: Shut Up Admiral. Where is Nee-sama?

Hiro: Sadly, she collapsed the time I met her in the tea ceremony room. I guess she is just feeling the heat too. Anyways, here are the slippers.

Yamashiro: Thanks. By the way, is nee-sama safe?

Hiro: Yup. I have asked Akashi to look over her. And she told me that she is just tired. I guess she encountered misfortune along the way.

Yamashiro: Nee-sama!

Hiro: Anyways, I better go now... hmm?

Yamashiro was tugging the Admiral's sleeve

Yamashiro: Well, to be honest... I don't want to do this but I have no choice then. Admiral, looks like my foot is sprained. Can you carry me to the tea room? Akashi-san is there right?

Hiro: Akashi is there right now... But carrying you?

Yamashiro: Admiral, please help me reach there, I believe that I might suffer the same fate if I can't be there now.

Hiro: The sun is indeed hot in your area. I guess I have to carry you then. Just stay still.

Yamashiro: Alright.

After that, The Admiral gave Yamashiro a piggy back ride.

Yamashiro: ...

Hiro: ... (They are touching me! they are touching me! they are touching me!)

Yamashiro has her face red due to her embarrassment.

Hiro: Yamashiro, can you bear this inconvenience for a bit?

Yamashiro: I will. Anyways, why a piggyback?

Hiro: If I carry you in a princess-carry, you might flail yourself and injure me in the process. Asides, I might be touching you to places you don't want to be touched.

Yamashiro: Sorry.

Hiro: I don't mind at all. After all, you two are also beautiful to my eyes.

Yamashiro: eh!?

Hiro: Wait Yamashiro, nobody told you that you are beautiful?

Yamashiro: Well... It's just that nobody tell me that whenever I am with nee-sama.

Hiro: ... (I guess they can't say it after learning that she is a siscon)

Yamashiro: Anyways, it's not like you are good looking or something. I just find you to be a bit revolting since Nee-sama likes you.

Hiro: I see. Thanks Yamashiro. Fusou never told me that I look quite good as a man. I appreciate that.

Yamashiro: Wha!?

Hiro: Yamashiro? What is wrong?

Yamashiro didn't respond.

Hiro: Crap, looks like I need to hurry. But first, I need to get out of this quick sand.

Somehow, the Admiral managed to Bring Yamashiro back to the tea ceremony room and there Akashi told him that Yamashiro fainted due to the fact that she is also tired.

Akashi: By the way Admiral, It seems that you are quite fond of Yamashiro-san as of late. Was there a reason?

Hiro: Oh that one. I guess I can tell you that. Actually Akashi, it's a request from Fusou.

Akashi: request?

Hiro: Yup. Fusou-san told me that Yamashiro is quite a clingy girl. So she asked me for a favor if I can somewhat reduce that clinginess of hers.

Akashi: Oh ho. But Admiral, you are quite a cruel guy aren't you?

Hiro: What is your basis for that?

Akashi: Well, you are just doing your usual thing to Yamashiro-san as a part of someone else's request. But if the condition has been met, you'll eventually left her alone. I think that act alone is cruel enough for me to say that to you.

Hiro: I see. But Akashi, you have forgotten one thing to ask of me.

Akashi: What is it?

Hiro: Did you ask me if I decline the request or not?

Akashi: But I thought you accepted it?

Hiro: As the matter of fact, I didn't accepted it. All of my actions were all based to the fact that I did it all to my own accord. In fact, I enjoy Yamashiro's honest remarks. It really feels refreshing to speak with her.

Akashi: I see. Well, should I put Yamashiro-san in the candidates?

Hiro: There is no need to do that. We are friends. That alone is enough for me, Yamashiro needs to look for her love somewhere else.

Akashi: I see. So you have come to accept those terms already?

Hiro: But Akashi, is this really the right thing for me to do?

Akashi: Well Admiral, I really don't know. After all... It's been quite a long time since I fell in love.

Hiro: Anyways, I have to take my leave. Can I entrust the two to you?

Akashi: You can count on me!

Hiro: That's good. Akashi, take care.

Akashi: Hiro-san, take care too.

And the Admiral left the Tea ceremony room.


==When you say summer... It also means swimsuit episode.==

One fine morning, in front of the grounds.

Hiro: Anyways. If you ever wonder the reason why I call all of you here... I'll say it frankly this time. Today, it's time for us to unwind a bit and hit the beach. So I declare today is a holiday or simply a day where we don't do work.

Everyone: YES!

Hiro: Just make sure you are all properly equipped for the sun. Anyways, this gathering is now adjourned.

And they all went to each and others ways.



A few hours after, one by one, Ship-girls arrive at the beach near the naval base to take a dip to the water.

Some of the civilian personnel also join the fray. It seems that they like the idea of having a break every now and then due to the fact that everyone is hectic with their work.

Kuro: But man, I know you really love to take things easy, but this is way too easy.

Hiro: Kuro, just enjoy the view.

Kuro: Hmm...

Miyako: Indeed, just like what this stupid guy said, just enjoy the view. My lovely ladies are calling to me!

Hiro: Who is this stupid guy you were referring to?

Miyako: Isn't that you?

Hiro: ...

Kuro: Anyways, I will take a rest. Please don't disturb my peace.

And Kuro went to rest on a hammock which was placed on the shade of the trees.



Hiro: Miyako, scandalous actions will not be tolerated though. You can go there now.

Miyako: Alright! I owe you one Hiro.

Hiro: Shoo Shoo!~

Miyako went to the shore to play with the ship-girls.

The Admiral then decided to sit on the beach parasol.



Sazanami approaches the Admiral who was currently reading a book

Sazanami: Busy Master?

Hiro: Not really. My sense of fun has somewhat diminished after all of these years.

Sazanami: I see. I won't dig deeper in that matter since it's not yet time for you to say those things.

Hiro: Sorry for keeping few things from you.

Sazanami: I don't mind. After all, you don't know much about me at all...

Hiro: That is the reason of this vacation. To know you more.

Sazanami: What a plan indeed. Anyways, can you listen to my selfish request?

Hiro: What is it?

Sazanami: I want to play in the shore, will you join me?

Hiro: Alright. I am quite bored anyways.

Sazanami: KTKR!

Hiro: Let's go then.

And the two went to the shore to play a bit.




===- Kuro's POV===


Kuro silently rests on the hammock which was placed between two big trees.

Shoukaku arrives and sits at the bench which was located near of the hammock.

There was silence at those moments.

Then, Shoukaku breaks the ice.

Shoukaku: Kurogane-san, can I talk with you for a bit?

Kuro: Alright. What is it Shoukaku?

Shoukaku: Well, I want to thank you for taking care of my sister. Well, I know it is your job after all... But I still want to...

Kuro: Shut it. If you just want to thank me, properly thank me without you resulting to that long winded speech of yours. Asides, Zuikaku wanted to stick to me this much... I feel like my peace will not arrive when I am with her.

Shoukaku: I am sorry for the inconvenience my sister has caused you.

Kuro: I don't mind. Zuikaku is after all a girl undergoing puberty. She is still quite a kid at heart, so I still have to guide her some times. Katsuragi too since she is quite younger than Zuikaku. And quite younger than the rest of us.

Shoukaku: Indeed. Say Kurogane-san, do you have any feelings for those two?

Kuro: Hmm... To be honest, Zuikaku is like a little sister to me, Katsuragi is more of a friend to me rather than a lover.

Shoukaku: I see... (I guess this is okay)

Kuro: Shoukaku, What is the problem?

Shoukaku: Well... never mind. I just wanted to know you a bit.

Kuro: Me? Aren't you supposed to know about Admiral Raven?

Shoukaku: Well, I can't win anyways. With Sazanami around, there is no way for me to take advantage of him being a solitary character

Kuro: I see... so you just want to vent out your frustrations.

Shoukaku: ...

Kuro: Well, I will listen. For as long as you don't hate yourself in the process.

Shoukaku: Really?

Kuro: Well, All I can do is listen after all... if I leave this place, the two will be troubling me sooner or later.

Shoukaku: It's a deal then.

Kuro: Alright.

And the long-winded one-sided complain of Shoukaku kept Kuro busy and she also kept the two predators away.


==Mamiya's Side==

After the Admiral and Sazanami played in the shore, they went to Cafe Mamiya to order something.

Hiro: 'Sup! Special meal A for two.

Irako who was standing as the cashier and the waitress of the cafe accepted the order. She is currently wearing her swimsuit.

Hiro: Is that your uniform for this season?

Irako: Well...

Sazanami: Master, you are indeed looking at her with such predatory eyes. I think Irako-san is being too conscious on her figure.

Hiro: Am I making you a bit uncomfortable?

Irako: Well... It's not really your fault. It's that I never know what to do when a guy stares at me like that.

Hiro: Oh. Sorry for looking at you too intently. Anyways, can you also bring us the special Ice Cream too?

Irako: Alright, 2 Special Lunch A and 2 Ice Cream.

And Irako left the area and placed the orders in the kitchen window.



20 minutes has passed, and only the two of them were left in the cafe, at this point, the atmosphere around the cafe is much tranquil and the sense of time really slows down.

Irako who was on the counter started to get talk to us since she has nothing to do.

Irako: Umm...

Hiro: Since it's a day-off, call me by my name. You are no stranger to me.

Irako: Okay. Hiro-sama, Mamiya-san will personally deliver the meals later.

Hiro: Oh.

Sazanami: Really? I rarely see Mamiya-san so I want to ask her about few things.

Irako: Alright. Say Hiro-sama, I always see you with Sazanami-san; perhaps...

Hiro: Oh yeah. Sazanami here is my girlfriend. Well, Hasn't Mamiya-san told you about that?

Irako: I haven't remembered anything at all...

Hiro: Strange.

Sazanami: Indeed. Master, should we...

Soon after Mamiya came out of the kitchen.

Mamiya: Sorry for the wait. I was surprised to hear from Irako-chan that you are here... Oh, Sazanami is here too.

Sazanami: What is this difference of treatment you just show?

Mamiya: Sorry about that. Anyways... Hiro-san?

The Admiral currently is having a nose bleed.

Sazanami: Damn, you flipped Master's switch.

Sazanami wipes the blood that oozes out of the Admiral's nose.

Mamiya currently wears her swimsuit too... but there was one place that stood out no matter what Mamiya do to cover it.



Hiro: Anyways, It's quite surprising to see you wore one too. Last time Kino and I invited you to go to the beach, you declined us.

Mamiya: Well... it's not really the case...

Sazanami: I think she declined so that you won't get distracted by Mamiya-san's assets.

Hiro: Indeed...

Mamiya: Hiro-san!!!

Hiro: Sorry, Anyways... it's been a while since we have spoken to one another. I guess you can also join us to our lunch.

Irako: Really!?

Mamiya: Alright. Irako, let's take a break for now. And also close the store for the moment.

Irako: Alright.

That day, the 4 have a good talk over some good food.


==Summer days - Kazagumo==

And so, as the whole base goes on the hype of summer, the Admiral currently busies himself with tons of work inside of his air-conditioned office.

But, one day, that air condition broke.

Hiro: ...

Currently Kazagumo is his secretary.

Kazagumo: The Aircon is not working?

Hiro: Yup. Anyways... I think the reason for that is that the batteries ran out.

Kazagumo: Then we can...

Hiro: It seems that the errand person we send to buy a pack hasn't managed to procure those batteries. Sorry Kazagumo, but we need to work in this heat.

Kazagumo: No way!!!

Hiro: well then...

The Admiral unbuttons his uniform and took it off. Then, he hangs it on the stand near him. Currently, he is wearing a plain white shirt and his white slacks.

Hiro: I guess this will do. Kazagumo?

Kazagumo: (the Admiral undresses in front of me, what should I do!? But wait, he is still wearing his T-shirt so it’s still okay. Right this is right. Nothing to see and it's safe!)

Hiro: Kazagumo~!

Kazagumo: Ueh~! You surprised me!

Hiro: You are in a daze already. Say, aren't you feeling the heat wearing that clothes?

Kazagumo: Well...

Hiro: Hmm...

Soon after, Akigumo enters the Office.

Akigumo: Kazagumo, where is my sketch pad?

Kazagumo: I am not telling you. You will just sketch me without my permission.

Akigumo: C'mon now, aren't you a bit shy? Asides, I want to make sure that your appearance is to be preserved in some sort of a masterpiece.

Hiro: Akigumo, what are you talking about?

Akigumo: Oh right. Admiral, did you know that Kazagumo-chan has worn her swimsuit once?

Hiro: Really?

Kazagumo: It's a lie. Admiral, I didn't wore one at all.

Hiro: So you are 'bare' under those clothes?

Kazagumo: Of course no!

Hiro: Akigumo, aren't you lying to me?

Akigumo: Well, I wish I can lie to you...

Hiro: Then, wait for me in a sec.



The Admiral stood up and he went to a room which was inside the Admiral's office.

Kazagumo and Akigumo were surprised to see such a door hidden in sight.

Kazagumo: I never knew...

Akigumo: indeed...

Five minutes after, The Admiral came out of the room.

Hiro: Looks like Akigumo is correct.

Kazagumo: Eh!?

Akigumo: Yes! (Now feel embarrassed.)

Hiro: Well, since it's only nine in the morning, it is expected to get hot sooner. Kazagumo, I advise you to...

Kazagumo: There is no way I'll show that to you!

Hiro: ...

Akigumo: This is troubling.

Kazagumo runs outside of the office.

Hiro: Well, I guess we did pushed her a bit.

Akigumo: Indeed. Anyways, I will go to the city today, I have to pass something related to Comicket.

Hiro: Oh yeah. Anyways, can you grab me some samples too... since I want to know who sells what.

Akigumo: Roger. Anymore errands?

Hiro: Well, I want you to buy a pack of AA batteries.

Akigumo: Alright.

Akigumo left the office.

Hiro: Now then, back to work.

And the Admiral resumes to work



A few hours later, Kazagumo arrives still wearing the same clothes.

Kazagumo: Sorry for running away a while ago.

Hiro: I understand. I should be asking you to forgive me since I tried to pre... huh?

Kazagumo slowly undresses her clothes.

Hiro: Wait Kazagumo, aren't you taking this to a different dimension already. You are making this PG story into a Rated R one.

Kazagumo didn't listen and she removed her clothing until she is wearing the said swimsuit.

Kazagumo: Since it's a bit hot... I will wear this. Do you have any questions?

Hiro: ...

Kazagumo: Admiral?

Hiro: GOOD JOB!

The Admiral's nose bleeds and this time from seeing Kazagumo's effort to wear the said swimsuit.



Later that day, They proceed working and soon; Akigumo arrived carrying a box of AA batteries and the Admiral tried to start the air-conditioned, but he decided to postpone it in order for him to enjoy the moment he is feeling now.

Later that night, the Aircon becomes functional. And Kazagumo wears her standard uniform once more.


==The Day the Admiral became a Castle lord: Conclusion==

Soon as the Admiral ordered the castle girls to defend the Area, the battle has begun. Countless Kabuto spawned left and right, but somehow, the castle girls managed to maintain their composure and they all repelled the enemies that spawned from every direction.

In one of their intermissions, one person was summoned into the battlefield.

Sazanami falls from the sky, As soon as the Admiral noticed her, he immediately run and catch her.

Sazanami: Master...

Hiro: Nice to see someone familiar.

Sazanami: Where are we?

Hiro: In a world where there are no abyssals nor ship-girls.

Sazanami: I see.

Hiro: Well, how did you get here?

Sazanami: Well... I actually looked for the gap-loving Yokai to send me wherever you are.

Hiro: ...

Sazanami: You might not believe me, but what I said is true.

The Admiral embraces Sazanami who was still shocked by the events that happened.

Sazanami: Master?

Hiro: I believe you. After all, we are both sharing the same string of fate.

Sazanami: Indeed.

Soon after, Wakimoto arrived the scene.

Wakimoto: Milord! We have have felt the presence of the kabuto... wha~!

She saw a scene she hasn't understood at all.

Sazanami: Master, who is she?

Hiro: She told me that she is my loyal aide. But I have no recollection of being here...

Sazanami: Young Lady, what did my Master has done to you?

Wakimoto: Sorry for ruining your moment of reunion. But we need him in order for us to fight.

Sazanami: We need him in order for us to fight too.

Hiro: This is quite troubling. Anyways Sazanami, let's leave the Arguments aside, and face the current issue at hand. Sazanami, let's look for a way back home later.

Sazanami: Alright.

Hiro: Wakimoto, Where are the kabuto right now?

Wakimoto: they are at the south west gate.

Hiro: Alright, Bring Uto-san and Iga-Ueno there to guard the Area. Bring Totorri-san too to be the back-up. You and Frankenstein would be staying near me. The other gunner will have to position herself near the entrance too, behind Tottori. The Crossbow will guard the Warehouses and so is the other spear girl.

Wakimoto: Understood.

And soon after, the next battle unfolds.



A few hours after the battles, there are no signs of enemies nearby, so they decided to call it a day, the Castle girls warped themselves along with the Admiral and Sazanami to their land.

From there, they were greeted by Senko who was their fox guardian.

Senko: Oh Milord. Nice seeing you so fine.

Hiro: I see... so it's you. Long time no see.

Sazanami: Wait. You know them?

Hiro: Somehow, I can vaguely remember them now. I guess it has something to do with parallel world transmission.

Sazanami: what?

Hiro: Well... I guess, the correct answer is that I took over the current Lord of those castles.

Sazanami: I see.

Hiro: Your name is Senko right?

The Fox eared lady replied.

Senko: Indeed. Anyways, sorry if I have to call you out of the blue. It's been quite an ordeal to locate your location.

Hiro: I see. By the way, it’s a lot different from the last time I went here.

Senko: Indeed. Anyways, forgive me for doing this quite abruptly. We need your insight on combat so we decided to warp you here.

Hiro: I guess it's quite an experience itself. But I have a home to return to.

Senko: Indeed.

Sazanami: Well, Can you do something about this?

Senko: I can do it. But let me prepare the necessary things to do for the next three days. Luckily no kabuto was in sight for the next week. Well, do you have anything more to add?

Hiro: Well, I'll tell you tomorrow. I think I can help even if I am away.

Senko: Really!?

Hiro: Yup. Since I think I can manage this matters here.

Senko: I see. Well then, may your travel be fruitful. But for now, stay here with us and bond with us. We all miss you.

Hiro: Alright. Sazanami, I'll be late to our night together.

Sazanami: Alright. Master, please do things in moderation.

Hiro: I will.



In three days, the Admiral was busy entertaining his castle girls inside his palace and Sazanami currently helps him with the duties as his loyal aide. (She has to play that part too. She tried acting like a castle girl, but she can't imitate them... but she managed to defeat all of them in one-on-one combat)

Soon after, the third day has arrived.

Senko who was already finished with her preparations stood in the middle of a circle.

Senko: Milord. The Portal back there is finished.

Hiro: Thanks. Anyways Senko, are you finished with that?

Senko: Yup. All it needs is a portion of your soul.

Hiro: Soul huh.

Senko: What is the matter?

Hiro: Well, my soul is quite a hard to please girl. Please bear with her.

Senko: Oh! Don't worry, I asked her to help me with this too.

Hiro: Oh.

Senko: Now, give me your blood and place it on the talisman.

Senko bit the Admiral's finger and she then placed his hand on the talisman.

Soon after, the Admiral felt a portion of himself is sucked out of himself.

Then, someone materialize on that instant.

xxx: ...

Hiro: He looks like me.

Senko: Well... It is indeed you.

Hiro: I see. Well Pal, I will trust my girls to you too.

The copy nodded.

Senko: What should be his name?

Hiro: Well, since I am lending them to you. I guess you can call him the same title you use on me. After all, he is me.

Senko: I see. Well then, shall I start the ceremony now?

Hiro: Alright. I'll call Sazanami now.

Senko: Alright.



A few minutes later the Admiral returns along with Sazanami and the rest of the castle girls in his side.

Hiro: Well, it's been three days since we meet one another. But due to my lover's perseverance, we have to return back to home. But worry not, I have left a part of me to guide all of you towards the peace you all deserve.

Sazanami: Anyways, Thanks for letting a girl like me stay here and thanks for letting me train you all. I guess, there is no need for master to return here now. Well then, thanks and I will miss you all.

Soon after, the two turned their backs and they went towards the portal. But before the Admiral steps his foot on the portal, Wakimoto runs towards him.

Wakimoto: Milord. Please let me say something before you leave.

Hiro: What is it Wakimoto?

Wakimoto: Well... Will I ever see you again?

Hiro: Well, I have left a part of me. I guess you might see the other me, but I think you will not see me anymore.

Wakimoto: I see. Well, before you leave... Please forgive my shamelessness.

Soon after, Wakimoto kisses the Admiral's lips and it lasted for around 15 seconds. Soon after, Wakimoto took a bow and she watched the two go back to the world they both belong.

Senko: Well then. Milord; Sazanami-sama. Take care. Also, this portal will not close after I send you... so expect us some time soon.

Hiro: Wait! What do you mean not closing!?

Senko: Well, Yakumo told me that she wants to keep the portal open, so yeah... Bye Bye.

Hiro: Wait!

Soon after the two was send to the other side.



The two woke up in the Office and the time on the clock is currently at 4 in the morning.

Hiro: Is that a dream?

Sazanami: I don't know.

Hiro: Hmm...

Sazanami: Master, Look at that.

Soon after, the Admiral was holding bell with a namahage mascot attached to it.

Hiro: I see... so everything was true.

Sazanami: Indeed. By the way, how sly that woman is, stealing a kiss from you!

Hiro: Well, I guess there is nothing I can do about that. After all, Wakimoto...

Sazanami places her fingers to silence the Admiral.

Sazanami: Master, you are not allowed to use her name in front of me. I am jealous of her.

Hiro: I see... I guess you two are quite similar in one way or the other.

Sazanami: Similar?

Hiro: Yup. Both of you were quite common, but who says that I can't love someone as common as you.

Sazanami: Master... Anyways, morning has come, let's start our work.

Hiro: Yup. Anyways, what is the date today?

Sazanami: Hmm... Impossible!

Hiro: What is it?

Sazanami: only a day has passed by!

And the mystery about their time travel remains a mystery.



===Omake:===


Dear Milord, Oh wait... should I call Hiro-san? Hiro-sama? I really don't know how I should address you. Anyways, I am writing this letter with you in my mind. I wonder, is this what they call love. Uto-san said to me that I should go and see him once in a while. After all, I really like seeing him. It felt that this intellectual me can't pass a day without seeing his smile.

Anyways, the current Lord is a brilliant tactician, though at times he fails, he made sure that he can finish things with ease. And soon after, we managed to repel most kabuto away. Since I am writing this to you, I guess it means that I can't visit you at all... Well, that is not true. Since Senko and Yakumo managed to stabilize the barrier and the portal, coming to your place is not impossible.

Anyways, as I ponder... I realize a mistake in my judgement. I don't know where you live and it seems that I can't send it to where you are right now. I guess this time, I need a miracle to send this letter to you. But I don't mind. I might have to give this to you when we meet out there in your world. But then, I am scared of that world. Will I fit in? Will I be someone who stands out? Will I be labeled as an outcast? I wonder what kind of your world you are living at this moment.

Anyways, I asked the other you and he seemed to remember everything about you. He told me how to get into the 'naval base' that he speak of and the he also show me stores that sells the clothes a woman in that era would wear. It seems that he knows a lot about you, after all, he is you... only a part of it though.

Anyways, about the honorifics. I guess you can call me Wakimoto, since you are not a stranger to me and I am your... never mind. Sazanami-sama might get mad at me since I am stealing you from her. But funny thing is, she taught me how to properly use a spear. I guess you really taught her well in the art of fighting. How I wish she is also a castle-girl like us. But then, it might also mean that she will if she fights her way to your heart.

Ah, I am getting too confused already on what should I do or should I do it or not. I guess I am quite nervous too. But don't worry. I will see you soon. After all, the world is almost at peace. Now then, I guess I have to collect a bit of my courage and face a whole new world ahead of me. Wish me luck. Oh, if you still hold my charm, then I will have no trouble in finding you. I wish you always hold that... after all, I am your beloved Wakimoto too... (But then, Sazanami-sama might get mad at me, so I decided to keep it to myself)

Anyways, Will I see you or not? I can't wait for that time that the two of us will meet. So Hiro-sama, see you soon.

With love, Wakimoto.

- End.
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]