==Graf Zeppelin==

''Graf Zeppelin arrived at the naval base to see something far from her expectations.''

'''Graf''': Hmm... This base is kinda big yet there are a lot of unused rooms here. I wonder...

''As she walks she saw a familiar face...''


'''Z1''': Oh! Graf-san... Welcome home!

'''Graf''': I see, Lebe has grown splendidly. Tell me how did you became a boy?

'''Z1''': Wait, I am still A girl!

'''Graf''': Sorry about that. But you managed to hold yourself together in this naval base despite being the only german here...

'''Z1''': Yuu arrived here 2 days before you.

'''Graf''': Really!?

'''Z1''': She was excited to meet you two since there are rumours that from where she was you are also there,

'''Graf''': Well then, I am going to go and greet the Admiral of this base.

'''Z1''': Be careful though. Despite being a great guy, he is an upredictable person...

'''Graf''': How was he unpredictable?

'''Z1''': I heard that he and his secretary teased the newly arrived training cruiser Kashima that she was a famous Idol in a certain Anime.

'''Graf''': Hmm... I wonder. But I'll take it to my heart then.

'''Z1'''. Take care...

''Graf entered the office...''



''After Graf entered the naval office, Z1 looked at her clothing and she was surprised to see she was wearing the boy's sailor clothes.''



==Graf Zeppelin's meeting with the Admiral==

'''Hiro''': (singing the song of Stairway to heaven.)♫♫♫

'''Sazanami''': Boo yeah!!!

'''Graf''': ... (what the hell is happening here anyways?)

'''Sazanami''': Master, she is here?

'''Hiro''': Oh...

''The Admiral turned off the Stereo set and welcomed Graf Zeppelin.''

'''Hiro''': My aplogies to my blunder a while ago. I was so glad that you dropped by that I started playing the song Stairway to heaven.

'''Graf''': I see... By the way, you really don't look like an admiral?

'''Hiro''': Well... Technically, I am the Admiral here and that's it...

'''Sazanami''': Also, Master wasted his sleep once more to get you.

'''Graf''': Haah...

'''Hiro''': Anyways, Guten Morgen!

'''Graf''': Guten Morgen!

'''Sazanami''': Hmm...

'''Hiro''': Graf Zeppelin, how shall I address you. Your name is kinda long?

'''Graf''': Call me Zep if you want?

'''Hiro''': Eehh... That makes you a guy...

'''Sazanami''': I know!!!

'''Hiro''': (whispers to Sazanami) Tell it to me...

'''Sazanami''': (Whispers back) You will call her...

'''Hiro''': I see!!!

'''Graf''': ...

'''Hiro''': Anyways, we have decided on your nickname... Your nickname is Coffee...

'''Graf''': !!!

'''Sazanami''': Good delivery!!!

''Samidare entered the room and reprimanded the two.''

'''Samidare''': Please don't be too rude on our Guest-of-Honor!!!

'''Hiro''': Sorry...

'''Sazanami''': Sorry, we got too carried away...

'''Samidare''': Well... I don't mind but please don't scare the newbies like that! Anyways... Graf-san, Zeppelin-san? How do you want me to call you?

'''Graf''': Call me Zep...

'''Samidare''': Eeehh... That's a boy's nickname... I know, I'll call you Coffee-san from now on...

'''Hiro''': Hey...

'''Sazanami''': Hey...

'''Samidare''': Eh...

''Graf was a bit irritated at the exchange a while ago snapped because she can't get along with those people.''

'''Graf''': (snaps) You stupid Excuse of an Admiral!!! Why must I serve You!!!???

'''Hiro''': (changes aura) Because I am the commander of this whole damn base... and, Who do you think you are having the guts to disobey me, are you provoking us since you are an aircraft carrier? Better watch your words... Samidare, Sazanami... Bring Kitakami and Isuzu along and teach her who is the boss.

'''Sazanami''': Alright Master.

'''Samidare''': Yes Admiral!

''The two left and Graf felt the pressure the Admiral has exerted... It was a lot different from the admiral he just saw  a few minutes ago.''

'''Graf''': (What in the world did happened? I just provoked him and then things got escalated and I am now going into the PVP?)

'''Hiro''': By the way, If you lose this bout we will call you Coffee-chan, Please do your best. Oh! torpedo bombers? Dive Bombers? You don't need that!? You are a prided Kriegsmarine, right?

'''Graf''': I am sorry... Please let me off the hook this time around...

'''Hiro''': You know, I am searching for you for 6 days already... and I was sure I made my offerings to the one cruel invisble guy who rolls the 20-faced die. But since we kinda stepped out of bounds here from time to time, please do not complain... play with it, We will call you Zep anyways since it's your favorable name...

'''Graf''': (cries already)

Kitakami entes along with Isuzu...

'''Kitakami''': Ah! You made someone cry again!!!

'''Hiro''': Shut it!!!

'''Isuzu''': Man, What a bully...

'''Graf''': Please spare me... Please let you all call me coffee-chan from now on! I don't want fight opponents I haven't fought before.

'''Hiro''': Deal! By the way, you two teach her how the battle was done.

'''Isuzu''': Alright!

'''KitakamI''': Okay.

Isuzu and Kitakami dragged Graf to the waters and taught her the basics of combat.<br />Samidare and Sazanami came back and asked the admiral what happened.


'''Samidare''': So, from now on she is Coffee-chan?

'''Hiro''': Yup. Looks like she fell to our pressure.

'''Sazanami''': Hmm... I wonder why we made fun of her anyways?

'''Hiro''': Because Z1 requested me to do that.

'''Sazanami''': That girl...

'''Samidare''': Well then, I'll be heading back...

'''Hiro''': Okay.



''And a few hours later, Graf Zeppelin knows how to fight.''



==vs. Graf Zeppelin==

'''Hiro''': So what is it, Coffee-chan?

'''Graf''': I challenge you to a duel!!!

'''Hiro''': I see... so in the end you will defy me.

'''Graf''': Don't be misunderstood... I am here to take my honor. I knew it... I don't want to be called as Coffee-chan.

'''Hiro''': So you know it already. So, what is the challenge? I am kinda weak just for the record.

'''Graf''': (I see... I must take advantage of this...) Well then, how about a round of target shooting?

'''Hiro''': Are you sure? I am quite good there...

'''Graf''': Hmm.... I know, something that you don't need too much effort.

'''Hiro''': I see... spill it.

'''Graf''': Ping Pong!

'''Hiro''': ... (Thanks for the meal!)

'''Graf''': The loser will do what the winner has instructed him/her to do and there are three commands.

'''Hiro''': Okay...

'''Graf''': Let's bring it! (I am great player afterall, this stupid guy will not see it coming...)



''Sazanami who was watching the scene has a large grin on her face...''

'''Sazanami''': (Well... Good luck on winning, Coffee-chan.)


==The table tennis from another world.==

'''''The audience witnessed something outstanding. Graf was leading 4-1 in a set and the admiral didn't move that much.'''''

'''Kasumi''': What is that Idiot doing!? I know he can win anyways...

'''Sazanami''': Well... Hiro-san! I'll kiss you if you win!

The other audience looked at Sazanami as if she was planning for this.



then suddenly...

'''Graf''': Hmm!!! What did just happened, the wind blows diffently...

'''Hiro''': Thanks for the data! Time to win back points...

'''Graf''': Looks like the real battle starts now.




The two had a furious exchange after that.



''In the end of the first set, The Admiral won 6-4 and he is now serving against Graf Zeppelin who was readying her racket.''




'''Graf''': (Just who the hell is he? How come he knows all of my moves in the instant?)

'''Hiro''': Well then Coffee-chan, let me tell you three things you forgot.

'''Graf''': !!!

'''Hiro''': Never challenge me to a ping-pong match...

''The Admiral hit the ball and Aimed at Graf's hand...''

'''Graf''': !!!???

''Graf immidiately pulled a bit and hit the ball but was already countered by the Admiral.''


'''Hiro''': Well then... Time for a decisive shot...

''The Admiral hits the ball and the abll flies straight towards the outermost corner of the table. Graf immediately pursues the ball and she somehow reeturned it but.''


'''Hiro''': That was a decoy anyways...

''The Admiral smashed the ball and it went to the opposite side and he won a point.''

'''Graf''': ...

''The Admiral served the second ball.''

'''Hiro''': Well then... The second mistake is that...

''The Admiral hits the ball and aims it bounces to the table into Graf's racket and then graf returns the ball... But, the ball didn't return at all.''

'''Graf''': Hmmm!?

'''Hiro''': I am an opportunist. I try to make things favorable to my conditions...

'''Graf''': Tch...

'''Hiro''': Lastly, Please don't ever... ask me for a challenge...

''The Admiral hits the ball towards the opposite side of the court and it bounced towards graf's racket and then, the battle was decided.''

'''Hiro''': Because fighting me will lead you to your demise...

''Graf's racket was destroyed leaving the handle and the game was settled for Graf can't fight back anymore.''

'''Graf''': (cries) Waahhh.....

'''Hiro''': By the way. I can use the three commands anytime I want so be at ease for now. I am not planning on embarrasing a beauty like you in front of this crowd. Stand up and be proud of your achievements.

'''Graf''': Okay...

Graf wiped her tears away and she thanked the admiral and she went back to her room in the carrier's dorm



'''Sazanami''': Ehem!!!

'''Hiro''': Well... I have no Idea how I will use these three commands. So I better keep it for now...

'''Sazanami''': Perhaps you are not going to harass her at some point of time, Master?

'''Hiro''': Not really.... But I already have plans for the future just in case these commands came in handy.

'''Sazanami''': In the end, you tricked a girl to play Ping-pong with you so that you can get whatever you want. What a scam!

'''Hiro''': Well... I am a opportunist... I need to maximize everything I have to win.

'''Sazanami''': Whatever... Let's head back... The work is not finished.

'''Hiro''': Okay.

And the two left along with the peanut gallery.


==Yuu's letter...==

'''''Dear Everyone back at Germany... Are you all well?'''''

'''''I am feeling great here because everyone welcomed me with a warm hug. And also I made new friends already.'''''

'''''My newest bestriend was Decchi, she is strict and hardworking. Somehow I am envious of her since her level is way higher above me and I wanted to follow her footsteps... But each time I call her name, she tolds me that her name is not decchi... I wonder... why does she hates calling her Decchi that much?'''''

'''''Oh, I also met Graf who came here 2 days after me... She really looks elegant and a lady among the ladies... But each time the Admiral passes by, she hides behind the CarDiv 1... I wonder why is she scared of the Admiral... I heard she has a new nickname called "Coffee-chan" or something. Well, she loves coffee so It's fine.'''''

'''''Z1 is also here too... She seems very eager to meet Z3 someday, well... the Admiral haven't built anyone since then... He must have been farming something... Z1, Ganbatte!!!'''''

'''''Oh, I met An Italian Destroyer here and she shook her hands with me. She said that I look cute and she wants to hang out with me... I wonder if she knows that we are buddy foreigners. I guess that's it...'''''

'''''No one is bullying me anyways... But there was a person I am scared meeting as of now... She is known as the Pink-haired demon inside the base... They said that she is the reason why everyone is backing away from the office. But when I went inside, I met a lovely girl with pink hair who always listens to me. I wonder if she knows about that monster?'''''

'''''Lastly, The Admiral seemed to be playful to us submarines too... He always visits this place to see if we are fine. I guess he always lets them work hard for some purpose. Anyways, I loved being petted by him... He reminds me of my big brother back there. Please take care.'''''

'''''By the way, I wonder why they are talking about Mama Taigei as of the moment... Oh well, I guess I will meet her soon if she arrives.'''''

'''''I have so many things to say but this is enough for now...'''''

'''''Lovingly yours...'''''

''''''Yuu''''''


==Can I give you a hug?==

'''''Hagikaze is currently at the dance studio with Maikaze, Nowaki and Tokitsukaze...'''''

'''Hagikaze''': Mai... You know about the Admiral long before we arrived, right?

'''Maikaze''': Yup... He sure is a dashing prince in the dance floor.

'''Hagikaze''': ...

'''Nowaki''': Question!?

'''Maikaze''': What is it Nowacchi?

'''Nowaki''': Are you perhaps... Liking the Admiral?

'''Maikaze''': Nope. It's not liking... I already loved the Admiral since the time I met him.

'''Tokitsukaze''': Really?

'''Nowaki''': Hmm... But I heard that he decided to be with Sazanami-san...

'''Maikaze''': You see... despite Sazanami's interference, there was one thing she can't prevent.

'''Others''': What is it?

'''Maikaze''': He is required to attend to my dance classes...

'''Others''': OoooH.

'''Maikaze''': Asides, I already know that he loves Sazanami-san... that's why...

Hagikaze hugged Maikaze who was about to cry from her statement.

'''Hagikaze''': There, there Mai... I have heard from the carrier dorm that once the war is over, You might have a chance in winning his heart.

'''Maikaze''': really!?

'''Hagikaze''': And then, We'll support you all the way. Fight on!

'''Maikaze''': Yup!!! I'll never give up until he reached out his hands to me and say the words... ''"I don't want to be just your dance partner... I want you to be my partner for life."''


'''Others''': Kyaa!!!

'''Maikaze''': Just wait and see... I'll snatch him away from those girls.

'''Nowaki''': (I guess... I have nothing to worry about Mai... But I wonder, if I do something, will Mai see this as an act of betrayal?)

Tokitsukaze saw Nowaki's change in expression and pats her back and she whispered something at Nowaki.

'''Tokitsukaze''': Nowaki... I know you are conflicted, but as long as you say it properly... She'll understand it. So, good luck to you too...

'''Nowaki''': !!!

''Then the 4 converse and their topics revolved around the naval base and the Admiral himself.''


==The Kuso Notes...==

'''''Library: Afternoon'''''

''The admiral is browing in his little notebook that he always hold and Samidare was there by chance and asked him about the notebook.''

'''Samidare''': Hiro-san, I realized that you always carry that notebook with you? Was that something important?

'''Hiro''': Well... It's a part of me I don't want anyone to see... And I believe most of them would say that too...

'''Samidare''': Was that a diary perchance?

'''Hiro''': Nope... I don't keep detailed record of activities as far as I can remember... I hated doing that.

'''Samidare''': I see... What is that note named?

'''Hiro''': '''''The bad note... or my shitty note...'''''

'''Samidare''': Somehow... I am getting the vibes that you are somewhat different when that notebook is involved... Can I look?

'''Hiro''': Nope... If you see this I would die...

'''Samidare''': really...

'''Hiro''': Well, I better go back to work.

The Admiral returned to his post and a few hours later he fell asleep. Sazanami was out of the office for a simple task at hand, so Samidare entered the office and she obtained the notes that was stuck on the Admiral's pocket.

'''Samidare''': This notebook is small... But it has something that Hiro-san didn't want me to see... Hmm...



''Samidare browsed the notes and all she saw are names of the roster and there are those who are still in the service and those who are retired as of today.''

'''Samidare''': Let's see... Feb 2 - Sazanami... Feb 3 - Mutsuki... Feb 4 - Kagerou... Ayanami... Hmm, I wonder what was this list of people's name are written here in this note.



''Samidare browsed the notes and she arrived at the summer campaign...''

'''Samidare''': Let's see... Aug 18 - Samidare... Huh!? What happened and I was listed here... oh there was a little footer... (It was an accident that I did that... I hope she can forgive me...) Admiral, I can forgive you anyways... Hm!? But I wonder, what did conspire that night?

''Then Samidare browsed throught the notes one more time and saw the time that Kinugasa has brought the Admiral to the Hotel...''

'''Samidare''': October 27 - Kinugasa...

''She looked at the footer that was listed below and she knew that what was written was something that she already knew.''

'''Samidare''': I see... I wonder why Sazanami-chan allowed him to be like that back then...

Sazanami who was finished entered and saw the notebook Samidare was holding.

'''Sazanami''': !?

'''Samidare''': So you know this note?

'''Sazanami''': Yup!

'''Samidare''': What did happened back then?

'''Sazanami''': Well... Back then, there was lawlessness inside the base especially when Master was kinda weak willed back then... Night after night, he was being assaulted by the girls who were written in the notes...

'''Samidare''': Including you...

'''Sazanami''': I do apologize for that.

'''Samidare''': It's fine by me... It was inevitable... So, looks like I know the reason why the first people are so close to the admrial as if they had shared something...

'''Sazanami''': It went out of hand until...

'''Samidare''': The day I arrived... I presumed.

'''Sazanami''': Yup...

'''Samidare''': he really is hopeless without me... Say, you had heard the condition Kumano has imposed on him right?

'''Sazanami''': Yup... The repeat of the old days will repeat if the war ended... I will be losing my rights but I know that I can fight my way once more...

'''Samidare''': Afterall, we had a milennium to do that...

''The two chuckled and they wrote their names into the notebook stating that they are planning something crazy that night...''


==Yuu's first day...==

''Two days before the arrival of Graf Zeppelin, U-511 was retrieve in the campaign map. U-511 enters the naval base for the first time.''

'''Yuu''': ...

''then a submarine welcomed her...''

'''Goya''': Oh... Are you perhaps the new Submarine-decchi?

'''Yuu''': ...

'''Goya''': (Crap! Looks like I need to speak German, but I don't know any german words at all...)

'''Yuu''': ?

'''Goya''': Guten Morgen!!!

'''Yuu''': Guten Morgen! Ich bin U-511, ''schönes treffen Sie... Wer könnte sie sein?'' (I am U-511, Nice meeting you... Who might you be?)

'''Goya''': Aaa...

Then the Admiral came... And Goya hid behinf the Admiral

'''Goya''': Admiral!!! I can't speak to her... She is weird-decchi.

'''Hiro''': Well, she is a german anyways... Well, I already prepared a bracelet which is also water proof... So Yuu... ''Bitte'' ''tragen Sie diese...'' (Please wear this...)

'''Yuu''': ''Ja...'' (Yes...)

''Yuu wore a bracelet-type translator and suddenly...''

'''Hiro''': try speaking again one more time?

'''Yuu''': Okay... I am U-511, I came from Germany. Nice meeting you...

'''Goya''': I am Goya-decchi, Nice meeting you too-decchi.

'''Yuu''': Decchi?

'''Goya''': Goya-decchi.

'''Hiro''': Guys, please do it inside after I interviewed her.

'''Goya''': Okay.

'''Yuu''': Admiral...

'''Hiro''': What is it?

'''Yuu''': Are there others like me?

'''Hiro''': If germans... well I have Z1 there, IF submarines... That girl you talked with is a submarine... But someone like you? None as of the moment...

'''Yuu''': I see...

'''Hiro''': let's go. I need to ask you some questions and after that you can talk to your trainer... Don't worry Decchi is a great sub.

'''Goya''': Admiral, my name is Goya-decchi.

'''Yuu''': Alright.

The Admiral escorted Yuu towards the office.

==A submarine's journal.==

===11/28/2015===

'''''- I arrived here at the Raven's base and I was somehow warmly welcome by a guy who looks like my big brother I left at home. I met Z1 along the way and I also met an Italian destroyer. I remember... The Admiral's secretary is nice and has great leadership skills. Comparing her to the admiral would only result that the admiral looks less of a leader than his secretary ship. I wonder, is he alright with that? oh. I am sleeping already. I can't wait to be taught by Decchi-sensei.'''''



===11/29/2015===

'''''- Decchi-sensei is a bit late from her work at Orel. I wonder why they hated that place so much. I asked the Admiral why they hate Orel, He chuckled and said that It was the only place where he can send submarines safely, that's why it was abused... I wonder if they are forced to work non-stop?'''''

'''''Anyways, I also met two girls where one has a very long blue hair and the other girl with slightly long dark blue hair. They congratulated me on being a new member of this small naval base. The beautiful one (Samidare) told me that if she has questions, never hesitate to ask the instructor, or the Admiral or the secretary or she herself. I wonder why I felt so ease talking to her... And also the other one who is a bit boyish (Suzukaze) asked me if I already ate breakfast, I answered her that I haven't eaten yet so the two asked me to come and join them for breakfast...'''''

'''''The two took me to the other building to where the Admiral is cooking Breakfast, He was preparing a egg rice (fried rice + egg) and sausages. He welcomed us and we sat at the big table made from the chunks of wood available around. Then a few minutes after few others enter and they also greeted me for being a new member of the family.'''''

'''''The Admiral finished cooking and now there are around 13 people at the table plus the Admiral so we made our prayers and ate to our fill...'''''



'''''A few hours after, Decchi came and she was exhausted from the whole run itself. The Admiral gave her and the team some of the food he has set aside for them to regain some of their energy that was lost in the battle.'''''

'''''in the afternoon, Decchi took me to the waters and we started training for what will I encounter if I started hitting the waters. Decchi told me that the Sonars can only be brought by Destroyers and Light cruisers and if they carry Sonars... expect them to carry some Depth charges too along the way. She also noted that battleships, standard carriers and heavy cruisers can't attack us and fellow subs seemed to know that they can't attack one another.'''''

'''''A few hours after, We grew tired and went back to the base to see the Admiral and the secretary are teasing one another and a few minutes after they kissed for a bit and then they went back to work.'''''

'''''I asked decchi if the Admiral is dating the pink hair secretary. Decchi answered me that he is dating her, but they haven't made an official statement as of the moment. She warned me to not get closer to the admiral or I will be devoured by a monster who is guarding the admiral. I asked Decchi who was the monster, Decchi didn't answer... She said that I need to find it out on my own.'''''

'''''The night came and I went to bed. By the way I have no roommate as of the moment. The Admiral said that once he gets a german carrier, She would be my roommate. I wonder if he was reffereing to Graf Zeppelin... Because she was the only one I could think of.'''''



===11/30/2015===

'''''I heard the news that Graf arrived...'''''

'''''The other ship-girls were busy gossiping on what does she looks like. Asides that only the campaign team, no one knows what she looked like.'''''



'''''I went to practice on my own and I saw the Admiral at the harbor looking at the sea... Somehow, I can feel that he is carrying something. Oh, I also saw a scar from his hand... I wonder how de did get that scar?'''''

'''''I dived a bit lower than the usual, but thanks to the fact that I am a submarine, the pressure didn't crushed me at all... I wonder if Decchi are like this too whenever they are meditating... I gather my mind and I let myself sink a bit more to the sea.'''''



'''''Afternoon came and I forgot to eat lunch... I went to the mess hall only to find that there was none left... A Aviation cruiser and a heavy cruiser came and asked if I ate soemthing. After telling them the truth, the two gave me tickets to a famous eatery around this area... Mamiya.'''''

'''''I went to see the eatery and saw that it was filled with people.'''''

'''''I sat and was greeted by the owner herself. I also saw a blond destroyer and her friends talking over a palte of spaghetti about the admiral. I immediately asked them if who was the monster that guards the Admrial. Nobody seemed to know who was that but Maikaze smiled a bit as if she knew who she was. I asked her one more time, but she said that there's no need for me to know who she is if I am not after the Admiral. I wonder why did she said that.'''''

'''''I went back to my seat and ordered sphagetti and some sausages. I saw Z1 and Libeccio talking to a grumpy destroyer who was a bit in a foul mood. I ignored them because my order has arrived.'''''


'''''Afternoon came and I saw Graf-san crying in the room. She saw me and embraced me as if she was being bullied inside the base. She didn't told me who bullied her but when I went out her name was posted as 'Coffee-chan'. I wonder who is the monster who made Graf-san cry.'''''

'''''Graf-san and I went to the mess hall that night and we had gotten our meal. The food was delicious but not as great from what I tasted from the Admrial and from Mamiya-san. I wonder if The Admiral cooks regularly. Oh well... then as I ate, Graf-san seemed to be at tears to taste wonderful food that is not German.'''''

'''''Graf-san was greeted by the carriers from the CarDiv 1 and challenged her to a eating contest, Graf-san declined but when the carriers called her 'nickname', Graf-san accepted their challenge.'''''

'''''In the end the pair won and Graf was devastated to see that Akagi alone ate the amount of food she ate (afterall, it was a 2 vs. 1 battle) and Kaga ate 1.2 times more of what Akagi ate. Graf-san suddenly changed her mood and she approached the Admiral and she challenged him to a duel. He declined because he is eating at the moment.'''''



'''''Later that night, Graf-san came to the room crying because she lost to a Ping-pong match against the Admiral.'''''



===12/01/15===

'''''Winter came faster than expected...'''''

'''''The base has pruchased Kotatsus and they are now currently in used. The office was equipped with Air conditioning so adjusting the temperature can do the trick... No Kotatsu was needed for that. I also saw our expedition destroyers adding an extra layer of clothing because winter is coming and they are prepped up to go.'''''

'''''I didn't changed my clothing... Probably, I was properly insulated by this clothing.'''''



'''''Nothing spectacular happened that day. Oh well... I better go to the library.'''''

'''''As I enter, I saw the glasses girl who is also a sub sitting over some pile of books.'''''

'''''I asked her if that's her hobby, she said that it was a privilage from the admiral that she can do this kind of duty. I wonder if they are somewhat close.'''''

'''''Decchi-san and the others came to the library and the Admiral came and greeted us submarines.'''''

'''''He donated some books to the library and the library is kinda filled to the brim. He said that once he finished contacting some people and a deal was done, he would be expanding the library soon. I wonder if he wanted us subs or rather all of the ship-girls learn knowledge since after the war, they'll be going to the real world... I believe.'''''

'''''The Admiral patted our heads and he thanks us for doing the small task he has assigned. He was happy that moment of time. At the same time, His secretary arrived and he left us to do some work.'''''

'''''I asked Hachi-san if He does that on a regular basis, she answered that though it was truly rare that he will go to the library to donate, He always thanked us for doing small tasks.'''''

'''''She lifted her glasses a bit and told me that I should just steer away from the Admiral whenever I think of him. She mentions that the monster will devour me.'''''

'''''As I walked I met the beautiful young lady once more and she was wearing a peculiar dress... it was fully red and the skirt was kinda short. I asked her what was the purpose of the custome, she said that it was a big secret. She dragged me inside of her office and we talked a lot after that.'''''



'''''Night came, I had my dinner... and the Admiral cooked for all of us and some of them have their eyes glitter more than the usual. Goya was also like that... It seems I missed something here. But it's fine.'''''

'''''I went to sleep and the day was over just like that. Graf-san slept earlier than the usual and she wrote a plan that can make her fight properly against the Admiral.'''''


==Graf Zeppelin attacks once more...==

'''Hiro''': Hmm...

'''Sazanami''': What is it master?

'''Hiro''': she is asking me to do a PVP fleet battle against her.

'''Sazanami''': For real!?

'''Hiro''': Well, since she was doubtful if she can beat me that requires brain, she must have thought of a perfect Idea. By the way, She had Akagi and Kaga's Backing. Souryuu was also dragged into this mess.

'''Sazanami''': what will you do?

'''Hiro''': Well... I should get Maya, The cranes, and Taihou. I also need to get Nagato for her to be trained and Musashi.

'''Sazanami''': Somehow, you are pushing her already to the cliff...

'''Hiro''': Okay. I will not use Musashi. But Maya will stay.

'''Sazanami''': Okay.



Graf Zepellin was feeling anxious to see that the admiral accepted her offer and she made sure that she will get the Aerial superiority for the others...

'''Graf''': Akagi-san, Kaga-san. Thanks for teaching me.

'''Akagi''': That's nothing. We need to teach our Cute Kouhai how to fight.

'''Kaga''': Well... Akagi helped you, I should also help you in the process.

'''Graf''': Thanks Senpai. Anyways, he is here... Hmm... what was that girl with the antenna doing?

'''Souryuu''': My goodness... He brought Maya-san all along? We are doomed.

'''Graf''': Maya? Who was that? We had Mutsu-san right and A battleship, We can cover for her and Kitakami-san for a pre-emptive torpedo strike.

'''Mutsu''': oh my... Nagato is on the other side.

'''Kitakami''': Kiso-cchi is there...

'''Hiro''': Since I am not a ship. I need to find a standard bearer... And I Pick Kiso for the kicks.

'''Kiso''': really!?

'''Hiro''': Go kick some butt. Just like the old times.

'''Kiso''': Alright Admiral.

'''Maya''': Admiral, Watch me decimate their planes.

'''Hiro''': I am worried about the cost of Bauxite after you shot the planes ,but shoot it anyways.

'''Maya''': Good.

'''Hiro''': Graf, You forget that since you are the flag-ship... So your formation is a diamond one.

'''Kitakami''': Wait!!! My torpedoes is almost useless...

'''Graf''': !?

'''Hiro''': Learn how to form a fleet before challenging me then...



And then after the Aerial combat phase; Akagi, Kaga, Souryuu and Graf lost all of their planes and didn't attack at all (lol). Mutsu and Kitakami was taken care of immediately. the carriers just sit there and was defeated immediately.



'''Hiro''': So Coffee-chan. That makes it 2 losses already, what was written in the letter will be effective. Is that alright?

'''Graf''': Yes...

'''Hiro''': Well, Next time... Please see to it that you must not put yourself as the lagship if you are a fleet of 6. Take it as my lesson to you.

'''Graf''': thanks.

'''Hiro''': Then, I have 6 favors now. I hope you would still challenge me to a fight.

'''Graf''': Uuu... Anyways. I will win this time.

'''Hiro''': That's the spirit.

The two shook hands and somehow, Graf knew that she truly belongs to the base more than she ever know.

'''Hiro''': I better leave. I need to see how much of our resources was drained by this senseless battle.

'''Graf''': Alright...

''The Admiral left the area and the rest gone towards to the Izakaya since it was getting dark already, From there... They are welcomed by Houshou-san who was waiting for their arrival.''



==In the eyes of a librarian.==

I witnessed the world as it unfolds inside of this little sanctuary of mine. Technically, This place really belonged to Samidare-san as this was a gift given by the Admiral for her. But I asked her to be a custodian or soemthing to guard the books and to read them too whenever I am not sent to the Orel cruise.

The Naval base is busy as always but I have regular customers inside of this library. Firstly, The quiet girl named Arare always had her place behind the 2nd row. and from there, she sleeps soundly. I tried waking her up but as I tried to approach her, I felt the same Aura I felt from the Admiral the time he went a bit berserk.

As a result, I just left her there to sleep. Kasumi went too recently to read some materials.. mostly cooking as she was trying to make a great meal for the Admiral. How Admirable... She didn't gave up on him.

Samidare comes her as custodian too whenever I am out so I think she does what I do when she has her hands free from her job. She reads mostly history books and a bit of books about romance. She must have been bored doing her work without someone talking to her. She was assigned as the Deputy secretary and she had a different room so she was there all along. Most of the time, Suzukaze joins her to talk about a lot of things, honestly, Suzukaze is smart and I was happy to have someone to have a conversation with.

Suzukaze also visits this library to read manga and some heavy books. I wonder how does she manages to understand those terms... It felt like something had to do with Chemistry or something. I really don't know.

Of course once in a while, the submarines gather to have a meeting and the library is closed for the day.

Once a month, the admiral and some few ship-girls booked the conference room inside the library to discuss something improtant... Form what I had heard, the Admiral has created a fan-club and he is letting Nagato handle it so that no one can point it to the Admiral himself... i wonder if it's the I ♥ Libe-tan fans club?

Yuu joined our assembly a few days ago and I can see that she is interested in the Admiral as a person. But I can't feel that she loves him... Perhaps, she is reminded of a person similar to the Admriral back at her home town. Hmm... She is so innocent that I don't want to taint her with the thoughts about something strange.

Iku joins me when she has time and she often asks me if I am enjoying reading books all day long, Honestly... I knew that she didn't like books that much. But I guess she just need to bond with me because we made some kind of a vow to the two of us to be at each other's reach.

Anyways, Sazanami-san also comes here to borrow some books. Mostly novels and some cooking books. Recently she has this aura that she does not posses that monstrosity that makes us quiver whenever we pass to that office. I think she is a tamed pet now.

Kumano rarely visits... Probably because she knew all the topics that was written in those books... I envy her honestly... But lately she visits the library too looking for... Hmm, I can't read the titles of the books she borrows. I think they are written in English...

Anyways, Now that the I am a bit busy since the Admiral is so busy getting Akizuki... Looks like When the campaign period ends, we will have to go fill the resource meter once more. Oh well... But I guess getting a lunch ticket is fine enough for us since we despised Kuro-san's cooking. Well, Zuikaku and Katsuragi really tries to cook but they are not yet in the best condition ever. Oh well.

By the way, I am currently training Kazagumo as my substitute Librarian. So far, she is good. Looks like my Orel Days will arrive soon. Better train her now.


==95/100==

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Sazanami''': Looks like we are filled to the brim too...

'''Hiro''': yup.

'''Sazanami''': How was the deal with the expansion?

'''Hiro''': No news yet... Looks like I need to act soon...

'''Sazanami''': Please do.

'''Hiro''': Alright.

'''Sazanami''': By the way...

'''Hiro''': What is it?

'''Sazanami''': Are you going to pursue Akizuki?

'''Hiro''': I might.

'''Sazanami''': Then I need to teach you a lesson or two...

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Sazanami''': Look at your notebook...

'''Hiro''': Hmm!?

The Admiral looked at his notebook to see Samidare and Sazanami's name were written into the date specified.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Sazanami''': Please treat us well... M-A-S-T-E-R-♥.

'''Hiro''': ...

Later that night... (I think I don't need to say what happened anyways...)


==Katori's worries and Kashima's uncertainty==

''Katori and Kashima are talking to one another in the cruiser's dorm about the Admiral himself.''

'''Katori''': So how's the naval base Kashima?

'''Kashima''': well... I guess It's not that bad at all... Oh, the Admiral is kinda charming, isn't that right nee-san?

'''Katori''': I think he is fine. Wait, Don't tell me you also think that I liked him too?

'''Kashima''': Isn't that obvious? Well, my dear older sister is so uncertain to her own feelings. Somehow, why do you hesitate about him anyways?

'''Katori''': I did say I do not like him that much to consider that thing as a possiblity at all.

'''Kashima''': Boo... You are just faking it anyways. By the way, the secretary-chan sure is keeping an eye on us.

'''Katori''': Well... I think she misunderstood me for a competitor.

'''Kashima''': Isn't that nice. She recognized you. Now I will have too...

''Kashima was grabbed by Katori...''




'''Kashima''': Nee-san?

'''Katori''': I will not allow anyone to hurt the happiness of Sazanami-san!!!

'''Kashima''': Wait!!! I am just teasing the Admiral... You don't need to Uwaaa...

then Katori performed a german suplex on Kashima

'''Katori''': ...

'''Kashima''': I give up...

''Kashima fell asleep...''

'''Katori''': My, what a pain already... I still need to discipline her... But ...  whenever I think of the Admiral... All I can see is that he is punishing me... Oh my! what am I even thinking of...

''And thus Katori is now concious on some small budding feelings she had inside.''

She sat down and watch a wrestling show over the TV as she munch the rice crackers she recieved from Maikaze.


==Omake:==

==='''''To the ones who had finished everything...'''''===


'''Hiro''': Hmm...

'''Samidare''': Admiral, what is the problem?

'''Hiro''': Well...

'''Samidare''': Are you perhaps mad because...

'''Hiro''': Not that event... I liked it... especially when...

'''Samidare''': please forget it...

''Samidare whacks the Admiral using almost of her force on it...''

'''Hiro''': Ouch!!!

'''Samidare''': Admiral, please don't say it... I am kinda embarassed...

'''Hiro''': Alright...

'''Samidare''': What are you looking at the internet?

'''Hiro''': Oh, some stories of the people who are not yet finished. I wonder how will they got their act together. well... say Samidare...

'''Samidare''': Hm?

'''Hiro''': Have you ever thought of not finishing this battle for once. Sazanami didn't mind if I didn't cleared it at all.

'''Samidare''': well... Sazanami-chan knows how you operate and she knows that if you can't clear it... she will not say ibecause you will clear it anyways. For me, I wanted to clear it because it lessens the salt you feel inside.

'''Hiro''': I see... So that's how you view it.

'''Samidare''': Yup. Well, why are we outside anyways. the air is chilly.

'''Hiro''': well...

''The Admiral gave his jacket to Samidare as an acto of keeping her warm.''

'''Samidare''': Admiral!?

'''Hiro''': Well... It's winter anyways, you better get changed or add a layer of clothing. Also, that santa dress of yours...

'''Samidare''': (o///o)

'''Hiro''': I wish you wear it during the small party for the 5 of us... just like the old days.

'''Samidare''': Alright.

the two watched the setting of the sun as they talk a bit more about the ongoing battles up ahead.

- end.
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]