==Untitled article Page==

The Admiral is loved and well loved by his ship-girls. But despite claiming that he likes them all equally, there will always be a selected few that are above than the rest.

I, Aoba will introduce you the people who are very close to the Admiral Raven's Heart.

==Battleship Division.==

So far, there are reports that there are few people who were personally close to the Admiral and the Admiral has somewhat have returned a bit of those feelings to them. So far, there is actually no Battleship who was registered in the ‘to-marry’ list of the Admiral.

1. '''Hiei'''<br />- I always wonder what the Admiral saw in this girl that he actually make some of his time to actually teach her how to cook. But thankfully, she managed to improve a lot based on the Admiral's effort. But The Admiral said one time that Hiei making curry is still a farfetched dream of hers. Kidding asides, Hiei is the only battleship who can converse with the Admiral without reserve at all due to the fact that they were more of akin to brothers when the two talk to one another. But, Hiei is a girl also at heart so she actually managed to score some points and made herself a person who will not lose in battle or love.

''"What I liked about the Admiral? It's because he is such a great cook. But honestly, I wish one day he can taste Hiei's special curry in which it was filled with every bits of my BURNING LOVE."'' - Hiei in my one and only interview before she gave me that curry of doom.



2. '''Kongou'''<br />- Contrary to popular belief that Kongou is not loved by the admiral, Kongou is actually one of the few ships the Admiral has recognized to be someone he can be with. Though at times, Kongou always pursue the thought of marriage inside of her head. She realized that it would be an impossible task to do since the Admiral has already looked on other. Kongou's fate and Marriage is still unknown up to this point. But the thing is... she will always there ready to say yes to the one she care and cherish.

''"Admiral, its fine for me to wait for you. Just remember that you should give me the ring too since... Uwaahhh!! Admiral hates me, isn't it!!!?” - ''Kongou throwing her tantrums on one occassion.
''"Admiral, I understand... My BURNING LOVE might be too much for you. But I am willing to burn eternally so that you can give me the ring. So please hurry, I might run out of fire."'' Kongou - another chance interview from Kongou



3. '''Yamashiro'''<br />- Rather than Yamashiro being in-love with our resident battle-hardened admiral, there is one person who was not swayed by his advances. Yamashiro-san at glance seems to be a bit scary of a person (since All I know is that she is a sis-con), but I later learned that Yamashiro might have actually opened her heart up to the Admiral after that one incident that made the Admiral eat some bad chocolate that came from Yamashiro. Anyways, Yamashiro seems to less hate the Admiral nowadays, now if only the Admiral didn't screw up big next time.

''"Liking the Admiral? You must be kidding!"'' - Yamashiro before getting her Kai Ni

"The Admiral? Oh we are both fine. Just as long as he will not lay his hand on nee-sama. Oh, If he lays his hand on me? I will think about it first."'' - Yamashiro after White day.''



4. '''Roma'''<br />- Roma is a special case since she was able to confess directly to the admiral and the Admiral managed to be okay with it. But in real life, Roma is not that near in her ideal that she can monopolize the Admiral all by herself. Roma has always been the least person the Admiral Visits due to the fact that Roma has been distancing herself unconsciously to the Admiral. Likely, Roma might find herself a chance to move forward and manage to stay with him.

''"The Admiral... I like him. But I think, only I think it that way. Uwahh... so embarrassing..."'' - Roma on Valentine’s Day


==Carrier Division.==

The Carriers were the lifeblood of the naval operations of the Admiral since they can rather decimate an enemy fleet with their overwhelming attacks. As of now, there are no carriers who have listed in the "to-marry" list of the Admiral.

1. '''Ryujou'''<br />- RJ's relationship with the Admiral has been comparable to Hiei and Admiral Raven's relationship with one another. RJ Didn't mind if she haven't receive the ring at all since she knew that the admiral loved others more than he love her. But deep inside of her heart, she is hoping that one day, the Admiral will bend his knee and make a proposal to her to get married provisionally.

''"It's fine if he didn't return it. But ya know... It will be nice if he treat me to Mamiya once in a while and have fun together since he is too stuck in his work and minding the whole naval affairs all by himself. Though Samidare-chan is blessing to us all, most of the problems can't be solved by her (Samidare) intervention. Sigh, I guess I need to help those Destroyer Kids too once in a while."'' - RJ on the interview on how can she help to make the incidents between ship-girls go below minimum.



2. '''Hiryuu'''<br />- Unlike RJ's case, Hiryuu is still being wooed by the Admiral since Hiryuu always mentioned her old Captain whenever she talks about things. Hiryuu, just in fact; she loves the Admiral, though she is prone in comparing the Admiral to her old captain, the Admiral felt that he is being compared too much to a person who made great things back then. But deep inside, Hiryuu wants to say that she really loves him but she can't say those words while the whole CarDiv 1, Souryuu and CarDiv 5 are all looking at them whenever they are together.

''"The Admiral? Well, though he is not as brave as Tamon-maru... wait, sorry for about that, let me rephrase it... The Admiral, I really like him since he is brave, smart and most of all charismatic guy. I wish he could give me that ring too."'' Hiryuu on the post event proper (she didn't participate in last winter 2016 event)


==Heavy Cruisers==

Heavy cruisers are ones who made the maps 3-5 and 4-5 viable to the admiral and now, the Admiral is happy making them a very powerful workforce. Currently, Kumano and Kinugasa are the only ones who are to be married provisionally to the Admiral.



1. '''Kinugasa'''<br />- Kinugasa is one of the people that the admiral called but only to work as a maintenance personnel. But it also happened that she was discovered to be a ship-girl by accident, she was enlisted as a ship-girl. Kinugasa is a beautiful girl who is responsible in managing the finances of both legal and not-so-legal funds of the naval base. Currently, she is promised to be brought out more to do some sorties in order for her to reach level 99. She didn't mind if she is not to be married (both provisionally and personally) to the Admiral, But she is determine to win his heart since it's has been her goal ever since they were young.

''"You see, the Admiral is a nice guy. But I also like that side when he is a mad man. Afterall, He didn't know that I am watching all of his fights wherever he went. But what worries me is that he might forget me once more. So in order for me to counter that threat... I will seduce him once in a while, and make him... (This part is cut due to the request of Sazanami-san)"'' - Kinugasa on her thoughts about the Admiral while she is drinking sake during the flower viewing.



2. '''Kumano'''<br />- Kumano is one of the most successful people who managed to win the heart of the Admiral. Though, despite her victory, Kumano wants to win the Admiral's heart and be married until eternity. Kumano is a young girl who was sent to the naval base in an assumption that she is a ship-girl (which turns out, she really is). The Admiral then made a plan to forcefully make her as a sister since there was a will stating that the Admiral should marry Kumano once the war is over but he somehow managed to make it null and void by some effort. Now, even though they are not bound by that said will, the Admiral likes Kumano so he decided to provisionally marry her too once she reach that point.

''"The Admiral... I really like it whenever the Admiral is scary. It makes me want to tame him more. Oh, sorry for my wordings."'' - Kumano on what do you think if the Admiral is a scary person.

''"Hiro-sama needs more of my love. I need to tie him down and ... (this part is cut due to Sazanami-san's request)"'' - Kumano on her thoughts about taking care of others.



3. '''Choukai'''<br />- Choukai is the one of the girls the Admiral has a trouble communicating with not because the Admiral is shy, but because it's the other way around. Choukai despite a monster in night battles (the true night naval battles) she is a timid girl due to the fact of her lesser confidence (but Haguro is the most timid of them all) which summed up to the fact that she is not much sortied back in the days. Choukai discreetly loves the Admiral and the Admiral acknowledge it to a degree that only the two knows. Choukai though still get tense whenever the two meet, later on her tension loosens up due to the appearance of the relaxing sidekicks of the Admiral. (Uzuki and Yayoi) Nowadays, she is okay being with the Admiral while they are casually talking, but Choukai still can't handle the pressure when someone others look at her talking to the Admiral.

''"The Admiral... I like him. Nowadays, I can talk to him easily. I guess being with him tenses me up and eases me up too."'' Choukai on what does she thinks about the admiral

''"At times... I want to... (This part is cut due to Maya's request)"'' - Choukai drunk during the Yozakura



4. '''Maya'''<br />- Maya is the Air Defense Princess of the Base (Just a joke fact). Anyways, Maya has been actively seen with Choukai and the Admiral whenever they decide to go out and have a meal in Houshou's Izakaya. Much to her dismay to Choukai's slow progress, she also hates her slow progress too. But she said it to me once that she needs to be on equal footing to Kinugasa in order for her to challenge her properly. As of the moment, she is the fleet's dedicated AACI Cruiser and she is proud in doing that job.



''"The Admiral? He sure is cool and nice. I want him and Choukai to... oh how about me? It's fine if we also get together and be married provisionally too..."'' ''Maya during White day.''



5. '''Mogami'''<br />- Mogami and the Admiral's relationship spanned longer than any normal Heavy cruiser would. And though the two seemed to be not in the stage that they are having such an affair of some sort, Mogami-san will always be a mystery to me as a person who has seen this base grow from zero. Mogami is indeed someone you can mistake her for a guy if you do not know the person herself. It says that there are currently 2 people in the whole naval base that can say that Mogami is indeed a girl (The Admiral and Samidare). Although Mogami is fine for staying like that, from time to time, we saw her cosplaying as some kind of oujo-sama and she will look herself at the mirror and make fun of herself saying "this isn't bad at all... looking like a girl." while she twirls her long wig. Anyways, based on some older residents here in this naval base, it seems that the two did seem to have a history and somewhat did night battles together. But since no one can actually clarify if it's the truth or just some old fairytale they make to make Mogami-san a girl at heart, something like knowing the truth will come no matter how hard you search for it.

''"The Admiral... Once in a while I get flustered whenever he tried to make me wear short skirts or make me wear the Destroyer's uniform. Eh, you asking me if I did that... Well... Quite often"'' - Mogami and her different side along with her hidden hobby with the Admiral (so Mogami is being treated as a dress-up doll?)



6. '''Zara'''<br />- Zara is one of the Ship-girls that the Admiral pampers too much in his free time. Though the Admiral has revealed to me that Zara is more of a little sister to him, I guess her reason for being a spoiled cruiser stemmed to the fact that the Admiral Raven treats her like a kid. Anyways, Zara said that she really looks up at the admiral as a big brother and she wanted to play with him though it makes her look awkward due to her age and physique. But she didn't mind it a bit.

''"I am happy when I am with the Admiral, though I only see him as being a brother figure of mine... Oh well, I guess The Admiral is the Admiral after all. Pola, I wish you are here with us and play with the Admiral."'' - Zara during flower viewing.


==Light Cruisers/Torpedo Cruisers==

Light Cruisers are the fewest ships inside the naval base due the fact that they are rarely used by the Admiral except for the following purposes:

*Expedition

*ASW Duty

*Night Battles

*Special capability (i.e. Abukuma for the ability to carry Daihatsu Landing craft for expeditions and Type-A Hyoteki for initial torpedo strike)

*As a requirement for Combined fleet (1 Light Cruiser is needed)

Other than that, they are spending most of the time training or doing other things.



1. '''Noshiro'''<br />- Noshiro is one of those girls who were too obvious in their actions regarding to the Admiral, though at times her actions seems to be go unnoticed, in real life, the Admiral knows everything whenever they meet. Noshiro harbors a small pain in her heart since the Admiral is not fully looking at her. She really didn't like the fact that she is only second to the mythical sister of theirs named Sakawa who is still somewhere along the open seas. But Noshiro will not give up in making the Admiral's hers and probably making naught... [This part is cut due to Noshiro's 'intervention'.]

''"About Noshiro... Honestly, I wish she would just let me get the Admiral instead, after all... I am better that her. Kirarin~!"'' Agano answering the question directed at Noshiro.

''"About me? Well, I guess it's fine that once in a while the Admiral would take his eyes away from the Destroyers and look at us Light Cruisers even just once in a while..."'' Noshiro making a comment why the Admiral is a DD-con.



2. '''Naka'''<br />- Contrary to popular belief, Naka is indeed has a crush on the Admiral on the time the two met a year ago while the Admiral is still searching for Sendai. Naka later on decided to become an idol so that she can be noticed by the person who had taken care of her. But, she loved the Admiral more when that one fateful summer day. She was sent as a bait by the Admiral in the first map of the limited time operations. Naka seems to have grown to be a bit different after that and she has awakened to a new... [This portion is cut due to Naka's 'smile']

Anyways, Naka along with Noshiro confessed their feelings to the Admiral one spring day after they cleaned managed to clean up after going to the hanami. As of now, the Admiral has accepted it, but the Admiral's answer is still deferred at to this point.

''"Naka is an idol to everyone... eh? What if the admiral confesses his feelings to me? Kyaa~!"'' Interview on Naka on her normal days whenever she is practicing in the dance room

''"About Naka... She is indeed an interesting person. I believe that she can become more of what she wanted... Wait, did you say a bride?"'' The Admiral Raven making a comment about Naka as her manager.



3. '''Sendai'''<br />- Sendai and the Admiral are more of brothers in combat rather than lovers. But nevertheless, they are pretty close to one another like they are indeed brothers at blood. Sendai nowadays, do wear frilly outfit due to Naka's influence on her dressing style. And it seems that the Admiral is liking her get-up too when Sendai is not busy. Anyways, it is unclear whether or not Sendai likes the Admiral or not. On the other hand, the Admiral expresses his interest in Sendai as a friend. (Dammit, it's hard to trace Sendai-san's movement due to the fact she always hides in the shadows.)

''"Sendai nee-san seems to be more girly nowadays. I am so happy that she is also wearing clothes a girl wear." ''Jintsuu on the matters surrounding Sendai's boyish attitude.

''"Nee-san sure likes to surprise me at times. But I swear that when she snatched the Admiral away from me, it will be war."'' Naka on her rare bold statement about her sister Sendai

''"So noisy... at night... we must get that night battle idiot..."'' Others who always complains whenever they want to sleep.

''"The night sure is nice... and Sendai-san is a person who loves the night..."'' Mikazuki speaking in behalf of those who are not affected by Sendai's night notification.



4. '''Jintsuu'''<br />- Jintsuu on the other hand is a timid girl too... but when the evening comes, she transforms into a silent warrior. Jintsuu at times is seen with her sisters talking to one another when they were having a girl talk and Jintsuu seems to be a bit knowledgeable on the matters... especially clothes. Normally, you wouldn't see her wearing her fancy frilly dresses at the base due to the fact that she is rather shy about it, but one time... she showed her wardrobe to yours truly and I was shocked to see clothes that I normally don't see, I see it inside Jintsuu's closet.

(P.S. Somehow, I felt that she is hiding something in that secret compartment, but I don't want to die yet so I will not pursue that matter.)

"Jintsuu is indeed very strict, even on herself. But when she is with the Admiral, she is like a different person indeed. I wonder if what is real and what is an act."'' - Sendai making a comment about Jintsuu''

''"I saw one time Jintsuu-nee wearing that ******* and she immediately tried to hit my head so that I can forget it. But luckily, I managed to run away and keep it with me. Oh no... (Naka run away as fast as she could after she saw Jintsuu emanating an aura comparable to the Light Cruiser Princess.)"'' Naka revealing Jintsuu's secrets

''"Jintsuu, I must say that she has this mask that she wears. Though the problem is I can't comprehend who is the real one? Oh well... I can expose it with one method... (The Admiral was whacked hard by Sazanami who was also listening to the whole conversation)"'' The Admiral Raven making a somewhat serious comment about Jintsuu's duality.

''"Jintsuu-san is always whenever we tease her and the Commander. But when the commander returns to the office, Jintsuu-san terrorizes us after that."'' Some Mutsuki-class DDs who decided to not reveal their real identity due to the fact that they work at the same expedition team.



5. '''Kiso'''<br />- Kiso on the other hand is a fascinating young girl. She is exuding an aura of awesomeness and at the same time, you can tease her like she is a weak girl. Anyways, Kiso's relation with the Admiral is somewhat one sided for the Admiral treats Kiso as a pal and a brother. Though Kiso seems to be aware that the Admiral will never ever returns the favor, she is okay with that since she can still do something about it and somehow, in the end... her efforts are all recognized in the end. Kiso likes being with the Admiral in the operations since the two can mimic one another in doing some weird poses or the pose that was borrowed from JoJo’s Bizarre Adventures.

''"Kisocchi sure works hard for the Admiral. Anyways, it's our job to support them."'' Kitakami saying her voice of support towards Kiso.

''"Kuma! ~, Nyaa! ~"'' her sisters who are quiet about the matter.

''"About Kiso-san? I was reminded that she once learned how to do the rumba. Though I still find it weird that she haven't danced it with someone. Oh!"'' - Maikaze saying something about Kiso's weird request


==Destroyers==

Destroyers are the lifeblood of the Operations of the naval base due to the fact that they are the ones who bring the resources back to the base via expeditions. Also there are also some Destroyers here who are focused on the combat aspects and others are still for training. Overall, if the Admiral has a time to spend with any ship-class, he will not hesitate to spend it to the destroyers partly because he is a lolicon at fault too. But also, the love of his life happens to be a young destroyer.



1. '''Sazanami'''<br />- as simple as it gets, Sazanami owns the Admiral 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. And the Admiral is also like that to Sazanami. The two has undeniably strong bonds of love, friendship and even rivalry for one another. Sazanami sees the Admiral more than just a guy who really loves her. But a guy who will become the father of her kids. Sazanami also looks at him like some kind of a knight (not the white one) who would save her in any instances possible. To all the Destroyers in his fleet. Sazanami is the only one who spend almost 80% of the Admiral's time (yeah even when the Admiral is asleep, she is with him.). You can figure how Sazanami managed to monopolize the Admiral to such an extent.

The reason why she is like that is because she is a girl with low self-esteem and thus a girl who is always envious of others. But lately, she never cared of her weaknesses due to the fact that she has started to accept herself and probably, the Admiral has advised her to be with others too from time to time. (And thus, creating a chance for others to make a move as well), Sazanami nowadays is not the strict girl for no good reason, but she is also a great mentor to those new ships that arrived. The Admiral even loved her more to see her great transformation and yeah, no need to tell you folks that they are engaging to nightly activities once in a while.

''"Master is indeed the best person for me, I am the sun that shines in his life and I plan to stay that way. From time to time, I got to see the dark side of his but I really do not mind it at all, as a matter of fact, I want to see that when we are... never mind. Anyways, I wish Master would lessen the time he spend with others so that he can monopolize me all he want."'' - Sazanami on how compatible are you with your lover.

''"Sazanami-san and the Admiral being together like they are fated lovers is a reality. Anyways, Sazanami-san nowadays has been spending time bonding with Ushio and some Destroyers that she is okay with (especially Samidare), she and the Admiral truly love one another like they are lovers from the day they were born. But my only concern is that she gets too greedy at time. How I wish she can give us a leeway so that we can also get the Admiral's attention."'' - Kinugasa on her comment of the Fleet Secretary and the Admiral being joined to the hip

"I am glad that Sazanami-san and the Admiral is going so strong! After all, I did wished and prayed for their love to bloom until eternity."'' - Samidare and her happy celebrations over the news of the two being lovers.''

''"Sazanami-san is indeed an awesome girl. For she is the sun that lights up the darkness of the Admiral. I also reminded of spring when Sazanami-san and the Admiral displays their affection to the public. At least nowadays, I can get to the admiral's side when the night falls; back then it’s difficult for them to separate from one another, even in ... oh!"'' - Mikazuki and her thoughts about Sazanami

''"That young girl deserves to be happy. Now then, time to make their real world wedding a reality."'' - Musashi and her voice of support towards Sazanami.



''"Sazanami is my spring that reminds me of how youthful we are and my sunlight that fills me with warmth whenever she shines. I am grateful that this girl is mine and I do plan in making her mine even if I have to go kill someone just to have her." - The admiral and his very straight message.''



2. '''Samidare'''<br />- Samidare is the Angel of the naval base. But, some of the ship-girls on this base knew she is keeping a cold and icy demeanor that freezes anyone who wronged her. The Admiral has stated that He will also Marry Samidare because he sees no reason not marrying her at all. And Sazanami who is rather always vocal about the other partners of the Admiral is actually considering Samidare to be a part of him (thus giving birth to the harem situation they are as of the moment). Only few witnessed how the Admiral and Samidare loved one another for they prefer to be a bit discreet than the rather too loud relationship of the admiral and Sazanami. Samidare has no ill will against the Admiral and Sazanami being together since she felt that she is inferior to Sazanami and she felt that she doesn't deserve the Admiral's love for her. But anyways, Sazanami opened up her doors to accommodate her in order for Samidare not to fall into the darkness.

As of now, Samidare is always seen with the Admiral and Sazanami eating together in the mess hall every day. Some people said that they also play UNO when they are together and some unconfirmed rumors tells me that the three are also doing it together when they felt like it. As of now, Samidare's been reserve has alluded me the right answers that I need to see how deep is her love for the Admiral.

"The Admiral and I being together alone is also a good possibility. But I don't want to hurt Sazanami-san so I might have to call her too so that she might not miss the fun. Oh, Sazanami is on a travel? Hmm... "'' - Samidare and her thoughts about her and the Admiral being alone in a room''

''"Samidare-chan needs to be strong for her sake. Also, I kinda wish that she and the Admiral find a time to make love to one another. Oh wait. This is out of the line for me." ''- Shiratsuyu and her thoughts about Samidare

''"Samidare will be fine. I know it since she is like me, but I turned out to be more energetic though. Anyways, I am more interested if Samidare-chan will be more aggressive so that she can get the Admiral too? Well, I will know soon enough."'' Suzukaze and her assurance for Samidare

''"Samidare scares us at times. But when she is with the Commander, we know that she feels the love from him. How we wish Sazanami-san is not the first girl."'' - Mutsuki and Kisaragi and their thoughts about Samidare

''"Samidare is indeed a kind hearted girl (even though she used to shoot me back then). I wish that she can get the Admiral away from Sazanami-san. Wait, I shouldn't be saying this right?"'' - Hiei and her rather unprecedented reply.

"Samidare is an ocean. I know that since I have seen her dance with the admiral. She reminds me of the ocean whenever I see her hair and eyes. And that alone reminds me that her love might be as deep and as wide as an ocean." ''Maikaze saying her thoughts about Samidare.''

''"Good luck I am also rooting for you in secret."'' Kazagumo who is rather too cautious on what to say.

''"Samidare indeed is still a mystery for me. She is my summer that brings down the heat and she is the sea that represents a possibility. Though I am truly sorry for letting her down, I want to make it up to her in the best way possible as her admiral and her... Anyways, why was that I can't marry a lot of girls in real life?"'' - The Admiral and his melancholy of not being able to marry many girls.





3. '''Maikaze'''<br />- there are many people who never knew that Maikaze is actually one of the people that the Admiral will marry in the future probably due to the fact that Maikaze is rather quiet on it and also because the Admiral hasn't said of this but only to Maikaze herself. (Which is why I am also surprised to hear that Maikaze is also included) Maikaze is known to be a great dancer and has a dance studio open inside the base to cater those who want to learn to dance. She is also helping Naka-san on her choreography and every night, the Admiral comes over to dance with her for an hour. The admiral didn't really mind being with Maikaze since he really liked her energy and at times, Maikaze also attempts to seduce the Admiral on her own ways via dance. But as far as what normal bystanders look at it, they looked like perfect partners in a dance number.

Maikaze seems to have been quite active in dancing nowadays that the admiral didn't mind her being busy at all. Though he haven't visited her in quite some time. The admiral made a point to call her once in a while to check on her and probably ask for some things too. As of now, it's is unknown to us all of how much Maikaze loves the Admiral. The Admiral has voiced the fact that he really loved her especially the way that she dance, so we must assume that it's somewhere near Samidare's level (and to make things worse, we really don't know much about Samidare).

''"If I am alone with the Admiral, we will dance until we go down together. What will we do after dancing? Isn't it obvious? We will dance again."'' - Maikaze who managed to dance the answer away.

''"Maikaze is indeed very secretive about this. But, All I know is that Maikaze is ... wait, I shouldn't be saying this..."'' Nowaki who blushed before she says what she was about to say.

''"Maikaze's love for the Admiral? This is new to me?"'' - Isokaze who looked surprised after she learns the truth about Maikaze as she is cooking something in a pot (we managed to know that she is cooking stew... but the color looks like black)

''"Maikaze and the Admiral when they start to dance captivates me and as a person who treats her as my student, I really can't say that I am enviou.. Wait why am I saying this?"'' - Katori who flustered after she said that she likes the Admiral too. [Edit: She tried to deny it just as always]

''"Maikaze is indeed a dance idiot. But the admiral loved her for being like that. I wish the Admiral love me once more. fufufu~!"'' - Yuugumo on her thoughts about Maikaze

''"Maikaze? Oh, she will be fine. She and the Admiral looked like couples too. But, I am more perfect for the Admiral."'' - Kazagumo and her provocative speech.

''"All I know is that once Maikaze started to dance with the Admiral, I can feel their love emanating from every step and move they make. Somehow, it reminds me of Arashi. Sigh"'' - Hagikaze and her rather dramatic explanation about the two.





4. '''Kazagumo'''<br />- Probably the only new destroyer that the admiral has shown his interest as of the moment. As of now, Kazagumo is rather busy doing some side works in the library from time to time since I-8 is busy doing the OREL cruise. Once in a while, Kazagumo appears in the Admiral's office to be a stand-in secretary when Sazanami is out for a bit. Despite her cool looks, she is a tsundere in the core. Though she is rather very reserve on it, she sometimes attacks the Admiral so that the admiral can be swayed but she is always had been beautifully countered by the admiral's tactics, and thus making Kazagumo sway and feel embarrassed.

Kazagumo is believed to be the next person who is open on their relationship with the Admiral since she said that she can't win when she hides from her enemies and thus making her and Sazanami clash from time to time. But deep inside, she doesn't want her relationship with the Admiral to be called a secret.

''"Me and the Admiral alone in the room in the middle of the night? hmm..."'' - Kazagumo fainted after thinking hard for whatever things her head is showing to her.

''"Kazagumo is a nice girl. I can assure that. Asides, I can definitely say this as her sister that she is the perfect wife material. Teehee~!"'' - Yuugumo and her rather bold advertisement on Kazagumo

''"Let me see... Kazagumo is still a young girl, though I am still envious of her since she is loved by the admiral to a degree that... eh, really?"'' - Hiryuu looks flustered as she realized that she said something in between the lines.

''"Kazagumo is indeed a great kid. Though I still haven't seen her or the DesDiv 10, I am quite shocked that they are actually complete here. Oh, she loves the Admiral and they are also lovers? I better tell Noshiro about this."'' - Yahagi on her thoughts about Kazagumo

''"Kazagumo indeed is a fun girl to watch. I will not say this but I have witnessed many times when she and the Admiral has bared their feelings for one another. Though As far As I can say, I can say that they are perfect for one another..."'' - Akigumo on her revelation about the depth of Kazagumo's relationship with the admiral. P.S. After that, Kazagumo who was carrying a scythe runs towards Akigumo's location.

''"About Kazagumo... Well, she is fun to tease with. Don't get me wrong. She really is fun. I really like her and her expression she makes when I am doing 'this' to her. Oh, what do you mean of 'this'? It's UNO, we play UNO for quite some time and she always lose. Hahahaha."'' - Admiral Raven and his rather misleading answers about Kazagumo.





5. '''Kasumi'''<br />- Kasumi has known the Admiral like just how everyone claims they also know him inside and out. The difference is that her knowledge about the Admiral she know back then and the Admiral now didn't make sense at all. Kasumi is indeed a growing girl but her seriousness is indeed something we can't laugh about. She is by far the most dedicated ship-girls the Admiral has and she is willing to prove to others that she is not a liability. So, she does that by being a great ship that they want her to be.

Kasumi who always been a tsundere at heart is actually opens up more and more to the Admiral as the time passes. It seems that the effect of giving her the pre-engagement ring is making her blunt tongue lose its edge. Anyways, the Admiral really cherished Kasumi and Kasumi thinks that way too. Now, if she is only a bit more honest on her own feelings by then... She can actually win this one.

''"The Commander... It's not that I really like him or some sort of being too familiar to him. I am just making him do all the things that pleases me... wait, what do you mean alone in the middle of the night inside of a close room? He will not do that! HE WILL NOT!!!... But... I want him... to..."'' - Kasumi getting the bi-polar reaction on a question

''"Kasumi-chan is indeed an interesting girl to tease. Asides, I will not give him my onii- I mean The Commander."'' -  Arare and her rational reply about Kasumi

''"Kasumi... She is indeed a nice girl. But now that I was reminded of it, I have to make sure that no wolves attack her in the middle of the night."'' - Arashio answering the question calmly while sharpening a kitchen knife.

''"I think Kasumi's leadership skill is already on par with Sazanami-san at to this point. Now all she needs to do is to be honest on herself."'' - Samidare making a comment about Kasumi

''"Anyways, it’ll be nice if she can at least be true to what she feels for Master. I do not like it when she verbally lashes Master, That job is under my jurisdiction."'' - Sazanami making a comment while returning some articles in the Archives.

''"Kasumi is a great person. I have faith in her that she can do many feats since she is a survivor. Now I wish she try to be more honest then..."'' - The Admiral making a comment about Kasumi.





6. '''Mikazuki'''<br />- Adding to the list is the girl who rarely show herself to others. Mikazuki's story is still a mystery for me since I have not witnessed how things between the Admiral and her have bloomed at all. According to Yayoi who was paying a close attention to the events around the Admiral; Mikazuki arrived one fateful day and the Admiral said that he might have fallen in love to Mikazuki (nice playing indeed). Anyways, the two spend time together every evening when the Admiral visits the rooftop to take a breath of fresh air, out of the blue Mikazuki will just sit on his lap and rest there for a couple of minutes. It said that the admiral as of now still hasn't done anything to Mikazuki (that is indeed nice of him), but he clearly stated that Mikazuki has been too much for him to handle and he might succumb to her charm.

Anyways Mikazuki is still a mystery due to the fact that she rarely smiles and most likely, she only smiles when the Admiral is with her which makes me wonder on what would happen when the Admiral has to do something. Oh well, I guess I will leave that to them.

''"I am indeed very grateful that the commander takes care of me more that he cares for Uzuki and Yayoi. Though at times, the two seems to go jealous of me hogging the commander's attention for them. Anyways, If I am alone with the commander... I wish he could just make me a woman already."'' - Mikazuki answering the question with no hint of embarrassment in her face.

''"No fair... Mikazumi is making us lose our cuteness."'' - Uzuki throwing her tantrums

''"Mikazuki... She is unfair for taking the commander away from us."'' - Yayoi silently mumbles he complaints

''"Oh about Mikazuki? She is indeed a nice girl. Eh, she was a favored partner of the Admiral? Eh!?"'' - Jintsuu who was shocked to learn that Mikazuki is indeed engaged to the Admiral

''"As her big sister, I am so proud and jealous of Mikazuki. But it's fine. I will just seductively take the Commander away from everyone."'' - Kisaragi making her comment while she is combing her hair.

''"Mikazuki-san is indeed a nice girl. I want to cuddle her too. The problem is that I feel that her way of thinking is too mature for her age."'' - Samidare making a comment about Mikazuki

''"Mikazuki? Oh the new girl who always sits on Master's lap whenever she visits. I am fine with it, though what makes me tick a bit is that she is actually seducing Master with her youthful charm. Master though is not making a big deal out of it. She should be fine. Mikazuki hasn't seen the beast inside of him."'' - Sazanami makes a comment while she is busy doing the paperwork

''"Hmm... I like it how her long black hair flows, though the problem is that she is too clingy in most standards. Anyways, Mikazuki is indeed a beautiful flower waiting to bloom." ''- The Admiral raven making a comment about Mikazuki





7.''' Yayoi and Uzuki'''<br />- The pair is so loved the Admiral and also loved by the Admiral that most people thought that they were somewhat in an affair too. The good news is that they are not in an affair. The bad news is, they are almost a step away in becoming his real adopted sisters.

Yayoi and Uzuki comes hand in hand and they are somewhat a unit to be considered at. But Uzuki happens to be the more favored since she can vocally say what she feels. Yayoi's case is a bit different, she is treated gently by the Admiral since she is not too vocal about it and she has a stiff face to begin with. Currently, Yayoi is in a smile therapy and Uzuki is helping her smile more.

''"We really want the commander to play with us more. But whenever he has work to do... we really can't play that much. But he never ever forgets his promise to play with us no matter how busy he is. Oh, if we really like him? Of course we do!!! We followed him here because we really like him a lot."'' - Uzuki voicing out hers’ and Yayoi's thoughts about the Admiral

''"Yayoi and Uzuki is a blessing to this base. Now I have more motivation than ever."'' - Nagato being a Nagamon

''"Honestly, if these two were our opponents in Master's affection, we would all lose against them."'' - Sazanami making a comment against the two.

''"Uzuki and Yayoi reminds me of how much I missed Arashi... sigh" ''- Hagikaze making a comment on based on the two

''"Uzuki and Yayoi are the ones who upholds the peace of this naval base in the most revolutionary matter. when there is a fight breaking out from a misunderstanding, the two would beg us that we should stop fighting and then along with that they will try to capture your heart by making you look at their puppy eyes... ah, that is so effective that no one managed to remain the same after seeing them beg for you." ''- Kitakami makes a comment for the two.

''"Ahh... Those two... I will..."'' - Ooi looked so black after saying that comment. [Later on, Ooi was caught by the Admiral before she can inflict harm on the innocent kids.]

''"Uzuki and Yayoi are both my treasure. I can call them my little sisters too if the petition was made. But for now, as their guardian, No harm shall befall on these two cute girls."'' - The Admiral cuddles the two while he is neutralizing Ooi.


==Submarines==


The Admiral is so fond of his Submarine team that he is actually considering marrying them all.

[There is no list since I can't interview them at all and it's pretty obvious that all subs is a given.]


==Auxiliaries.==

The few people who actually make up the Auxiliaries were one wat or the other likes the Admiral. and all of them do a specific task based on their abilities.



1. '''Taigei'''<br />- Taigei is probably the only auxiliary that was given the right to be asked if she wanted to be remodeled or not. (Most of the time, the Admiral will remodel the ships based to his needs) Taigei didn't mind it at all for she was unsure if she can be able to help the Admiral to the way he wants her to perform. Anyways, Taigei and the Admiral were seen having small talks once in a while but all of those talks were regarding to the submarines which made me doubt if Taigei has something for the Admiral or she is just doing her job as a dorm manager.

But the Admiral told me once that Taigei is indeed a good drom manager but once in a while he was also asked on what kinds of food does the Admiral likes, and etc. Indeed, without a doubt, there might be something about the Admiral and Taigei. (Or might be none)

''"The Admiral and I are just good buddies. Well, I hope I can clarify on that matters once and for all. Eh, what if the Admiral sends me flowers? Well..."''  - Taigei blushes after I (Aoba) said a flat lie out of nowhere.

"Mama Taigei's cooking is on-par with Mamiya-san. But we feel so scared that she might neglect us once she continues to see the Admiral."''  - I-58 on her worries on their dorm manager.''

"I am still waiting for the day that she can be remodeled and become a light carrier. But for now, I will have the liberty to let her decide on her own fate."'' - The Admiral making a serious face while answering the question.''


2. '''Akashi'''<br />- Akashi has been with the Admiral since time immemorial (Not really), but the thing that fascinates me is that Akashi's friendship with the Admiral has never reach out of bounds at all. But considering the fact that Akashi is still a girl, she might have been keeping something inside of her delicate heart.

Kidding asides, Akashi and the Admiral were like partners in crime especially making prototype weapons and some experimental weapons (made for humans) to deal with the growing threat of the abyssal. She and the good admiral has made a lot of prototype weapons to date and the Admiral heavily favors her creation of a shield-blade that can use as an offensive weapon and a shield. His next favorite is a blade which was made from abyssal armor.

''"The Admiral has been giving me impossible task once in a while, but nothing is impossible for me since I am the Arsenal goddess."'' - Akashi evades the question regarding the Admiral.

''"Akashi-san is so secretive about everything, but then I saw tons of pictures of Hiro-san; I mean the Admiral which was organized and arranged in a wall inside of her room, it was a sight to behold. Heheheh."'' - Yuubari letting the cat loose with her revelation.

''"Akashi has been friends with Hiro-san, I mean the Admiral before he even met Sazanami-chan. though I know Kinugasa-san has known of our existence back then... Wait, I shouldn't be telling our story like this. Oh well, on thing is for sure. Akashi-san is set on getting what she wants."'' - Ooyodo fixes her glasses after saying a comment about Akashi.

''"Akashi is a nice girl. I played with her along with Ooyodo back in the days. Though I know that Akashi might be a special person, it turned out that she is indeed a ship-girl. Oh well, I guess I tend to attract Ship-girls a lot back in the days."'' - The Admiral laughed about the severity of the situation that is soon unfolding behind him.


===|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|===

''Anyways, one thing is clear... He has promised too many people.<br />Kidding asides, these were the people who might be close to his heart, if there are some complaints, you can send a letter to the Newsroom. I can reply to that immediately.''


====Announcement:====

Now with Akigumo is working with me as a reporter too... we will do our best to deliver the best news to you all.

'''- End'''
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]