<p style="text-align: center;">''Normally, the Admiral is always seen with his usual partners. And most of the time, you only got to see the side where the Admiral loves X and X loves the Admiral. These stories however, are the stories of those who are the rather strange affinity with the Admiral.''</p>

==Admiral and Ooi==

Ooi has a bad History with the Admiral. So bad that whenever they meet, it is sure that there will be a battle between them.

But one day, Kitakami devised a plan that made Ooi open up to the Admiral. So now, whenever they meet... There isn't much a battle between them.



One day, on a hot summer day, the two met in the corridor.

Ooi: ... (Damn, why is he here now? Oh well.)

Hiro: Yo Ooi. Are you visiting Kitakami?

Ooi: Yes Admiral. Anyways...

Hiro: I see. Well, I better not keep you hanging here, you can go there.

Ooi: Alright (I guess he understands it.)

And so the two passed each other.

But Ooi turned back and calls the Admiral who was about to turn to his office

Ooi: Admiral, Can I talk with you later?

Hiro: Hmm... I guess I can set some time. How about 9 in the evening?

Ooi: Alright. I will be waiting.

Ooi went on her way to Kitakami's room.

<p style="text-align: center;">|---|</p>

The night came.

Ooi walks slowly towards the rooftop to look at the stars. Currently, the sky is clear as there are no weather disturbances around the area.

Soon after, Ooi sits on the bench enjoying a can of cold coffee which she bought a while ago.

Ooi: The stars are bright tonight.

Soon after, she heard footsteps that were originating behind her.

The source of the footsteps coming from a guy who was carrying a bottle of tea.

Hiro: Yo Ooi. Did you wait for me? Oh wait... I might have been too friendly with you.

Ooi: I don't mind. After all, you are still my superior and someone I have to respect. But, for now... You are here as someone I can talk too. After all, there are things I can't say to Kitakami-san or to my sisters. Plus I have no friends outside of that. Abukuma is more of my rival...

Hiro: So you consider Abukuma as someone you can fight with. Then she is your friend too.

Ooi: You are not funny at all Hiro-san.

Hiro: Hey, are you using my name as a way of insulting me?

Ooi: Well, I can use your title at any times, but it's a bother. Your name is easier to say.

Hiro: Whatever. So what is the reason of you calling me?

Ooi: Well...

Hiro: Hmm... Ooi, are you perhaps going to ask me if it's alright for me to let you two do that act?

Ooi: I do want to do it with her. But Kitakami-san is just a bit... strange.

Hiro: What do you mean? Not that she is not a strange girl anyways.

Ooi: She clearly draws a boundary between our friendship and something that is beyond that.

Hiro: I see... Well Ooi, I want to ask you something... May I ask you that?

Ooi: alright.

Hiro: Is it love that you feel for Kitakami? Or Is it...

Ooi kept quiet after she heard that question.



Hiro: Well, I guess you can't answer that for now.

Ooi nodded in agreement.

Hiro: Well. Kitakami is someone who is quite dreamy of a girl too. I believe that she wants to have a normal relationship with someone of a different gender since it was her own agenda. Her purpose to love.

Ooi: I see... Maybe, Kitakami-san is unable to deny me and at the same time...

There are tears flowing down on Ooi's face.

Ooi: Unfair. I love her. I want to be with her. But why can’t she love me back. I did everything in my power to love me. I even tried to be friends with that noisy Abukuma, I did consider not fighting you... and yet, and yet... why is she tormenting me?

Hiro: Love is sometimes painful. We all undergo that cycle.

The Admiral pats Ooi's head.

Ooi: But I haven't seen you in pain...

Hiro: That is because I don't show it. But believe me, I was once in pain like you. I grew frustrated on things that I can't get. I was on a verge of giving up. But in the end, I hold on like an idiot and somehow, things went for the better.

Ooi: So should I hold on?

Hiro: I don't know. If it's worth it. Then you can. But if it's not totally worth the pain. I can say that you must let go of your hand. Because, the longer you hold on, the more pain you get.

Ooi: I see. So it all boils down to this. I understand. I will not give up. Because Kitakami-san belongs to me. And if she ever finds her love of her life... I will not go down without a fight!

Hiro: I see. Good for you.

The Admiral pats Ooi's head.

Ooi: Hiro-san, you like patting my head this much?

Hiro: Well... it's a habit of mine.

Ooi: Well, I don't mind.

Hiro: Alright.

Ooi: By the way, are you still going to be awake later?

Hiro: I do. And judging from the coffee you hold right now... I assume you plan on staying up too.

Ooi: That is right.

After Ooi Answered the Admiral's question, there was silence that filled the place.



Soon after, Ooi moves away from the Admiral.

Ooi: It can't be... Could it be?

Hiro: Wait Ooi, What are you thinking?

Ooi: I see... so you plan on taking advantage of my loneliness and do something to my body when I let my guard down.

Hiro: Wait Ooi. There is something wrong with your train of thought.

Ooi: I knew it. Just as what Kitakami-san has warned me, he looks at everyone with lustful eyes.

Hiro: I do admit that your body is quite okay to me. But no way in hell I will do something to you.

Ooi: What!? So I am unattractive to you!?

Hiro: yes. And as a matter of fact, you are quite a beauty yourself... but your lesbian tendencies is quite a turn-off. If you are willing to pursue Kitakami, go ahead and soon I will see you crying once more.

Ooi: Grr!

Hiro: Anyways, I better stop this non-sense anyways.

Ooi: !!!

Hiro: Anyways, I got to go. I still have to do my patrols. Ooi, take care of yourself, will ya? You are beautiful, that I can assure of.

Ooi: Eh!?

The Admiral walks backs into the darkness to where he originated.

Ooi: Hiro-san is quite a smooth talker... Oh well... I can pretend that I still hate him. Time to make some plans. Watch me Kitakami-san, I will surely win your heart!

And Ooi goes back to the darkness of the naval base.


==Nowaki and Admiral==

Nowaki has always watch Maikaze dance with the Admiral. Nowaki has always been watching the two of them dance until they grew tired.

Nowaki has loved Maikaze to a point that she is willing to love her unconditionally... a relationship that goes beyond friendship. Something that is considered as a taboo.

But, Nowaki already knows that Maikaze has already reserved her heart to her only dance partner on the floor. And that person is also the Admiral of the naval base.

But one day, Maikaze called in sick. Which left Nowaki and the Admiral alone in the dance room.

Hiro: ... (How should I communicate?)

Nowaki: ... (What should I say?)

The two stare at one another as they try to understand their thoughts.

Soon, the door opens and Maikaze, who has a cold; enters and is continuously swaying left and right.

Maikaze: Admiral. I am here. We can... huh? There are two of you?

Maikaze realized that she is currently falling down to her sickness.

But soon after, Maikaze was caught by the Admiral who moved from his place to the place where Maikaze falls in a second.

Hiro: You are pushing too hard Maikaze. I shall escort you back to your room and promise me to rest for the night so that we can dance tomorrow.

Maikaze: Alright. I will.

Hiro: Nowaki, please escort us to your room. You are her roommate right?

Nowaki who was still on a daze was caught off guard.

Nowaki: Oh. Right.

And so Nowaki escorted the two towards her room.

<p style="text-align: center;">|---|</p>

After the Admiral put Maikaze to her bed and exits the room, Nowaki who also came out with him, bowed and thank the Admiral.

Nowaki: Thanks for helping Mai out.

Hiro: It's my duty anyways. Nowaki, this is the first time that we talk with one another right?

Nowaki: True.

Hiro: I see. Well, shall I treat you to dinner? After all, we it's quite late already.

Nowaki: Alright. It's your treat right?

Hiro: True.

And so the two went towards the mess hall. But there was no food available at this point of time.

And so, they decided to go out of the building to visit Houshou's Izakaya which is just adjacent of the building.



And soon, the two entered the said Izakaya.

Houshou: Welcome Hiro-san. Oh! It’s not Sazanami-san this time. Can I take your orders?

Hiro: Hmm... I guess Ramen should do. Nowaki wants her Salisbury steak.

Houshou: This is not a Ramen stand. Anyways, I guess you can try my newest dish.

Hiro: What is it?

Houshou: Ramen~.

Hiro: ... (I guess that is the new recipe she was making.)

Houshou: Anyways, Please wait for 15 minutes. I am still doing things from scratch.

Hiro: Alright. Anyways, give us ice tea.

Houshou: Alright.

Soon after the two were sitting side by side as they wait for their food to arrive.

Nowaki: You seem to be quite used to be here.

Hiro: Well, it's a place to where adults hang out. This is not a place to where girls like you should go. After all, you are quite young; right?

Nowaki: But I heard that Sazanami-san comes here with you right?

Hiro: Yup. Despite what she looks, Believe it or not, we are both the same age. We always have an argument pertaining to that. Well, she looks so cute whenever she pouts.

Nowaki: I can't tell if you love teasing her or...

Hiro: Well, Sazanami is a different person altogether. More of... the ideal woman for me.

Nowaki: I see. Say, how do you feel about Mai?

Hiro: Maikaze is someone who brings sunshine to my life. Though her smile is something I can't live without.

Nowaki: I see. So, do you love Mai?

Hiro: I love Maikaze. I guess I can call it love. Let me ask you something too Nowaki, since I can get what you want to know, Is that fine with you?

Nowaki: Alright.

Hiro: Do you love Maikaze, in a way that you are not seeing her as a friend?

Nowaki: Eh? How?

Hiro: I can see it from your eyes... You are quite a devoted one, you are jealous to me whenever I hold Maikaze. You can't deny that fact.

Nowaki: That's true...

Hiro: See. I think I can understand what you feel already.

Nowaki: ...

Houshou came with the ice tea the Admiral order.

Houshou: Hiro-san, There is no way that you can know someone's heart and feelings.

Hiro: Really? Why is that?

Houshou: Because a girl's heart is a complex thing. No one can fully understand its contents.

Hiro: I see... But what if I can?

Houshou: Then I guess you can get all the girls you want then. But then, I believe that there are a lot of people you haven't really looked into it.

Hiro: ...

Nowaki: Umm... Houshou-san, thanks for...

Houshou: I didn't do it for you. I just want to set this young man's naive thinking into order. After all, he is like a son to me. I want him to walk the proper path.

Hiro: Thanks Houshou-san. Anyways... is our food ready?

Houshou: Wait a bit. I am still doing the finishing touches.

Hiro: Alright.

Nowaki looked at how the two converse.

Soon after, there are a lot of people enter the Izakaya.

Nowaki covers her face as she turns her back to the entrance.

Soon after, the order that the Admiral made arrived. And they both ate the food they receive.



Soon after, the two said their goodbyes to Houshou and they walk back to the building.

Nowaki: Thanks for treating me to dinner.

Hiro: You are welcome. Anyways, I must say that since Maikaze is quite sick at the moment, you can sleep at her side to look at her. Of course I can authorize you to do that.

Nowaki: Really!?

Hiro: Well... If Mai allowed you to do that.

Nowaki: I see...

Hiro: Anyways, this is where we should part. See you tomorrow then.

Nowaki: Alright.

And so the two parted their way as they enter the naval base.



The next evening, Maikaze recovers and is currently pouting at the admiral for not treating her to dinner.



==Admiral and Haruna (summer edition)==

Admiral enters the Room to where the Kongou Sisters were staying. At the moment, the Admiral is currently looking for Hiei... but he was surprised to see the person who is currently inside the room.

Hiro: Hiei, Are you here... Oh, It's Haruna.

Haruna: Oh Admiral. By the way, Hiei-neesan is outside already.

Hiro: Alright... Hmm? What is it?

Haruna grabs the Admiral's sleeve and is fidgeting at the moment.

Haruna: Admiral... How do I look?

The Admiral looked at her from head to foot as he examines the current wardrobe Haruna wears.

Hiro: So modest. Say Haruna, did you buy that?

Haruna: I did.

Hiro: I see... well, I better go and fetch Hiei. She can be a pain if I don't attend...

Soon after Haruna pushes the Admiral to the wall, Haruna has broken the Admiral's shoulder by the force of her push.

Hiro: Haruna... Ow, that hurts. What is the meaning of this?

Haruna: I don't know...

Hiro: Let me go. I have to go somewhere else.

Haruna: I can't!!! I will not let you go!!!

Hiro: So tell me why? My shoulder seems to be broken...

Haruna: Please praise me. Please take care of me too. I want to be spoiled by you. I want to taste your lips too just like when you have tasted Hiei-neesan's lips on that night where you two are alone. I want to feel what it feels to be loved by the one I cared the most. Admiral... Please, succumb to these selfish requests of mine.

As Haruna pushes the Admiral on the wall, the Admiral's expression changes a bit.

Haruna: Admiral. It's unfair. I love you, I long for you, I care for you, and you are basically my world. I can take care of you... But why!? Why can you only look at Hiei-neesan as if she has already captured your heart? I know that Hiei-neesan has won you for some reason, but I can't understand why I can't get that same attention you give to Hiei-neesan. Admiral, tell me what I lack?

Hiro: Because... I simply like Hiei. There is no more space in my heart that can accommodate you.

Haruna: Then make some reservations to me!? Love me too! Want me too! I want you to turn me into someone that you can love too!

Hiro: Sorry Haruna. Even though I do like all 4 of you. Hiei has been the closest to me despite her being the last one to arrive. I am looking at you as someone I can be close with... as a friend. Sorry Haruna, I can only be your friend. But, if I ever have a change of heart... Then, I will tell you myself. Maybe I can give way to that change.

Haruna: really?

Hiro: That, I cannot promise for that thing to happen. But are you willing to wait?

Haruna bit her lips as she realizes that the Admiral can't love her back. As soon as she realizes the fact, she nodded in agreement.

Hiro: I see. Can you now let go of me? My Shoulder is somewhat broken. Ow...

Haruna: Sorry. Anyways, Admiral... How do I look?

Hiro: You look beautiful. That is true.

Haruna: I see... Thanks.

Hiro: I better take my leave then.

Haruna: Take care!


===Aftermath===


The Admiral exits the room and he walks towards his room. But before he arrive to his room, he stopped and called out a person which was hiding from the scenes.

Hiro: Hiei, Are you here? Show yourself!

Emerging from the shadows, Hiei appears along with Sendai who was currently restraining her.

Sendai: She came running when she saw you, but I restrained her since things might complicated if she intervened.

Hiro: Thanks Sendai. You can go back now.

Sendai vanishes along the shadows.

Hiei: ...

Hiro: Are you ok?

Hiei: That should be my line... Admiral.

Hiro: Sorry. I was a bit careless when I dealt with Haruna.

Hiei: I understand... So does it hurts?

Hiro: It is. My shoulder hurts like heck. Can you stay with me for a bit?

Hiei: Alright. Anyways, will that heart of yours change after a few years?

Hiro: Who knows? I might or might not since I can't determine the future.

Hiei: I see... so, is it true that you really like me?

Hiro: Yes. I really like you.

Hiei: I see. Thanks Admiral.

Hiei embraces the Admiral as she heard those words.

Hiro: Hiei, It hurts...

The Admiral can only keep the pain to himself as he lets Hiei hug him tight like a bear.<br />



==The Admiral and Hiryuu==

In the archery range, the Admiral currently looks at the training of the people there.

Hiro: Well then... Looks like the Carriers are quite in good shape as always... Hmm?

As soon as the Admiral has finished looking at the roster, he was greeted by Hiryuu who is currently finished with the training.

Hiryuu: Hi Admiral. Looks like you are quite busy nowadays.

Hiro: Of course, I should be.

Hiryuu: Indeed. Anyways, have you checked our accuracy?

Hiro: I did. Somehow, you girls are quite strong.

Hiryuu: Of course! After all, Tamon-maru will get mad if I am not that strong.

Hiro: ...

Hiryuu: Anyways, Do you think I am capable enough to become Tamon-maru's pride?

Hiro: I don't know. But you are quite strong yourself.

Hiryuu: I see. Say Admiral, Ryuujou-chan visits here from time to time and it seems that she is quite good at archery too. Damn, despite her looks, she is on par with Houshou-san.

Hiro: Well, they are quite buddies. RJ and Houshou that is. Anyways, are you finished with your training?

Hiryuu: Yup. I am still waiting for Souryuu though. She is quite a slow one.

Hiro: Hmm... Anyways...

Then a voice came out of nowhere, calling Hiryuu.

Souryuu: Hiryuu, Sorry for the wait!

Hiryuu: So slow!

Souryuu: Sorry about that. Oh Admiral, are you here to talk to Hiryuu?

Hiro: Sadly, Hiryuu initiated the talk first.

Souryuu: I see. Anyways, you know what Admiral... Hiryuu here is quite a girl. She was quite inspired a while ago.

Hiro: Really? Wait, what do you mean with inspired?

Souryuu: Well... She wants to...

Before Souryuu can say what she wants to say, her mouth was covered by Hiryuu.

Hiro: Souryuu? Hiryuu, what are you doing?

Hiryuu: Nothing. Anyways, Hiryuu is just saying nonsense. Don't mind her. Ow!

Souryuu bites Hiryuu's hand.

Souryuu: Admiral, Hiryuu here really wants to impress you.

Hiro: Oh.

Hiryuu who didn't managed to silence Souryuu blushes as she hears what Souryuu said to the Admiral. Soon after, she started to deny Souryuu's claim.

Hiryuu: That is not true! Please believe me Admiral!

Hiro: (Ah, she is flustered) Alright.

Hiryuu: What do you mean 'Alright'?

Souryuu: Anyways, We better go. Anyways, call us when you need a hand.

Hiro: Alright.

Souryuu and Hiryuu left the Admiral behind and they went towards the cafeteria.


===Before the meeting===

Souryuu watches Hiryuu as she hits the targets from a distance.

Hiryuu on the other hand focuses as she looks ahead of her a target that she wants to hit.

From that moment, she took a deep breath and she judge the timing of her release. As soon as she counts 3 from her mind, she released the arrow and it hits the target from a distance.

Hiryuu: Phew. I thought I will miss.

Souryuu: Good work. Anyways, it seems that you are quite doing well. Is there a reason why you are improving? I am quite stuck with my 98% accuracy.

Hiryuu: Well... I want to make Tamon-maru proud.

Souryuu: Eeh? But Tamon-maru is no longer here in this world. Well, Asides from Tamon-maru, who was it that person? Well, I can only guess one person.

Hiryuu: Well, name it.

Souryuu: Admiral Raven.

Hiryuu: BzzT!!! Of course not him! (Damn it, why did she guessed it on one try?)

Souryuu: Oh. Am I wrong? Kuro-san seems to be fixated on The Cranes and we really don't see him at all. Asides from that the Old man is quite a knowledgeable person, but I doubt you would like an old geezer.

Hiryuu: True enough. But not the Admiral. He is not...

Souryuu: Don't deny it. I saw your precious collections. I saw the photo album that contained pictures of the Admiral.

Hiryuu: Wha!? How did you...

Souryuu: We are quite close to one another remember? Asides, I know that you are always get flustered when you see him. Right? Hiryuu, I took my eyes out of you for a minute and then you became a lady in-love.

Hiryuu: Souryuu...

Souryuu: Well, let me tell you something good. I will not interfere with you if you can open a conversation with her if you can hide that flustered look on your face got it?

Hiryuu: I see...

Souryuu: By the way, He is here right now. You can talk to him.

Hiryuu: Eh!!!?

Souryuu: I see... I want to see the result. Good luck to you.

Hiryuu was pushed by Souryuu towards the direction to where the Admiral is.

Souryuu: (Now then, if Hiryuu managed to eliminate that 'Tamon-maru' stigma... I guess she can open up to love others. But then... what would be of me if the Admiral falls for her?)


==End Credits: Admiral and ???==

In a far, far away place... There was one person who yearns for that certain presence.

xxx: Admiral! Ah, I wonder thee if I can meet him!?

Zero: So you really like that person. Say Air Defense Princess, What is so special about him?

AD Hime: Well, he is the only one that managed to sink me 4 times... Ah, I really love the way he looked at me with those murderous eyes. Kyaa~!

Zero: I see... Anyways, have you ever thought of transforming?

AD Hime: Hmm... I can. But, I really don't know if I can do it.

Zero: Well, I can teach you... but you need to provide a disguise.

AD Hime: I see...

And soon the plan commences.



At the beach side, the Admiral is currently reading a book in the shore when he was greeted by Teruzuki.

Teruzuki: Admiral, Can I sit near your side?

Hiro: You can. Anyways... Is it just me or I can sense a sinister aura within you?

Teruzuki: Admiral is quite a tease. Of course I am not a sinister character. I am Teruzuki to whom you have rescued.

Hiro: I see. Anyways, how was the air here?

Teruzuki: It's nice and wonderful. Say Admiral... Do you like me?

Hiro: Nope. You should know that already. Though I know that you have tormented me for the longest time... I haven't really thought of loving or liking you.

Teruzuki: I see.

Soon after, a voice was heard from afar.

Teruzuki: Admiral. We sensed an abyssal around... Who are you?

Soon after, the Teruzuki who was sitting with the Admiral stood up.

Hiro: Thanks Teruzuki. But I know it already. You can return to the base. I'll talk to her.

Teruzuki: But she is dangerous!

Hiro: She came here to talk to me. If she ever want to wage war, she would have brought escorts along the way.

Teruzuki: I see... Take care Admiral.

Teruzuki returns to the naval base.

Hiro: Well then, Air Defense Princess. Show me your true form!

Soon as the Admiral utters those words, the Teruzuki who was standing on his side reveals herself.

AD Hime: Tch. So you knew it's me.

Hiro: The nastiness of your aura is really memorable. Asides from that, Are you here on your Admiral's order?

AD Hime: Nope. While he did warn me a bit on this, he supported me on this endeavor.

Hiro: I see. Well then, I shall answer your question then. NO Air Defense Princess, I cannot love you and you should know of all abyssal that I want to kill you with these bare hands of mine... But, as far as I am concerned, I want them to defeat you so that their frustrations would get justified. Their vengeance would get exacted.

AD Hime: I see... Ufufufu. Thanks for saying the truth. I better take my leave.

Hiro: See you then. I hope this is the last time we will talk to one another.

AD Hime: I want to see you try then.

And The Air Defense Princess took off and the two parted their ways.

Deep on Air Defense Princess mind; she was happy to meet and talk to the Admiral that despises her a lot.

She was then greeted by a tall man wearing a black cloak and emanating a murderous aura who was waiting for her arrival.

Zero: So is it a no?

AD Hime: Yup.

Zero: OK. Now then, time for us to prepare for our operations then. Air Defense Princess, I wish you could lend us a hand when we needed your help.

AD Hime: I will try.

Zero: Alright.

And another day has passed on the abyssal base.

'''- end.'''
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]