'''''Author's notes:'''''
- The funny thing about clearing the event early is that you have more time to salt yourself farming.




==The Valentine's Day at the naval base==

''The Admiral and Samidare are preparing for their date that will happen in the rooftop later this afternoon; they will also spend few hours dating there.''

''But, the main focus is not in their date...''



''Everything was sailing smoothly until...''

'''Sazanami''': Anyways, can you leave the gifts of chocolate here? Master is currently unavailable at the moment.

'''Kumano''': Wait. You mean that this hour was their date?

'''Others''': I see.

'''Maikaze''': eehhh... But this chocolate will melt if I don't give it to him now?

'''Sazanami''': Well, even I haven't given my chocolate to him as of now. So please be at ease.

'''Kinugasa''': It is indeed troubling. We actually stop operating at this moment and the only one who was moving is the expedition fleet.

'''Sazanami''': Hmm... What should I do with these?

''Kasumi who was trying to enter shouted.''

'''Kasumi''': Let's visit the two of them and give him our chocolates. Samidare-san will be fine with that.

'''Others''': OH!

''In an instant the majority of the crowd walked away and went to the rooftop to see if they can give the chocolates.''

''The one who didn't moved are Maikaze, Kazagumo, Sazanami, Kinugasa, Kumano, Choukai and Roma.''

'''Sazanami''': Those fools. Samidare-san is indeed a nice girl. In fact, she is close to an angel. But...

'''Kinugasa''': But, even she has her own selfish desires...

'''Kumano''': I don't understand. Why would you not move at all?

'''Kazagumo''': Well... she is scary when she smiles; she has the same vibes as the Admiral.

'''Maikaze''': Well I respect Samidare-san. So I will wait for that.

'''Kazagumo''': Anyways, let's wait for a bit to see how they will see the other side of her.



''A few minutes later a lot of people came back to the office and they all left their chocolates in the office.''

''Kasumi who lead the group came with her legs shaking with terror.''

'''Kasumi''': I don't understand. I thought she is truly nice. I thought she is an angel.

'''Sazanami''': Because you interfere her limited quality time. That's why you saw that monstrous side of her.

'''Kazagumo''': Because you tried to take him away from her on her own time.

'''Maikaze''': So are you okay now?

''Maikaze pulls up Kasumi who was still shaking and in a state of shock.''

'''Kinugasa''': But to see that part of her. How did you managed to run? Normally, everyone will be frozen by her aura alone.

'''Kumano''': because that's normal. Anyways, Looks like the princess will extend her time with Hiro-sama. Let’s get back to work then. I will give mine later.

'''Sazanami''': Alright.

'''Kasumi''': Me... too...

'''Maikaze''': Well, if he visits the dance room. I will give mine.

'''Kazagumo''': I will give this when it's evening.

'''Choukai''': ...

'''Roma''': oh well...

''The girls returned to their respective posts and they all managed to give their chocolates that day.''




==The day after…==

''Since the yesterday's incident, the Admiral felt that there was a looming storm ahead.''

'''Hiro''': Sazanami, why do I feel like today is like yesterday?

'''Sazanami''': Yesterday, they saw something that was not meant to be seen.

'''Hiro''': Oh, Samidare becomes dark Samidare? Well I did manage to calm her down. She cried after that since she was getting disturbed whenever we are alone. She always feels like she is getting neglected by me.

'''Sazanami''': I see. By the way, I heard they will make Chocolates even though it's the 15th today.

'''Hiro''': It's fine. Asides, the chocolates they made were ruined after running for their lives. I can forgive them for fleeing for their lives.

'''Sazanami''': Say Master, how was the choco I gave you last night?

'''Hiro''': Well, It's sweet as expected but it felt like that you also included something in the chocolate. Well, I can just compare my mix. I felt that you copied my formula.

'''Sazanami''': really!?

'''Hiro''': Well, It's a possibility anyways. By the way Samidare's Chocolate is also be done soon right?

'''Sazanami''': Yes indeed. But I feel something might happen.

'''Hiro''': Like last December?

'''Sazanami''': Yeah.

'''Hiro''': Well then, please immediately get the chocolate cake so that the choco is not a casualty.

'''Sazanami''': Alright.

'''Hiro''': Well then, in five more minutes, they will all arrive since they all borrowed the kitchen.

'''Sazanami''': Are you prepared?

'''Hiro''': Yeah. I hope I can last.



''A few minutes after, the door opens and the world becomes strange for the young Admiral.''




==The newcomers (pre farming)==

''Hatsuzuki and Zara were summoned at the Admiral's office for some roll call.''

'''Hiro''': good morning Ladies. I have summoned you two here to formally include you two in our fleet. Sorry if we haven't did this a bit earlier.

'''Hatsuzuki''': It's fine. No need to worry about it.

'''Zara''': Yes Admiral. No need to worry about us at all.

'''Hiro''': I see. Zara, how's the translator?

'''Zara''': Well, it's good. But I wish I can talk to you in the language we are both fluent with?

'''Hiro''': I doubt you can. Anyways, Welcome to the team.

'''Zara''': It's a pleasure.

'''Hatsuzuki''': Yeah. It's a pleasure too.

The two shook their hands with the Admiral and the two immediately went out of the office after that.



''While Zara and Hatsuzuki were walking Zara opened a question to the quiet Hatsuzuki.''

'''Zara''': Umm... Hatsuzuki-san, Can I ask on what do I need to do to fit in?

'''Hatsuzuki''': ...

'''Zara''': Hatsuzuki-san?

'''Hatsuzuki''': ...

'''Zara''': sigh* I wonder how my sisters and Libe has fit in to this naval base.

'''Hatsuzuki''': Just be yourself.

'''Zara''': Really?

'''Hatsuzuki''': Well... As far as I can see, they are just being themselves. Also, I do envy you for having sisters like Roma-san, Italia-san and Libeccio to be with you at times. I on the other hand still have no sister to speak with.

'''Zara''': I see. Well, to be honest, I wish Pola is here with me too. But the Admiral did say that Pola is not sighted in these waters. So I guess we can only guess that she might be located soon.

'''Hatsuzuki''': Anyways. You seemed pretty lively.

'''Zara''': And you do look too serious if not gloomy.

'''Hatsuzuki''': Well, I was born with this face...

''Hatsuzuki immediately looked at Zara's physique and she saw the glaring difference in their assets.''

'''Hatsuzuki''': At least, I know you are blessed, while I am not feeling that good at all.

'''Zara''': Hmm... But you see, try to smile a bit. It will change how you see the world and you might look cuter too. Well, nothing to lose if you smile anyways.

'''Hatsuzuki''': Alright.

'''Zara''': Well then, till we meet then.

'''Hatsuzuki''': Same to you.

''Hatsuzuki parted ways to Zara as Hatsuzuki enters the Destroyer dorm. She entered the room and she sit on the tatami waiting for the moment her sister arrives.''




==The rise of the first moon...==

''The Admiral summoned Hatsuzuki to the Admiral's office.''

'''Hiro''': Hatsuzuki, can I ask you one question?

'''Hatsuzuki''': What is it?

'''Hiro''': Do you want to gamble on my stupidly low luck?

'''Hatsuzuki''': What do you mean?

'''Hiro''': Well, let me rephrase it, Are you willing to join the search team for Akizuki? I heard that we might find her if we are persistent enough.

'''Hatsuzuki''': I see.

'''Hiro''': So, are you in or are you out?

'''Hatsuzuki''': I don't know Admiral; but I ask of you? Why me? I am nothing more than a young chick, I might fail you at times.

'''Hiro''': Nah. Failing was ever an option. I did fail once or twice. But I never regret doing that because that is how I learn.

'''Hatsuzuki''': (So he didn't care if I was weak or strong, he just needs me to personally go and search for Akizuki-neesan.)

''Hatsuzuki smiles at the admiral implying her willingness to join the crusade.''

''The Admiral then calls the fleet team.''




==Kazagumo's rival==

''Kazagumo noticed that for the past 2 days, Hatsuzuki comes in and out of the office to make a report to the Admiral. So she requested Sazanami to make her a secretary the next day so she can check out on things.''

''The next day, Kazagumo stood beside the Admiral and she stared at the newcomer.''

'''Hatsuzuki''': Was there something on my face?

'''Kazagumo''': Nothing at all. I am just examining you.

'''Hatsuzuki''': Examine?

'''Kazagumo''': To see if you are...

'''Hiro''': Kazagumo, Don't tell me that you requested to become the secretary just to look at Hatsuzuki?

'''Kazagumo''': But Admiral, This is pretty strange, why did you let her fight despite her lower levels. Could it be? That you are also eyeing her?

'''Hiro''': That is nonsense Kazagumo. First of all, I personally asked her to lead our search team.

'''Kazagumo''': Search team? Like the ones that rescued me?

'''Hiro''': Yes.

'''Kazagumo''': But why are you letting the newbie fight?

'''Hiro''': Because she has the second best AACI in this base.

'''Kazagumo''': I see...

'''Hatsuzuki''': Admiral, I will go back and look for my sister once more.

'''Hiro''': Take care.

''Hatsuzuki left once more to challenge the area again.''



'''Kazagumo''': Admiral, do you like her?

'''Hiro''': As a person, Yes. But I like all of you.

'''Kazagumo''': I know. But are you marrying her just in case you suddenly want her?

'''Hiro''': I might not marry her. Well she is cool, but I felt that she is actually keeping her distance to us all.

'''Kazagumo''': now that you mentioned it she is always alone.

'''Hiro''': Yeah. By the way, what is your level now?

'''Kazagumo''': 50. Why did you ask?

'''Hiro''': Oh! You are at 50 already?

'''Kazagumo''': well, naval exercises helped me build my strength.

'''Hiro''': Well, Hatsuzuki is now level 50.

''Kazagumo dropped her jaw as she heard the news from the Admiral.''

'''Kazagumo''': eh. She is level 50 in just 4 days?

'''Hiro''': yes. I was a bit slow since I didn't do the training regime, this is just pure sortie runs.

'''Kazagumo''': I see. Admiral, I will stick to her then.

'''Hiro''': Wait, why?

'''Kazagumo''': I feel that her presence alone is a threat to me and my place. Even though you haven't explicitly said your thoughts about her, I know that she might become a rival for your heart. I will side by side level with my closest rival.

'''Hiro''': Kazagumo: Don't worry about it, it's not that I am...

'''Kazagumo''': Admiral, I decided to fight her fair and square.

'''Hiro''': sigh*

'''Kazagumo''': Admiral?

'''Hiro''': Kazagumo. I know you felt threatened by her appearance. But don't worry. If I ever come in terms that I do love her too; I still need your consensus about that matter anyways. Also, I doubt I can do it now since she is just a new face.

'''Kazagumo''': Admiral, You know that we can say finish until it's over. So I am just doing this not only to check up on her. But also to check up on my growth, I want to be at the same fighting grounds with her.

'''Hiro''': I see. Kazagumo, if I call her to sortie once more. I will call you then. But the battles will be unforgiving.

'''Kazagumo''': I am ready for that.

'''Hiro''': okay.

'''Kazagumo''': Admiral, since everyone is away; can you kiss this selfish me even for a bit. I am jealous that you always do that with Sazanami-san.

'''Hiro''': Wait, I know that almost everyone is away. But it does not equate that...

Kazagumo covers the Admiral's lips with hers and she started kissing the Admiral who was a bit defenseless at that moment.

'''Kazagumo''': (even though you do not say it that much, but I know you would let me do it anyways.)

''Meanwhile Hatsuzuki who just arrived saw the events happening inside the office as she peeks on the seam of the door. Hatsuzuki was lost in thoughts as she saw the events that happened inside the office.''




==A young one's inquiry==

''Hatsuzuki who was still on a certain sortie, asked her team mates about something.''

'''Hatsuzuki''': Everyone, can I ask what is love?

''Hatsuzuki's team mates suddenly felt conflicted upon hearing her question.''

'''Kumano''': Well, aren't you a bit too early for that?

'''Hatsuzuki''': Well, I heard someone said I love you to the Admiral. So I ask, what is love?

'''Kumano''': Well...

'''Yuudachi''': love? Well Shigure-chan always tells me that love is the feeling you have that make you want to be with that person.

'''Hatsuzuki''': I see... just like how I want to be with my sisters.

'''Yuudachi''': Well, that is love too, but it's just filial type. Not the romantic one.

'''Hatsuzuki''': I see. SO IF I KISS MY SISTER AND TELL HER THAT I LOVE HER THEN IT'S DIFFERENT?

'''Shoukaku''': My. Hatsuzuki-chan, who was the person you saw kissing the Admiral?

'''Hatsuzuki''': Hmm... I forgot her name, though she kind of looked liked Kumano-senpai.

'''Kumano''': Like me?

''Everyone’s gaze looked on the innocent Kumano who was still a bit confused on the things that is happening around her.''

'''Kumano''': Wait, It's not me. I am with you when we go to the docks, remember?

'''Hatsuzuki''': No not Kumano-senpai. She looks a bit younger, Probably a Destroyer like me.

'''Kumano''': That is Kazagumo-chan.

'''Hatsuzuki''': I see.

'''Shoukaku''': I see. Next time, I will be putting a blockade on her routes.

'''Roma''': I don't really get it though, but why are we even discussing this matter?

'''Yuudachi''': Because someone asked?

'''Myoukou''': Because you won't hear it normally from the Destroyers nowadays.

'''Shoukaku''': It's because she is a growing girl after all.

'''Kumano''': Because we are responsible in letting others know what is happening. Also Roma-san, have you already decided on what you should do? I mean it's not like we don't know that you have feelings for the Admiral. We have reached the consensus that we should let you do whatever you want since we might make a rift upon foreign relations if we interfere.

'''Roma''': I see. So that is why you people are so lenient on me.

'''Myoukou''': Anyways, we were drifted out of the topic anyways. Hatsuzuki-chan, loving your sister is normal. But making a romantic relationship with your sister is bad. (Remembers Kako)

'''Hatsuzuki''': I see... well, when do I know that I have felt love?

'''Kumano''': Well... only time will tell. Trust me on that. Anyways, can we resume now, we still haven't made it to the boss.

'''Others''': Alright.

''The rescue fleet proceeds to the boss node.''




==A Destroyer's big dream==

''Kiyoshimo enters the office to make a proper introduction of herself to the Admiral who was still salting over the absence of Amagi.''

'''Kiyoshimo''': Good Morning. I am the Yuugumo-class Destroyer Kiyoshimo. Nice meeting you.

'''Hiro''': Nice meeting you too. Say, I was always wondering since I always hear from my colleagues that work in the other bases; is it true that you want to become a battleship?

'''Kiyoshimo''': Of course I do!~ I always dream of the day that I turn into a battleship too and help Musashi-san in her battles.

'''Hiro''': Musashi... hmm...

'''Kiyoshimo''': Admiral, was there something wrong?

'''Hiro''': Well, I have Musashi here with us. And I have good numbers of Battleships too. I guess it will not hurt at all to ask you to do something for me?

'''Kiyoshimo''': Like what?

'''Hiro''': How About I make you a battleship?

''The Admiral was whacked hard by Sazanami who was standing on his side not tolerating that word the Admiral has spoken.''

'''Sazanami''': Master; that is sexual harassment. I believe that you are stepping out of your logical thinking.

'''Hiro''': Ouch, That hurts a lot Sazanami. Anyways, I am just joking. But it is indeed triggered this very insecure girl of mine

'''Kiyoshimo''': Wait? That is not true?

'''Hiro''': And this one did actually believe me as if I can do it at all.

'''Sazanami''': Master, If I was not here at that moment, she could have been a target of your uncontrollable lust.

'''Hiro''': wait Sazanami, when did I turn into some kind of a beast?

'''Sazanami''': I heard from Kumano-san that you had a great time with Kazagumo-san. I believe that it's fitting that you also do that to me as your...

''Then the door opens...''

'''Samidare''': Admiral, please do it to me too...

'''Hiro''': Wait Samidare, are you sure you are not listening to us all this time?

'''Samidare''': well... I missed doing this and that with you. I want to feel like I am a girl.

'''Hiro''': Well...

'''Kiyoshimo''': Excuse Me Admiral. But what are you three talking about and how come Kazagumo-neesan was included into this discussion?

'''Hiro''': Well... Kazagumo is one of my lovers.

'''Kiyoshimo''': I see... Well then, I shall take my leave, I might be troubling you guys.

'''Hiro''': Wait a bit Kiyoshimo.

'''Kiyoshimo''': what is it?

'''Hiro''': if you have more questions to ask but you can't ask me, ask your Yuugumo-neesan about those matters.

'''Kiyoshimo''': Alright. I shall remember that.

''Kiyoshimo left the office leaving the three people take turns to convince the Admiral to do something about them.''

'''Kiyoshimo''': (even though it was a far-fetched dream of mine, I wish the Admiral can do something about my conversion to a battleship.)

''Kiyoshimo smiles as she walks towards the Destroyer's dorm to where the  current Yuugumo-class destroyers awaits for her arrival.''




==The Arrival of everyone's rival.==

''One certain day of the farming runs, a certain figure enters the office of the naval base introducing herself to the Admiral and his secretary.''

'''xxx''': Good morning. I am 12th Kagerou-class Destroyer Isokaze.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Sazanami''': ...

''The two were frozen by the appearance of someone they want to meet a long, long time ago.''

'''Isokaze''': I know that you are both surprised by my appearance but you need to speak too.

'''Hiro''': Wow... she is indeed a beauty. Sazanami, are you jealous... Ow.

''the Admiral was being stomped by Sazanami''

'''Sazanami''': So you are Isokaze-san. You are indeed a beauty. But let me tell you this straight right out of the bat while I am keeping Samidare at bay. Stay away from the Admiral.

'''Isokaze''': So you are asking me to be disrespectful to his superior? Who the heck do you think you are?

'''Sazanami''': I am his lover.

'''Isokaze''': Really...

''Isokaze looked at the Admiral who was a bit in pain after he was stomped By his secretary.''

'''Isokaze''': Admiral. May I ask you a question?

'''Hiro''': Yes you can. what is it?

'''Isokaze''': I heard from this girl (Sazanami) that I am unwanted. Is that true?

'''Hiro''': Actually, I wanted to confirm some few things before answering that.

'''Isokaze''': What is it?

'''Hiro''': How bad is your cooking?

''Isokaze snapped after hearing the Admiral's question and she immediately punched the Admiral to the stomach and she walked away.''
''Samidare who was about to enter saw the fleeing Isokaze.''

'''Samidare''': wait.

'''Isokaze''': Hmm?

'''Samidare''': You must be Isokaze-san, Am I right?

'''Isokaze''': Yes.

'''Samidare''': can I borrow you for a bit. Let's go to my office.

'''Isokaze''': Alright.

''Isokaze immediately went with Samidare to her office and she was welcomed properly by Samidare who was taking care of everything.''


'''Samidare''': Here is your drink.

'''Isokaze''': Thanks. By the way, are you Samidare the secretary girl was talking about?

'''Samidare''': I am Samidare indeed. But please let forgive them like that. they were still in a state of shock after all.

'''Isokaze''': why was that?

'''Samidare''': well, the Admiral was searching for you for the longest time... well, he wants to see the beautiful Isokaze-san.

'''Isokaze''': I see... so I am beautiful to his eyes. I am somehow not convinced in that notion alone.

'''Samidare''': well, you do have a bad reputation in terms of your culinary skills. But do not worry about that.

'''Isokaze''': I see. why do I not need to worry about cooking at all?

'''Samidare''': Well, you can just let someone teach you how to cook properly; Someone who is kind enough and patient enough to survive your cooking.

'''Isokaze''': I see. By the way, why did you drag me here in your office?

'''Samidare''': well... seeing you makes me feel insecure since you are a beauty of different tangent. Seeing you makes me lose my confidence.

'''Isokaze''': I see...

'''Samidare''': But, I will not lose... I will make sure that we will win no matter who is our opponent.

'''Isokaze''': Somehow you are scaring me...

'''Samidare''': well, nice meeting you. please follow to the rules of the invisible council.

'''Isokaze''': (invisible council?) I will.

'''Samidare''': Good. you can go now and meet your friends.

'''Isokaze''': If you excuse me...



''Isokaze left Samidare's office and as she walked a bit far from the office, her legs collapsed to the pressure she felt a while ago.''

'''Isokaze''': (Scary, Samidare is scary... what was her deal? And I can feel like that she can do something to me whenever I see her smile. I am so terrified at her presence that the Secretary wanted to deal with me rather than letting her deal the trouble. Interesting, this naval base is not an ordinary base at all... It's a circus of monsters...)

''As Isokaze tries to regain composure she saw a blond girl walking by...''

'''Maikaze''': Isokaze-san?

'''Isokaze''': Maikaze... so you are already here.

'''Maikaze''': Yes, Isokaze-san. By the way, how was the Admiral?

'''Isokaze''': He is an interesting guy... Indeed.

'''Maikaze''': Well, good to hear that. After all I love him so much that I don't know what to do if  you have smitten him. Oh my, I speak too much. By the way, Yukikaze is in the mess hall. I will take my leave for now, and welcome to our humble naval base!

''Maikaze left and Isokaze grin to the absurdity of the whole events that happened''

'''Isokaze''': (This is indeed a crazy place I am in. I fear that it's the Admiral's lovers will make me fear for my life rather than the abyssals that were guarding me.)

''Isokaze stood up and she went to the mess hall to meet with Yukikaze who was eating with Tokitsukaze.''




==The legend of Amatsukaze==

'''Hiro''': Phew, after all these times, we still haven't got Amagi. I wonder how many days do we have to sortie to get her.

'''Sazanami''': well, I really don't know. But base on our intel, IT might get very long until we get one.

'''Hiro''': Sigh*

'''Sazanami''': Well... oh. Someone's entering the office.

'''Hiro''': enter.

''the door opens and as it opens, their fatigue somehow vanished.''

'''xxx''': I am the 9th Kagerou class Destroyer Amatsukaze, Nice meeting you.

'''Hiro''': Nice meeting you too.

'''Sazanami''': Me too...

the two immediately return to work after greeting the Amatsukaze.

'''Amatsukaze''': ...

The two immediately ignored Amatsukaze as they try to strategize their next move.

'''Hiro''': well, then, how about changing cruisers so that we can lessen the cost of...

'''Amatsukaze''': What is the deal with you people!!! After I introduced myself to you people, you would ignore me... just like what...

''Samidare enters the scene and she immediately embraced Amatsukaze.''

'''Samidare''': There, there... I am asking an apology in their behalf since they are so busy that getting you was a bit surprising. Probably, they haven't processes it inside of their heads. Here, here.... nice girl you are Amatsukaze-san.

'''Amatsukaze''': You are nice... Are you an angel?

'''Samidare''': Maybe in your eyes that I am an angel. But some of them are scared of me.

'''Amatsukaze''': How?

'''Samidare''': Probably on how much I deal with troubles... ufufufufu.

'''Amatsukaze''': ?

''As Amatsukaze looked at the side of the Admiral, she noticed the two were a bit shaking already by the chill they felt emanating from Samidare.''

'''Samidare''': Please do not neglect this young girl , or you can let her play with Shimakaze since they are somewhat similar.

'''Amatsukaze''': Shimakaze is here?

'''Samidare''': Yup. go find her.

'''Amatsukaze''': it's not like I want to play with her or something... well...

'''Hiro''': (Tsundere)

'''Sazanami''': (basic Tsundere)

'''Samidare''': (Tsundere)

'''Amatsukaze''': Wait, why are you two grinning at me?

'''Hiro''': Well... I guess we call also call Tokitsukaze and Hatsukaze too.

'''Amatsukaze''': really!? Wait... I am not...

'''Sazanami''': Oh fine. Master, I'll escort her.

'''Hiro''': Please do.

'''Sazanami''': Though you are not too annoying, I find your contradicting actions irritating. I will bring you top your comrades will ya?

'''Amatsukaze''': Alright...

''Amatsukaze didn't argue back and she quietly let Sazanami escorted her towards the dorm to where her friends are.''



'''Amatsukaze''': Thank you...

'''Sazanami''': It's fine. Rather than thanking me, give thanks to master who was still not sleeping until now. Well, sorry if we have neglected your arrival.

'''Amatsukaze''': I see. Please say to the Admiral that I appreciate being saved by him.

'''Sazanami''': Alright.

''Sazanami returned to the office and she delivered Amatsukaze's message to the Admiral himself.''

''A few minutes after, the Admiral stood up realizing that he did something wrong.''




==The arrival of Spring Rain==

'''Yuudachi''': Don't worry about it... I am sure you will be treated nice by him. After all, he is caring to us girls.

'''xxx''': Really?

'''Yuudachi''': Yup. so let's open the door and introduce yourself to him.

'''xxx''': Alright.




''Meanwhile, the Admiral was taking a nap and Sazanami was sitting on the couch looking at the records.''

''Then, the door opens.''

A girl walked inside the office and she immediately bow without even looking at the people in front of her.

'''xxx''': I am the 5th ship of the Shiratsuyu class Destroyer. My Name is Harusame; Nice meeting you.

''Harusame looked up and she saw a sleeping figure in the desk.''


'''Harusame''': ?

''then, Sazanami who has finished looking at the files stood up and she tapped the Admiral to wake up already.''

'''Hiro''': What is it? Is it already night?

'''Sazanami''': We have a new comrade Master. her name is Harusame.

'''Hiro''': Ah, I see... wait... Did you say Harusame?

'''Sazanami''': Yes I did. Master, she is inside right now.

'''Hiro''': Oh!

''the Admiral immediately brushed his hair and arranged his uniform and he stood up and he greet Harusame.''

'''Hiro''': Sorry for my blunder, I am the Admiral of this Naval Base. I am Admiral Raven, nice meeting you.

'''Harusame''': I am Harusame, please take care of me too.

'''Sazanami''': Pleasure to meet you too. I am Sazanami, and I am his secretary.

'''Harusame''': Nice meeting you too.

'''Hiro''': well then, shall we call her too?

'''Harusame''': Who?

'''Hiro''': Someone who misses you. Just like Shigure and Yuudachi.

'''Harusame''': really? Could it be...

''Then as Harusame looks at the door, she saw a girl with blue hair entering and she was immediately embraced by the blue-haired girl.''

'''Harusame''': Nice seeing you Samidare.

'''Samidare''': Welcome home, Harusame.

'''Hiro''': Looks like it's a warm reunion indeed.

'''Sazanami''': yes Master.

'''Hiro''': Samidare, you can take a day off today just to accommodate your sister. You can leave your work to Kazagumo.

'''Samidare''': Thanks Admiral. Sorry to leave a bit early from duty.

'''Hiro''': it's fine. It's rare to see people reunite with others.

'''Samidare''': I see. well then, I should go now. Harusame, let's go now.

'''Harusame''': Alright.

''the two left the room and the operations proceed as normal.''


==Intermission: Something that is alarming.==

'''Hiro''': Sazanami, I just realized...

'''Sazanami''': What is it Master?

'''Hiro''': The ships we normally don't get, they just pour down on us like rain.

'''Sazanami''': That's nice.

'''Hiro''': But, where is Akizuki? Where is Amagi? Do they even Exist? And where is Arashi when I needed her?

'''Sazanami''': Master, Arashi is not available this time around. I really don't know why but she does not exist in this campaign.

'''Hiro''': I see...

'''Sazanami''': Master. Was there something wrong? Are you alright?

'''Hiro''': Well, I just got too desperate that I started getting ships that I would want later on, which is good in a sense, but...

'''Sazanami''': But the things that you want are not dropping at all?

'''Hiro''': Yeah.

'''Sazanami''': don't worry Master, There are a lot of people who are also looking for the ships they want and they got tons of them in the process too.    So Master, Do not worry; I am still here to support you. After all, we are all in this together.

'''Hiro''': Thanks Sazanami.

'''Sazanami''': You are most definitely welcome, Master.

'''Hiro''': Now then, shall we discuss on what shall we do tonight?

'''Sazanami''': Alright. You can do whatever you want to me. By the way Master, is it true that Kazagumo has declared rivalry on Hatsuzuki?

'''Hiro''': Yup. she wants to have someone who can push her to become strong.

'''Sazanami''': I see. Master, did you already have sex with Kazagumo-san?

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Sazanami''': I'll take that as a yes. After all, there's no way you will not do it on her. So Master, are you ready tonight?

'''Hiro''': yeah. Wait, I was originally Planning on...

'''Sazanami''': Then let's do it together then. How about now? Since it's late already... Are you still sleepy?

'''Hiro''': Not really. Well, let's do it.

'''Sazanami''': Alright.

Sazanami and the Admiral spend the night together inside of the one hidden room.




==Okinami's arrival x 2==

''Okinami arrived at the naval base after the team has successfully defeated the boss in their farm runs.''

'''Kumano''': Okinami, I know we just returned from one hell battle, but I want you to introduce yourself to the Admiral.

'''Okinami''': The Admiral?

'''Kumano''': Yes. He is the one who ordered us to look for you too.

'''Okinami''': I see...

'''Kumano''': Well then, we better get some rest and head out once more. Okinami... Good luck.

'''Okinami''': Alright.

'''Kumano''': By the way, if you ever met your twin... Please treat her well.

'''Okinami''': Twin?

'''Kumano''': Take care then.

''Kumano waves her hand as she walks towards the docks.''



''Okinami who was left behind was looking at the door of the office.''

'''Okinami''': (I wonder what does he looks like. Is the Admiral a nice person, a bad one or somewhere in between? I am kinda nervous to see what will happen to me inside.)

''Okinami turns the door knob and she opened the door seeing the scene she or probably not everyone would see in their daily lives.''

She saw the Admiral sleeping at the desk while doing his work.

''His Secretary of the Day Kazagumo was also sleeping on his side despite standing.''

'''Okinami''': (wow. this is something I do not see every day, not that I lived for a long, long time...)

Okinami then closed the door and sat at the couch.

''She carefully took off her glasses and she started cleaning them off since she came from the sea.''



''A few seconds later the Admiral woke up.''


'''Hiro''': Damn, I fell asleep... Kazagumo, how come you can sleep like that? Wake up.

'''Kazagumo''': Hiro-sama, please let me take a rest for now...

'''Hiro''': our newest member might arrive any sooner...

'''Kazagumo''': Alright. By the way, was the person who is sitting on the couch is Okinami?

'''Hiro''': Okinami... wait! Okinami is here.

''The Admiral and Kazagumo immediately arranged their looks as they saw the newest member of the naval base.''

'''Hiro''': Anyways, sorry for the blunder. I am the Admiral Raven, I am the Admiral of this Humble Naval base. Nice meeting you... Okinami #2

'''Okinami''': #2?

'''Kazagumo''': A day ago, we also welcome your other twin.

'''Okinami''': I see...

'''Hiro''': So how will we manage not to confuse you with the other one since she'll be going back inside the base once in a while as a new laborer for the expedition team.

'''Okinami''': Hmm... Indeed very troubling.

'''Kazagumo''': I have an Idea.

'''Hiro''': what was it?

'''Kazagumo''': You see... (indistinguishable sounds)

'''Hiro''': I see.

'''Okinami''': Umm... what are you guys talking about?

'''Hiro''': Well, something that this older sister of yours has mentioned. the solution is simple.

'''Okinami''': What is it.

'''Hiro''': Wear these glasses...

''The Admiral presses a button and there was a big set of reading glasses came out of nowhere.''

'''Okinami''': ...

'''Hiro''': Well then, pick one to your liking. The First Okinami is wearing her standard glasses. How about you?

'''Okinami''': can I go with contacts?

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Kazagumo''': ...

'''Okinami''': I mean, why do I need to wear this thing? It doesn't suit me at all.

'''Hiro''': So you prefer contacts huh...

'''Okinami''': Well, I don't want to be the funny girl that looks for her glasses when she was wearing it on her head.

'''Hiro''': I see... But I will not allow that.

'''Okinami''': Why?

'''Hiro''': Because girls that are wearing glasses are moe!

'''Okinami''': Aahhh...

'''Kazagumo''': I see...

''Kazagumo took out her fashion glasses (that looks like the prescription ones) and she wore it to make her look like a glasses wearing girl.''

'''Kazagumo''': Am I charming now!?

'''Hiro''': Yeah... I want to mess you up.

'''Kazagumo''': Kyaa... But not now; not while Okinami-chan is still looking at us.

'''Okinami''': (What is the deal with these two? Are they... oh!)

''Okinami noticed that Kazagumo was wearing a ring just like what she saw on Kumano's ring finger.''

'''Okinami''': Pretty ring that is... Are you guys married?

'''Kazagumo''': married... Hearing that word makes me blush...

'''Hiro''': Nope. not yet at the moment.

'''Okinami''': I see. By the way, was that an engagement ring?

'''Hiro''': Well... Kind off...

'''Kazagumo''': It's a proof that we belonged to him till eternity, Right Admiral?

'''Hiro''': Yup. You can say that.

'''Okinami''': We?

'''Kazagumo''': Sadly, I am not the only one who wears the ring... there are at least 7 of us all in all who wears this kind of ring.

'''Okinami''': I see.

'''Hiro''': By the way... have you chosen your glasses already?

'''Okinami''': Alright. I thought I can make force you to make me wear contacts, but I still prefer glasses since I have to remove them too from time to time. Here, I will take this pink frame.

'''Hiro''': Alright.

''The admiral presses the button once more and the sets of reading glasses vanished''



'''Hiro''': Well then, let me tell your official designation then.

'''Kazagumo''': Official designation?

'''Hiro''': Normally, Sazanami is the one handles those things... But since she is on a day off, I will do it anyways.

'''Kazagumo''': I see.

'''Okinami''': what is official designation?

'''Hiro''': See, not all of those who entered this room was given a chance to work behind the scenes. But since you were a bit spectacular than the first one, I guess it's better to give you this role.

'''Okinami''': haah... (I wonder what is my official designation?)

'''Hiro''': Anyways, can you tell me what this is?

The Admiral threw a portable device to Okinami and she catches it without making a move.

''Okinami looked at the device and she honestly said her answer.''

'''Okinami''': No idea. But from the looks of it, it's a portable device of some sort.

'''Hiro''': Good. Now then, Under my wing; I'll teach you some warfare skills, the digital warfare?

'''Okinami''': Digital Warfare?

'''Hiro''': You see, I got tons of data only items here and the risk of getting breached is high. Aoba though can do her job in protecting the data, but I fear that I am letting her know too much on the things I want to keep.

'''Okinami''': So you want to train me to fight others in the other battlefield?

'''Hiro''': Yup. But don't worry, if all comes to that I will just have to teach you personally...

''Okinami felt the pressure of the Admiral's expectation weighing on her.''

'''Okinami''': I will do... My best... I am kinda scared... Admiral...

'''Hiro''': Oh, sorry about that. I wonder why I scare a lot of people nowadays.

'''Kazagumo''': Because you sleep less. You really need to take a big rest.

'''Hiro''': Alright. Anyways... Okinami #2, you are now dismissed. Your room is in the Yuugumo-class area, and your room mate is... Oh! the other Okinami

'''Okinami''': I see. Well, Can I ask for some favor?

'''Hiro''': What is it?

'''Okinami''': Call me Kimi instead of my name... Since I am a duplicate, I guess I will be fine if my name is not mentioned instead of adding the #2 in it.

'''Hiro''': Sorry to burden you... But thanks, Kimi; I appreciate your honest opinion.

'''Okinami''': Thanks. I better go now.



''Okinami (now Kimi) went out of the office and went to her room to take a rest after the tiring introduction with the Admiral. She looked at her hand and somehow, she imagined herself wearing the ring Kazagumo wears during that time.''

'''Okinami (Kimi)''' : I guess this is fine for now.




==an open letter...==

Dear big sister

I am writing to you even though I know you might not receive it at all. But it's fine. After all, the loneliness I feel is not that deep unlike the last time we saw one another.

Isuzu-senpai is fine and Kicking just as always, Somehow, I grew envious as I look on her racks. It made me feel like I am an inferior girl.

Zuikaku-senpai has remembered me, but for some reasons, she was not that flustered or a bit. Could it be that she had grown into a woman already? By who?

And Shoukaku-senpai told me that it's fine to visit them once in a while if I feel lonely, she told me lots of stories About Akizuki-Neesan and her exploits. For some Reasons, Akigumo avoids meeting me at all. Oboro-san on the other hand was smiling when she was telling her stories on how much she is better than you are.

By the way, The Admiral seems to grow desperate looking for you. How I wish we can find you soon. Nee-san, Please stay strong. WE will rescue you.

I remember that Kazagumo-san always sticks so close to the admiral whenever I enter the office. Even the Secretary ship (Sazanami) was annoyed by her actions as of late.

Nee-san, where are you? I missed you so much. Though I know that we might not meet each other for this time, I promise that I will be a good girl so that I can be of great use to the Admiral.

Nee-san, night by night; I feel restless as I see the terror of night battles. But lately, I grew accustomed to it despite my fears. How I wish you are here to calm me.

Even though I know that this might not be the time for us to meet, I hope that one day, I can meet you along with Teruzuki. and the three of us can be happy once more; living as sisters.

I will not say that it's over, but this time around, I am grateful that I managed to hang on. I hope that things will turn for the better.

P.S.

Normally, Girls give chocolate on valentine's day, but the Admiral gave me one while I was resting. Could it be... Nah, it's just leftover chocolate and some cocoa powder. He stated in his message that do not be shy to ask for better food.




==Amagi Brilliant Entrance==

''Day 4 of Farming hell and the Admiral has lost his patience and he issued his last sortie of the day.''

''Then on the boss node, the fleet made a stunning discovery.''

''The drop is ...''



Meanwhile in the Admiral's office

'''Hiro''': Hmm... I wonder why the communications were cut. Do you have any idea Sazanami?

'''Sazanami''': I have an Idea, but I better be ready for whatever they might throw on us.

'''Hiro''': I see...



''Then there was a knock in the door.''

'''Hiro''': Who is there?

'''Kumano''': Admiral, I brought you something surprising. Please be ready to dance.

'''Hiro''': Dance?

'''Kumano''': Anyways, I'll leave her here.

'''xxx''': Kumano-chan, why leaving me behind?

'''Kumano''': I need to take some rest and dock. I don't want to let the Admiral see me in my shameful state.

'''xxx''': I see...

''then the door opens and a fully clothed girl entered...''

'''xxx''': I am the second Unryuu class Carrier Amagi, Nice meeting you.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Sazanami''': Wow. I can't believe that we got her!

'''Amagi''': Admiral?

'''Hiro''': Sorry, I lost my words to say from the moment You entered and introduced yourself.

'''Amagi''': I see.

'''Hiro''': Anyways, Welcome to the Raven's base. I am Admiral Raven. It's a pleasure working with you from now on.

'''Amagi''': Oh my, It's My pleasure meeting you too. Now I know why Kumano-chan is so lovely...

'''Hiro''': You must be exaggerating a bit. ahahaha

'''Amagi''': Anyways, this young girl is staring at me differently...

'''Hiro''': Oh, she is my secretary. She Is Sazanami.

'''Sazanami''': I am the Admiral's Right hand. Nice meeting you Amagi-san.

'''Amagi''': Nice meeting you too. By the way, you two sure are perfect for one another.

'''Hiro''': !!!

'''Sazanami''': Really?

'''Amagi''': yeah... now, now, where do I go next?

'''Hiro''': Sazanami, Can you escort her to the carrier dorms. I shall be assigning a mechanic to you tomorrow.

'''Amagi''': Mechanic?

'''Hiro''': Yup. by the way, Katsuragi is waiting for your arrival, so please do not delay it anymore.

'''Amagi''': Katsuragi-chan is waiting for me? I better hurry. Sazanami-san, can you escort me to the carrier's dorm?

'''Sazanami''': With pleasure.

''Sazanami escorted Amagi towards the Carrier's dormitory.''




==Kumano's Breakthrough==

''A few minutes after Sazanami escorted Amagi to the Carrier's dorm, Kumano enters the office.''

'''Kumano''': Admiral, I did good today!

'''Hiro''': Yeah, thanks.

'''Kumano''': Also, I am level 90 as of today.

'''Hiro''': Really?

'''Kumano''': It's all thanks to you that I shine so bright.

'''Hiro''': Congratulations. By the way, why did you come here?

'''Kumano''': Well... I want to celebrate but since it's already the evening... I want to have our... you know, the moonlight teasing...

'''Hiro''': I see... well, I already want to touch you so much the moment you enter the room.

'''Kumano''': Silly Admiral. Please say that when the two of us are truly alone.

'''Hiro''': Alright.

'''Kumano''': I'll be waiting at that place. Don't worry, Sazanami-san already knows this and she gave me her go signal.

'''Hiro''': okay.

''Kumano exits of the office and the Admiral then took something out of the Drawer and he closed the office and he post a notice at the door saying that the operations is over for tonight.''



The Admiral went to the rooftop carrying something in his left hand.

''He opened the door and she saw Kumano looking at the moon while waiting for his arrival.''

'''Hiro''': Did I make you wait?

'''Kumano''': Not really, In fact you came too early. What's with the rush?

'''Hiro''': Well... Let's celebrate a bit with a toast.

'''Kumano''': oh!



''the Admiral took out a can of grape juice and she gave it to Kumano.''

'''Kumano''': This grape juice taste like wine at some point, say, was this modified?

'''Hiro''': Well, the content is indeed grape juice. so nothing was modified inside.

'''Kumano''': I see. Well then, Cheers!

'''Hiro''': Cheers!

The two drink their grape juice while looking at the moon.



''A few minutes later...''

'''Kumano''': the moon indeed is beautiful.

'''Hiro''': yeah. But you are more beautiful than the moon.

''Kumano blushed as she heard those words.''

'''Kumano''': Admiral...

'''Hiro''': Well, you really are beautiful, that is the truth. I mean, everyone will say you are beautiful and we will guarantee it.

'''Kumano''': But I am no match against the others, like Isokaze-chan, or Amagi-san or even the beautiful fast battleship goddess Haruna

'''Hiro''': Nah. You know, I am with you since we were younger though I spent a lot of time more with Kino since she is my princess back on those days. But I really like the time we spent together. I remember this carefree little young girl who wants to be praised more despite hiding into that Oujo-sama facade of

'''Kumano''': Well... it's just me venting out stress..., Because my life with them was rough.

'''Hiro''': But you did manage to stand in to your own two feet, am I right?

'''Kumano''': Yes. It's all thanks to you.

'''Hiro''': Nope. I didn't do that. I was just guiding you a bit and you did all by yourself. Be proud of yourself. You are beautiful, I can attest to that. Asides, I will not give that ring if I was not serious in taking you all to myself.

'''Kumano''': In the end, it all went according to plan. You made me fall, you made me feel helpless inside, you made me bare my true self and in the end, you made me fall for you once more. What a cruel guy you are. But I am no longer helpless. Because I can stand with my own two feet, So now Admiral, Please stand up too. we will need you more than ever before.

'''Hiro''': I see. So you are now the frontrunner.

'''Kumano''': I am so reliable that I can't imagine what will happen if I am absent for a day.

'''Hiro''': Please don't we might have troubles if you do that.

'''Kumano''': Well, I am just kidding. So Admiral, Can we go inside... especially my room?

'''Hiro''': Well, how about Suzuya?

'''Kumano''': Suzuya will sleep with Mogami-neesan and Mikuma-neesan, Thus the room is all ours.

'''Hiro''': Alright! Kumano, can I carry you?

'''Kumano''': With pleasure. For tonight, I am your one and only princess you shall lay your life with, my loyal knight.

'''Hiro''': With pleasure.

''The Admiral carried Kumano towards her room and they had a splendid night together.''




==Zuikaku K2==

''Zuikaku was waiting patiently for her second remodel as she was talking with Kuro who was looking at the planes.''

'''Zuikaku''': Kuro-san, can I ask a bit?

'''Kuro''': What was it?

'''Zuikaku''': Well, Shoukaku-nee became an armored carrier after converting, DO you think I will become like my sister?

'''Kuro''': Hmm... According to Hiro Himself, the Prototype Flight Deck Catapult is a requirement that was needed for your conversion, so I guess you will become an Armored Carrier.

'''Zuikaku''': I see...

'''Kuro''': But man, while getting your catapult is easier this time around, it still scares me that I have to deal with the Plane quest which is ten times harder than the maps you need to clear before getting the second catapult.

'''Zuikaku''': Well... I guess that is what they called being too careful.

'''Kuro''': This is nuts!!! Also, your conversion eats a lot of steel. So will you have battleship type of armor?

'''Zuikaku''': What...

''Zuikaku looks down on her muneate and she immediately slapped Kuro with all her might.''
'''Zuikaku''': Pervert...

'''Kuro''': Ouch, I was stating something and she gets the wrong message...

''then the door opens and Sazanami along with the Admiral enters.''



'''Hiro''': Kuro, are the preparations done?

'''Kuro''': Yup.

'''Hiro''': Good. Sazanami, give him the blueprint then.

'''Sazanami''': Yes Master.

''Sazanami handed the blueprint to Kuro who will be doing the remodeling.''



'''Zuikaku''': Wait, why was I am not informed?

'''Hiro''': Well, he is basically your partner... I am just laying him down some foundation works and finally, we can see if he can do what the faeries can do.

'''Zuikaku''': I feel so cheated about this.

'''Hiro''': Well...

''the Admiral whispers something to Zuikaku's ear and Zuikaku grew red after hearing that.''



'''Hiro''': Well then... Sazanami, let's go now. Kuro can handle this on his own.

'''Sazanami''': Yes Master.

''The two went out of the factory...''



'''Kuro''': Zuikaku, I witnessed how your sister was transformed into an Armored Carrier. So I know how the process was done. Don't worry. I am in charge of you. I will make sure that you will be in good conditions in no time.

'''Zuikaku''': Yes... Please take care of me...

''Zuikaku who was still blushing on removed her clothing and she went inside of the fitting room...''

''From there, Zuikaku's transformation begins.''



===Meanwhile...===

''Sazanami and the Admiral were walking towards the office.''

'''Sazanami''': Master, what did you told Zuikaku-san that she became so red with embarrassment?

'''Hiro''': Simple... I said that she needs to get undress to undergo her transformation.

'''Sazanami''': What do you mean by... Oh... What a pervert you are Master.

'''Hiro''': Well, I just gave her some glint of an idea, it all depends on Kuro and Zuikaku whether or not something happens between the two of them.

'''Sazanami''': But this might put Katsuragi-san into...

'''Hiro''': Don't worry about that though. I instructed Amagi to keep her company until tomorrow.

'''Sazanami''': So evil indeed you are Master.

'''Hiro''': well, things get too stagnant a bit between the three of them. I want to throw some fuel to the fire.

'''Sazanami''': Well then, let's go back to our duties then. Please do your work properly this time.

'''Hiro''': Right.

''Later that day... Zuikaku came crying to her sister's aid.''<br />



==Omake: The crescent moon rises==

''Long while before the campaign even starts, there was a simple girl who was named after the moon was looking over the moon night by night. She had long black hair and has golden eyes. Her appearance is deceivingly a child at glance but has a heart of a full-fledged adult. She normally knows what the people who are a bit older than her talks about and she keeps it in her mind.''

''But that person had one secret, despite her name being associated with the moon, she dislikes the moon itself, For she is reminded of the things that happened when the moon was not around.''

'''Yayoi''': Mikazuki, are you again alone here tonight?

'''Mikazuki''': Yes Yayoi-nee.

'''Yayoi''': I see. Since you rarely interact with us and rather you are a bit more transparent now that when we first saw you, do you think that you can remain invisible all of your life?

'''Mikazuki''': I guess I can if I try.

'''Yayoi''': sigh*

'''Mikazuki''': Yayoi-nee, can I ask you a question?

'''Yayoi''': what is it?

'''Mikazuki''': Do you think, he can see me?

'''Yayoi''': I do not know... I am not him.

'''Mikazuki''': It's fine.

'''Yayoi''': By the way, he is giving this to you.

'''Mikazuki''': what is it?

'''Yayoi''': I didn't dare to open it. I feel like that it's not meant for us to see.

'''Mikazuki''': I see.

'''Yayoi''': Well then, I will go. Eat with us once in a while, you are fine; don't worry... we all care for you. I bet he wants to see you so badly.

'''Mikazuki''': Lies. With Sazanami around, I am invisible.

'''Yayoi''': Well, just look at your gift then. Mikazuki, Goodnight.

'''Mikazuki''': Goodnight Yayoi-nee.

''Yayoi left the rooftop and she went back to her room.''

''Mikazuki on the other hand opens the item. It was an earring of a crescent moon and a necklace that contains a crescent moon.''

'''Mikazuki''': Commander... why are you so kind to me...

''Out of Nowhere there was a reply that went through.''

'''xxx''': Because I care for you just as much as I care for my partners.

'''Mikazuki''': !!!

''Mikazuki looked back to see a gentle figure standing at the doorway towards back of the naval base.''

'''Mikazuki''': Commander...

''Mikazuki stood up and she immediately runs and embraces the guy who was standing in the doorway.''

'''Mikazuki''': But how...

'''Hiro''': Well, I did wander a bit and Yayoi passes me the message that you are here. So I went here on my own accord. Anyways, you look beautiful tonight especially when the moon is out tonight.

'''Mikazuki''': Commander. I don't like the moon because it has these worries that I carry inside.

'''Hiro''': Really? well, How About think of me whenever you see the moon. I guess this is better than seeing pointless battles whenever you look at the moon.

'''Mikazuki''': I'll try... But, Commander… I really miss you so much.

'''Hiro''': You rarely visit the office anyways, even though Sazanami didn't mind it at all.

'''Mikazuki''': Because you love her more than you love me. I am scared of getting hurt because I am not the only one in your heart.

'''Hiro''': well... sorry about that. I really love Sazanami more than you are. And I really want to spend the rest of our days being together with her. But the war hasn't changed anything at all... I guess it's good to hog all of you all to myself while the war is still manageable. Because I believe we can pull it through.

'''Mikazuki''': I see. Commander, was there something you want to say to me?

'''Hiro''': Yup... Mikazuki, can I have your hand?

''Mikazuki put her hand above the Admiral's hand and then, the Admiral pulls out a small box out of his hand.''

'''Mikazuki''': is that...

'''Hiro''': Yes, Though It might be too early to give this to you... Mikazuki, will you allow me to put this ring?

'''Mikazuki''': Please do. For I am your moon and your eternal moonlight…

''The admiral took out the engagement ring that contains a crescent moon out of the box and he put it on Mikazuki's ring finger.''

'''Hiro''': And now, I will make a vow to this young lady to be protected from all kinds of harm...

''Then Mikazuki felt that something light was covering her.''

'''Mikazuki''': It's warm Commander.

'''Hiro''': yes I know. I can feel you now. so escaping from me is a big no-no.

'''Mikazuki''': You are a greedy guy Commander. But I do not hate it. In fact, I want to be with you more.

'''Hiro''': Well then, I guess you are officially welcome.

'''Mikazuki''': Please take care of me until the end of time.

'''Hiro''': I will.



''The Admiral kisses Mikazuki's forehead and he stood up and carried Mikazuki in a princess carry. Sazanami who was also there did not mind the development at all for she knows that the Admiral was like this.''



''A few weeks after...''

'''Uzuki''': Mikazuki, you look more brighter than your usual gloomy self, what happened?

'''Mikazuki''': Well... I met my prince charming a few weeks ago. and he has given me the proof of his love.

'''Uzuki''': how nice of you.

'''Yayoi''': Congratulations.

'''Mikazuki''': yup. Well, my only problem is that Kisaragi-neesan seems to be a bit...

'''Uzuki''': Don't worry about her. She is like that because you won the Commander's affection.

'''Mikazuki''': I guess so.

'''Yayoi''': Let's eat then, This food was made by the Commander anyways.

'''Mikazuki''': Alright.

''the three then had a lively breakfast.''

- End
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]