'''''October 24 at the Naval Base. Aoba opened a Q & A with the Admiral pertaining to the crazy event that happened and the crazy things that will happen in the future. Of course, he is interested on how things might develop in his end.'''''

'''Aoba''': Welcome Everyone. Though this is not a live broadcast, I am here to deliver the report that everyone wants to hear. The News about the Admiral Himself.

'''Hiro''': Aoba, Even though you are making an interview, why do you have to make your voice louder?

'''Aoba''': It's because your lovely angels will never hear that today is the interview.

'''Hiro''': I did agree that we can let people in but you sure like dragging people in.

'''Aoba''': Well, I plan on making this a live interview so that we can have some kind of an interaction here. Asides, the Three Maintenance Crew will also see how you actually function.

'''Hiro''': Yeah, I Almost forgotten about that too. So, How come this was passed?

'''Aoba''': Well, Our major sponsors are at the guest seat. So I think they have enough power to make this possible. Asides the food was made by Hiei-san. Don't worry I didn't die eating them so it's safe.

'''Hiro''': Wow, Somehow you made it sound like it's still bad.

'''Aoba''': Oh my! Guys, I recommend Eating Hiei's food, It was delectable and very tasty. Please try and get lost in heaven.

'''Hiro''': ... I guess that would pass.

'''Aoba''': Well, well, since we are Full now, I think It's time for us to start the main Event.

'''Hiro''': how I wish this would only be a recording. Whatever.



'''''Interview Proper.'''''

'''Aoba''': Well then, Let's talk about your recent activities. What are the highs and lows of our activities.

'''Hiro''': Firstly, I commend all those who worked hark for the stability of our base. Well, well. Since I am kinda secretive person, you might found this news still news despite being a bit old.

'''Aoba''': Really!?

'''Hiro''': Well to those who haven't heard, We Are actually in the process of Tackling Normal Difficulty. Though I think We can only tackle at least 2 maps with that in mind, It only means that we are getting stronger. And I can see to their eyes the will to strive for greater heights.

'''Aoba''': I see. That's why we saw many of our ships getting a remodel over the past few weeks.

'''Hiro''': Yes. Asides, this might have not been possible without the help of my trusted fleet.

'''Aoba''': Such Nice work you have done over the past few weeks. Say, How much do you look forward to the next operation?

'''Hiro''': Sadly, that part is something I can't guarantee. Because our expected estimate turns a bit awry. We are having a medium scale battle this time around. We can't really afford to take a break or two though. But Let me Remind you that you are all good ships, all of your contributions will be counted.

'''Aoba''': I see. So how did you arrived at that hypothesis?

'''Hiro''': Oh, We communicated with the other Admirals Via the internet and we actually arrived to the point that it's decided that this is the scale of our next main operations.

'''Aoba''': Hmm. Good. Say, what are the other good things that happened here?

'''Hiro''': The Carrier groups knew this already, but others didn't knew this until today. So let me reintroduce you to the Aviation Maintenance group that is responsible to the Aircrafts you use.

'''All''': Oooooh!

'''Aoba''': I see, this was news to me. (Damn, how come I didn't knew this move of his?)

'''Hiro''': Oh, for the record, All of those who are not carriers or those who can't carry Zuiuns or seaplanes can't enter the Mechanic's Den. I am just doing this based on Compliance to the set rules.

'''Aoba''': Hmmm... I see, so I can actually enter there if I wanted too.

'''Hiro''': But, since you are semi-retired, I will not allow you to pester them...

'''Aoba''': How cruel.

'''Hiro''': They are the first team. Later on, I'll be bringing a next batch. Of course, if this ends in a positive note itself.

'''Aoba''': I see. So, are there Any more questions from the Audience that you might want to ask?
''
One hand was raised... It was Maya's hand.''

'''Maya''': Admiral, You haven't mentioned their names at all, How can we communicate with them!

'''Hiro''': Oh. What a blunder. Sorry about that. You three, can you come up here.


''
The three Mechanics went up to the stage and made their introductions.''

'''Jiro''': I am Jiro Weiss. I am a half foreigner and A senior Mechanic of the 3rd Mechanic Divivsion fof the Army. By the way, Even though I am a bit old, i am proud of my skills as a mechanic. So rest assured that your planes is in safe hands.
''
The crowd clapped loudly. hen Miyako Started delivering her speech.''

'''Miyako''': Ahem! I am Miyako Weiss. I am the daughter of Mr Jiro and a fellow comrade in 3rd Mechanic Division. As much as my father was blessed with Wisdom, I am on the other hand has great talents that can be of use to you...

'''Hiro''': Miyako, Stop being formal in front of them... It doesn't suit you!

'''Miyako''': Shut Up! By the way, I am friends with that freak Admiral of yours, But unlike him... I choose everyone. So Ladies, if you think you have fallen for me, Please line up in my work place tomorrow, I'll accommodate you all!?

'''Hiro''': Stop flirting with my Girls!

'''Miyako''': Whatever. I am Miyako, nice meeting you all. Like my Dad says to me when I was young. I'll make sure that your trust is not wasted. Thank you!
''
The audience Claps at Miyako's sincere entry. Then, Jiro holds the mic and started saying his speech.''

'''Kuro''': I... I... I... Am... Am... Kuro... Kurogane of the the 3rd Mechanic Division... I am...

'''Hiro''': Kurogane, You don't look confident at all.

'''Kuro''': Sorry! I am a bit tense.

'''Hiro''': I see. I have this magic trick to teach you to make yourself more confident.

'''Kuro''': really?

'''Sazanami '''(Sponsor): Master, You are eating time and Please don't haze the Mechanic. Katsuragi-san told me that she will speak for him.

'''Hiro''': really? Katsuragi, Are you sure?

'''Katsuragi''': Yes sir! I am doing him a favor.

'''Hiro''': Alright. Do your thing.

'''Kuro''': (Hmm, i wonder what will she says)

'''Katsuragi''': He is Kurogane Shiroishi. He is the protege of the Veteran Mechanic Jiro Weiss. He is blessed with Technical Aptitude towards aviation and knows how our planes mechanics at heart. But, he is still an inexperienced guy just what Mr. Jiro has told us. Kurogane-san is making that up with his fresh ideas on how we can improve our performance as carriers and how we can become better handlers. As a mechanic, He is young and inexperienced. But have faith in him. He can also do what the other two mechanics can do. That's all.

''The hall was silent at first but Katsuragi started clapping for him, Zuikaku followed suite and the rest just clapped along with them.''

'''Hiro''': I see Kuro, two of my carriers has eyes on you. What will you do?

'''Kuro''': Shut it Hiro, I like Shoukaku-san the best.

'''Hiro''': I see. Good luck with the three of them...

'''Kuro''': ... (somehow, he knows what I am thinking.) I'll try not to cause unnecessary troubles for you.

'''Hiro''': I really don't mind it. Asides, I still have to made a vow to any of them if I had the opportunity to do so. But for now, that is unneeded. You are free to choose who they love. They are also free to choose who they love.

'''Kuro''': I see, So you really have changed a lot. Back then, you torture the people that don't follow your orders.

'''Hiro''': Well, under normal circumstances, They are treated as girls, But... My elite people are trained like soldiers.

'''Kuro''': ... (now I know why his aura doesn't change at all.) How cruel.

'''Hiro''': Man, we are at war... We need to utilize every available motivated and willing people to be better soldiers.

'''Kuro''': alright, you haven't changed at all.

'''Hiro''': See! I told you!

''The three mechanic went to their seats. Unexpectedly Katsuragi was waiting for Kuro there...''

''But the focus of everyone was then shifted back at the stage.''

'''Aoba''': Well then! In continuity of my question a while ago, What are the major downpoints as of this time?

'''Hiro''': Well, fishing for Pacific Saury deemed to be really hard. I myself forfeited the participation of this silly campaign. But, we still haul fishes as an agreement with the neighborhood fishermen. I owe them a place to start this base too. and to be exact, we caught more fishes by using nets than going through 3-3.

'''Aoba''': really!?

'''Hiro''': Well, Pacific Saury was bad for my sanity.

'''Aoba''': Are there any bad days you had?

'''Hiro''': No more. I still like this tranquility so yeah. I'd rather send my teams grinding to Kiska Islands.

'''Aoba''': Well people. The first part is over. WE will have a 10 minute break. We will distribute the first batch of food to you.

'''All''': yeah!

'''Hiro''': Finally, A break!

'''''- ten minutes intermission -'''''

''Sazanami and Samidare went to ask me some questions.''

'''Samidare''': Admiral, Aren't you going to tell the other operations we had?

'''Hiro''': Well, the Abyssal Admiral is still considered as a top-secret by the higher ups. so I can't tell them here. Asides, the Aleutian campaigns was already written in Aoba's paper.

'''Sazanami''': I see. Say, does your hand still hurt?

'''Hiro''': Not anymore. Suzukaze kissed it too just to be sure.

'''Samidare''': Why does Suzukaze gets the better parts. I don't like it.

'''Sazanami ''': You can also rely on me... Why Suzukaze?

'''Hiro''': Suzukaze is special... asides, I did discuss to you that she is my protector.

'''Samidare''': I still don't like it... Even though we can do many things, we really can't help you heal your wounds.

'''Sazanami''': Master, you can count on us more! I am sure that we can learn to heal your wounds too or better if we can help you in that fight.

'''Hiro''': I can't let you two be at risk of dying there. He is strong and all. I am sure if you two came to help me, we still can't beat him. I feel that he is hiding a lot of power. And looks like I am correct. Arare confirmed it to me while she was fighting that guy. The only reason why we are able to make it back because Kumano finish him off with a long range snipe.

'''Sazanami''': ...

'''Samidare''': ...

'''Hiro''': Don't worry, there won't be missions that will require us to resort to those methods. It's an emergency and I don't want to lose my only way of getting official photos for documentation purposes.

'''Samidare''': How cold.

'''Sazanami''': Yeah, So cold.

'''Hiro''': Girls, I am just kidding. She is a comrade-in-arms, we need to save them as far as we can. I just don't want to see you get hurt. I am still your knight after all.

'''Samidare''': ... (red)

'''Sazanami''': ... (red)

'''Hiro''': well, then did you two eat already?

'''Samidare and Sazanami:''' No.

Hiro: Take these. These are my snack for today, but since there's this great interview, these will be wasted. I'll just give them to you two.

'''Samidare and Sazanami''': Yes!

''The two left with smiles in their face.''

'''Aoba''': How cruel. Even though I am your teacher.

'''Hiro''': Well, I am just lighting up the mood. they are concerned with my injury.

'''Aoba''': Well, it can't be helped. You fought an undeniably crazy monster. Luckily, You actually know how to cure yourself. Arare was poisoned after that battle.

'''Hiro''': Yeah. That's the reason why I didn't tell them anything more than what they know.

'''Aoba''': You are nice. But I hope you should trust them more.

'''Hiro''': I'll try.
''
Arare went to the stage and also ask the Admiral.''

'''Arare''': Admiral, Are your wounds closing now?

'''Hiro''': Yeah. Sorry for poisoning you though. We had to use that Kill switch for that useless thing.

'''Arare''': it's fine. Asides, not using it will be bad for us at the long run.

'''Hiro''': I see.

'''Arare''': So, How's Suzukaze-san?

'''Hiro''': As usual, she is cheerful.

'''Arare''': I am envious of her ability.

'''Hiro''': Don't compare yourself to that girl. She is a spirit herself.

'''Arare''': ?

'''Hiro''': Well, how's your movements and strength?

'''Arare''': It's fine now and I can destroy anything now. I guess this counts as okay.

'''Hiro''': Yeah. Sorry again for poisoning you with that curse.

'''Arare''': I don't mind. It seemed that we had been connected a lot for the last few days. How's the other 'me'?

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Arare''': ?

'''Hiro''': I am thankful for her.

'''Arare''': ?

'''Hiro''': well, since you don't know... I guess it's fine.

'''Arare''': !

'''Hiro''': well Arare, Take some rest. since you are not in exped today take it a bit easy.

'''Arare''': Yes Onii-chan.

''

Arare walks out of the stage and went back to her own seat.''
''
Then, ten minutes has passed.''

- Intermission ends -



'''Aoba''': Welcome back folks. Since we had eaten our snacks for today, and we had a great time knowing others too. Let's have the round two of our Interview with the Admiral. This time. We'll be having a Q and A based on the Questions you wrote.

'''All''': WooooH!!!

'''Hiro''': This is crazy...

'''Aoba''': Well, they all want to know a thing or two about you. Asides, your secretary is smiling at you...

'''Hiro''': Sazanami will not miss this part. Samidare will kill me If I say something right?

'''Aoba''': Hahahahahah! Don't worry about that today.

'''Hiro''': Looks like I have to run after this interview is over.

'''Aoba''': Well, that depends on your answers though. But tough luck to you...

'''Hiro''': I give up.

'''Aoba''': well then!, Here's the question from 'Ms. Accountant'...

'''Hiro''': ... I think I know her. (Kinugasa!?)

'''Aoba''': Well, this is her question anyways. Admiral, Since you are a great leader and all... What is the thing that makes you scared and what makes you want to run away from.

'''Hiro''': Hmm... Seeing Sazanami's not-so-innocent smile , seeing Samidare's glare reminds me of AD Hime, Seeing Wo kais in a map, Eating bad food, and lastly... I am scared of seeing one of you die or sink in front of me.

'''All''': Awww...

'''Aoba''': Wow, that was nice for you to say. You sure had won their hearts a bit.

'''Hiro''': Well, I am the commanding officer after all.

'''Aoba''': Moving on, This is from our sender name 'Blue princess'...

'''Hiro''': ... (Samidare, I guess)

'''Aoba''': Here's my question, If you ever wanted to start over. Which one of us will you take to start over?

'''Hiro''': Well, starting over is hard. But If I do have to restart... Maybe sometime in the far future. I do have to pick Sazanami. Because I needed to finish all of my paperwork faster. Asides, I had confidence in her clerical skills.

'''Aoba''': Someone's not gonna be happy about that answer.

'''Hiro''': Well, she did asked me this question anyways. I hope I don't get torpedoed as I walk out of this hall.

'''The '''others laugh at his statement as if he is making a joke out of it...

'''Aoba''': Well, I guess some of them will never get it anyways. Moving on, I have a letter from 'blond genius'...

'''Hiro''': (definitely I-8)

'''Aoba''': Here's my question, I am quite tired of doing Orel. What can we Subs do next?

'''Hiro''': Clear Sav Islands would be my best answer. But since the map is truly hardcore and bad for routing without destroyers. I guess training there will not be bad, But if HQ got a word that I purposely lose some rounds, They might not let me join the campaign.

'''Aoba''': That must be hard for you... After all, it's insane.

'''Hiro''': How about I send you there right now Aoba?

'''Aoba''': I'll pass on that. Asides I'm retired you know?

'''Hiro''': Well whatever. Say are there more questions?

'''Aoba''': Here there's more... This one came from 'Villager B'...

'''Hiro''': ... (Isonami?)

'''Aoba''': If we destroyers became somewhat mature enough and develop some of our womanly characteristics... Who would you date first?

'''Hiro''': That's a bit hard of a question. But If I have to choose someone for a date and she is a grown-up now, I'll have to go with Samidare. Because she is beautiful, has very good outlook in life and very caring. She is a great girl for all I know.

'''Aoba''': Wow Admiral. Someone is really happy to hear that answer...

'''Hiro''': Well, she is indeed my first choice.

'''Aoba''': Let's move on on this next question. This came form 'British Lady'...

'''Hiro''': (Kongou)

'''Aoba''': Admiral, I'm level 98. please marry me!!!

'''Hiro''': I knew it!. Sorry Kongou. I'll be killed if I do that.

'''Kongou''': Admiral. I'll protect you with all of my might!!!

'''Hiro''': I'll still be killed if you protect me.

'''Aoba''': How complicated this setting is.

'''Samidare''': Kongou, Lay off your hands on my man! [Speaks in English]

'''Kongou''': ...

'''Aoba''': whoa, whoa! girls be friendly to one another, will ya?

'''Hiei''': Nee-sama, Let's stop aggravating the destroyer. We can't fight her the way we are right now.

'''Kongou''': Okay Hiei...

'''Aoba''': Phew. That was close. Next question came from 'cute rabbits'...

'''Hiro''': (Uzuki?)

'''Aoba''': I heard that Kinugasa-san was happy a few days ago. What did you two did?

'''Hiro''': We went on a date.

'''Others''': Date?

'''Hiro''': Oh no...

'''Aoba''': Somehow, Sazanami is smiling right now.

'''Hiro''': Please don't remind me of that.

'''Aoba''': Alright. (I didn't got a scoop about that date. My camera was broken when I was going to tail them.)

'''Hiro''': Anyways, I am a bit strict on that but since I do not forbid activities that promotes romance, you can ask me for a date. (If any of you can actually pass on the guards I currently have.)

'''Aoba''': well, that was refreshing to hear that from you... Moving on, Next sender came from 'Golden crane'

'''Hiro''': (Zuikaku)

'''Aoba''': 'currently, I am in love with someone else other than the Admiral... Am I allowed to love that person?'

'''Hiro''': (she must be talking about Kurogane.) You know Golden crane. I am fine with anyone who you chose for as long as he adheres to the rules of this base. Got it? If he has plans on making it up to you and taking something away from you... I'm okay with that for as long as you two are ready for the consequences the action you two made. Please report me if you two are going out.

'''Aoba''': That's too harsh. Are you sure that...

'''Hiro''': I am actually am smiling for this development. Aoba, more questions.

'''Aoba''': Okay. This Question came from 'Center nova'...

'''Hiro''': (AKB0048 reference... Naka?)

'''Aoba''': I am currently happy about my work and all. But recently, It seems that my fans are getting fewer... Say, What can I do to make my fans go back?

'''Hiro''': Ah... Well, this is the trick to that. DO something new or fresh. Or better yet, Make new songs, I'll be listening to it too.

'''Aoba''': What a supportive Admiral...

'''Hiro''': I am her manager after all... Say, why was your face suddenly got so white?

'''Aoba''': (remembers Naka's Murderous Aura) Nothing at all...

'''Hiro''': Then we are good.

'''Aoba''': Moving on, his question came from 'dancing queen'

'''Hiro''': (Maikaze)

'''Aoba''': Admiral, It seems that aside from you and Kiso-san, there are a few people have take interest to ballet. Shall I accommodate them too? But I'll lose my time Dancing with you If I do that.

'''Hiro''': You know, as your responsibilities increases, you cannot do the things you only do for fun. That's work. Asides, It would be rude to turn them down if they really want to dance too.

'''Aoba''': Oh. I wanted to participate in that lesson too...

'''Hiro''': You seemed to be having a lot of free time lately.

'''Aoba''': My camera always got shot whenever I try to tail you!

'''Hiro''': I'm sorry for your camera...

'''Aoba''': How about me!!!

'''Hiro''': (blank) I really am sorry for you too...

'''Aoba''': Alright... Apology accepted. (grrrr....); Moving on, the next sender came from 'True princess'

'''Hiro''': (Kumano)

'''Aoba''': let's see... I am currently getting good at sniping and since you also taught me basic moves on how snipes must do when they are discovered. Admiral, If you are not in the military service, Would you be my personal teacher?

'''Hiro''': (seems indirect...) Well, I don't know about that. But I think I'll just become a chef and make great foods for people to eat. You see, If I had the time, I think I can teach you something . But I'll pass on the personal teacher occupation.

'''Aoba''': Hmm... I think it's crisis averted. Moving on... This question came from 'blue glasses'...

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Aoba''': I want to you to... hey, how do you read this?

'''Hiro''': Can I look...
''
The two of them read the question that was written in the piece of paper.''

'''Hiro''': !!!

'''Aoba''': Hohoh!!!

'''Hiro''': I see... Thanks for saying that to me. But, if you want to continue... I'll pray for your safety.

'''Aoba''': Are you sure about that?

'''Hiro''': Well, I think that's not what she meant for that. But really, It's been a long time since I read something like this.

'''Aoba''': really?

'''Hiro''': Yes.

'''Aoba''': Alright.  Moving on, This question came from 'golden crane's imouto'...

'''Hiro''': (ah, It's Katsuragi...)

'''Aoba''': This is the question... I love a certain guy, but he likes the sister of my sempai... and my sempai also loves him. Even though I want to make sempai happy, But everytime I see him, My heart jumps and I am happy to see his face. But lately, I am awkward wenever I am left alone with him. Admiral Can you give me an advice on that matter?

'''Hiro''': You know. I can't say that to you as of now... But if you make an appointment with Sazanami... and please notify that you are that sender. She'll let you pass and I'll say something about that guy. Don't worry. I know what to say about him.

'''Aoba''': Are you sure that?

'''Hiro''': some of them might know who is this and it might not look good on her part. So, I'll keep this matter a matter of life and death and a great secret. Asides, I don't like secrets coming out of the box.

'''Aoba''': I see. Next one is from the our friend 'I am an enka singer for fun'...

'''Hiro''': (that's Kaga, right?)

'''Aoba''': Lately, the young child from the CarDiv5 stopped pestering me for some reason. Only to find out that the reason of that is because she became a ...

'''Hiro''': Aoba... Please stop reading it.

'''Aoba''': Oh!

'''Hiro''': Let me read it.
''
The Admiral read the Question silently.''
'''Hiro''': ...

'''Aoba''': Any Ideas?

'''Hiro''': Well For starters, you are right. She became like that. Say, are you perhaps jealous because she didn't pay you any attention anymore? If so, then try to win that person's heart. (lol)

'''Aoba''': Hey, Don't try to create bigger problems than what there is already!

'''Hiro''': Aoba, You like scoops right?

'''Aoba''': What then?

'''Hiro''': This is a big scoop. Better than the story of mine.

'''Aoba''': (He's baiting me with a juicy story that had potential...)

'''Hiro''': Aoba, I am doing this just to help those who are in need. For as long as they don't request something that might send myself to the wooden container called 'the coffin'. Moving on from that; My advice is that... If you miss her pestering that much, then pester her. She'll bite back at you no matter what. If you want her attention that is more than friends... I think you know what to do. But if not. Then just pester her.

'''Aoba''': I see... Moving on, the next question came from 'Ms. PacMan'

'''Hiro''': (PacMan... Eats a lot... I think it's Akagi)

'''Aoba''': 'Lately, Hiei-san is doing the food for us all, But I don't say that I hated it for she made great meals... but, Can you please cook for us too. I miss the food you made.

'''Hiro''': I'll allocate 2 days of my working schedule to work in the kitchen. Don't worry. I'll be having help from everyone if I needed help.

'''All''': WOW!!!!!

'''Kongou''': Hiei, Admiral will cook again for us!!!

'''Uzuki''': Yayoi... Admiral is making food again!!!

'''Yayoi''': ummm... I missed his food too..

''The room was filled with joy to hear that The Admiral is going to cook again.''

'''Maikaze''': Wait, the Admiral can cook?

''Only Maikaze was left alone for she came here at the time the Admiral doesn't cook anymore.''

'''Aoba''': Everyone, Please settle down a bit. We are thankful for that wonderful news. But let's move on to the next topic. By the way, please thank Akagi-san for that.

'''Hiro''': Hey, why did you give that name away.

'''Others''': It's obvious anyways!

'''Hiro''': Looks like they knew it too...

'''Aoba''': This question came from our friend 'the timid Lion'

'''Hiro''': (Who the heck was that?)

'''Aoba''': You see, I am thankful that you managed to level me up to my Best level... I wonder Admiral, what is your basis in levelling us?

'''Hiro''': Honestly, I didn't know who you are... But hey, If I have to say it it will very devastating to the ones who were left behind. Is that all right for you?

'''Aoba''': Well, she can't answer that...
''
Haguro stood up and she wanted to know what is the Admiral's answer.''

'''Haguro''': Admiral... I wanna know what is your basis on it!

'''Hiro''': (Bingo! It's Haguro alright.) Well, The answer is that is how close someone to the remodel level.

'''Haguro''': ... (ah, Looks like My sis will be mad)

'''Hiro''': ... (Looks like I'll be dealing with the hot heads later on.)

'''Ashigara''': Hey you!!! Make sure you properly level us when you got the opportunity to level us.

'''Nachi''': If you don't, we'll make sure that We'll convince you by force.

'''Hiro''': Yes Miss. I'll do it after the campaign.

''And the two restless Heavy cruisers gave each other High fives to one another.''

'''Hiro''': (crisis averted)...

'''Aoba''': Well then, Let's move on to our next sender. This came from... 'stripped angel'

'''Hiro''': Aoba! Can I look at that?

'''Aoba''': Okay...

'''Hiro''': It's named 'Striped angel'!

'''Aoba''': Oh!

'''Others''': OH!

'''Hiro''': Hey...

'''Aoba''': By the way, This is her question; 'Admiral, thank you for taking care of us. Somehow, we sisters are really indebted to you. Is there a way where we can pay you back for taking care of us? My suggestion is that you marry us all four.

'''Hiro''': Even though I have been taking care of you sisters since the day you came to the base. I am not going to marry the four of you... but, you can help me by helping me with my campaign that will happen next month. I'll be needing you help in this matter.

'''Aoba''': Whoa... that's brave of her. Thinking of her sisters too.

'''Hiro''': That's natural, she is a good natured girl after all. And she is kind for as long as she doesn't stepped that line.

'''Aoba''': What line?

'''Hiro''': the boundary of being too caring and being a 'yandere'.

'''Aoba''': sounds like I am happy that she is just caring and all.

'''Hiro''': yeah.

'''Aoba''': Moving on, this letter came from 'April'.

'''Hiro''': (Yayoi... I presume)

'''Aoba''': I have this stiff expression that I wanted to remove so that I can sincerly smile at this special person that me and my sis admires. Admiral, how can I remove it?

'''Hiro''': Well, the most effective way of removing that is just practice smiling. You'll notice that your face will get use to it and in no time, You can face that person with a smile.

'''Aoba''': Uuuu. That's nice of you!

'''Hiro''': Well, I guess you can never be too old to learn how to smile. Also, your smile can change your perspective about the world.

'''Aoba''': I see! Then let's move on to the next question. This came from 'Amor'

'''Hiro''': (Roma!?)

'''Aoba''': Well, here's the question... I am sooooo in love with this guy who was so cool and very reliable. And someone adviced us to cook for him if you want to win his heat. What food does a guy wants?

'''Hiro''': Hmmm...(this could have been written by Italia in her stead) Seems the question seems so vague. Asides, I have different preferences about food too. But, Let me generalize a bit about what food guys want. Firstly, They all want MEAT! All men, including me wants meat. No more explanation! Second to that is that guys want to eat Rice! Because that's where our energy came from. Lastly, We guys want to eat...

'''Aoba''': Let me guess, something made with love?

'''Hiro''': ...BzzzzT.

'''Aoba''': Eh!!!!????

'''Hiro''': Listen here Aoba, Love can't make a bad food into a delectable one. And Love can't make a great food into a legendary food.

'''Aoba''': How philosophical!

'''Hiro''': that's how the world goes.

'''Aoba''': okay.

'''Hiro''': Lastly, We guys want to eat food from the one who made the food for us with sincerity and consideration for us.

'''Aoba''': What's different in your statement?

'''Hiro''': In making food, one must know what kind of person they want to give their food. If he is a busy person, he needs something that is a bit heavy but easy to chew or swallow and has nutrients for our continuity. If the person is a bit sickly, Give him light meals filled with Vitamis and minerals and some medicinal herbs. It'll rejuvinate his body and makes fighting sickess possible.

'''Aoba''': I see...

'''Hiro''': Of course, it always has that 'love' factor. You need to love that person to know what kind of person he is. But please refrain from stalking... Seriously!

'''Aoba''': okay. That was very informative for others too. Please expect tons of food from now on.

'''Hiro''': I doubt about that.

'''Aoba''': I'll deliver it to you If I must...

'''Hiro''': Sounds like you are willing to make money for the camera you broke.

'''Aoba''': I need it so badly!!! I can't take a scoop because my camera always gets destroyed in the process! I think I am cursed that I want to cry so bad.

'''Hiro''': (Poor Kumano, you made someone cry.)

'''Aoba''': Moving on, This came from our friend 'Not a bad chef anymore'

'''Hiro''': (Hiei...)

'''Aoba''': Can you help me once in a while in the kitchen?

'''Hiro''': Of Course yes. You can also help me when I needed everybody's help.

'''Aoba''': Okay. Well that is something we should look forward to...

'''Hiro''': Yeah...

'''Aoba''': Moving on, This question came from 'definitely not useless at all'.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Aoba''': ...

'''Hiro''': Continue.

'''Aoba''': Oh, Here's the question... I realized that I am not really sortied from time to time. Say, Am I really that useless?

'''Hiro''': Well honestly. Yes, you are pretty useless.

''Akitushima who was sitting on the corner started to cry a river of tears.''

'''Hiro''': But, There will come a time that you'll be needed, So cheer up. I am not a gentleman if I made someone cry.

'''Akitsushima''': Admiral...

'''Aoba''': Well folks, Was our Admiral a gentleman?

'''Others''': Of course he is!!!

'''Aoba''': (How come they follow him so blindly.)

'''Hiro''': Well, I just throw a harsh retort. I repent on that.

'''Aoba''': Oh well, at least you are a knight.

'''Hiro''': well, let's move on. We still have more right?

'''Aoba''': Here's one question from our friend 'I am happy to be a bit lucky.'

'''Hiro''': (Fusou... I am happy that you are still optimistic. I will cry for you!)

'''Aoba''': Admiral, why are you crying?

'''Hiro''': I remembered something. Please continue.

'''Aoba''': Thanks for levelling me! When will you level My sister?

'''Hiro''': After the preparations for your second remodel is done. I'll immediately level your sister.

'''Aoba''': Somehow, you are touched by that person's optimism.

'''Hiro''': well, she was cursed anyways. But I am happy that she is optimistic.

'''Aoba''': Ah, such virtue. She is a Yamato Nadeshiko too...

'''Hiro''': Yeah.

'''Aoba''': Moving on, This came from our friend 'Blizzard'

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Aoba''': Well, she said that why do you level me last?

'''Hiro''': I am sorry to tell you But, I want to save the best for last.

'''Aoba''': (Whispers to the Admiral) Are you sure you are not sugarcoating your words?

'''Hiro''': (whispers to Aoba) I am sugarcoating it! But please play along with it.

'''Aoba''': Oh. I see! Let's move on to that and read the question from our friend named 'I am SWAG'

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Aoba''': ...

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Aoba''': ...

'''Hiro''': Are you sure she used that?

'''Aoba''': Yes, that's what she submitted to me.

'''Hiro''': Great...

'''Aoba''': Well, let's move forward. 'Admiral, I love you...'

'''Hiro''': Stop!!!  I am getting glares from Samidare and Sazanami is smiling innocently.

'''Aoba''': Me too, I am feeling the chill that emanates from the two of them.

'''Hiro''': Let me read it...

'''Aoba''': Okay....
''
Aoba and the Admiral read the question that they received.''

'''Aoba''': How come...

'''Hiro''': I forgot that this base has her too and to be honest she is a bit worse that the one that Lars has.

'''Aoba''': Lars?

'''Hiro''': I'll talk to you about that later.

'''Aoba''': But then, We need to say something.

'''Hiro''': Yeah.

'''Aoba''': Here comes nothing!

'''Hiro''': Thanks for giving that heart warming question. Sure you have stirred not only my heart but also the people who knew me, hahahah! By the way, please come to me if you think this thing you have is not superficial... That's all.

'''Aoba''': Phew. That's close.

'''Hiro''': Somehow, they felt that the air has gotten chiller a bit.

'''Aoba''': Don't worry, It's just the AC getting into you... Moving on to that, we and a question came from 'January'

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Aoba''': Admiral...

'''Hiro''': What was it?

'''Aoba''': (whispers to the admiral) Another one....

'''Hiro''': (sighs)

'''Aoba''': Well then.

'''Hiro''': If you think it's not superficial. Come back to me at the later time. Don't worry. I'll work on your second remodel too.

'''Aoba''': Somehow, we got these letters that sends us to the hot seat. Moving on, The last question is here.

'''Hiro''': Last question?

'''Aoba''': Yes. This question came from 'girl in pink.'

'''Hiro''': Hmm...

'''Aoba''': This is the question, I am currently in love with a certain guy, But I can't shake the feeling that whenever he is seeing other girls, I can't shake the feeling that he is doing wrong things to them or he might be doing something that can make her love him more. I wanted to stop him somehow. But lately,  I am worried that he really is not looking at me anymore. I wanted to shine. But I am drowned in the worries I had. Can you please help me in dealing with that?

'''Hiro''': (Sazanami...)

'''Aoba''': Admiral?

''The Admiral went to the sponsor's seat and took Sazanami by her hand and took her out of the function room. He took her to the rooftop and there he Embraced her so tightly.''

'''Sazanami''': Master!?

'''Hiro''': Shut up Sazanami! I am doing this to calm your insecurities. I am sorry, For this Knight to fail to make my princess to feel safe. I am not Worthy of your worries at all.

'''Sazanami''': Master... Thanks for knowing that it's me.

'''Hiro''': It's frigging obvious. You are wearing that pink dress I requested Nagato to made. There's no way I'll never see that question coming. Asides, I knew you are the most insecure girl I've ever met...

'''Sazanami''': Stupid... For you to make me worry so much. I feel like I am the wife of the most unfaithful man.

'''Hiro''': Well that's the truth, But we are not married yet. And we are not in that relationship yet. Despite others claiming that I am in a relationship with them, In truth; I am not tied to any. I might have been engaged to Kino but she is a different case. Sorry if I ever hurt you but I need a lot of time to think things through.

'''Sazanami''': Oh well, Since we are semi-immortals anyways, I guess I can wait even a millenium just to hear your answer. But, Don't kept me hanging... Okay?

'''Hiro''': Yeah. It's a promise.
''
They felt the world is revolving around them. They were too engrossed with one another that they didn't noticed the peanut gallery that followed them from the Function room.''

'''Kinugasa''': Looks like I need to work hard to win his heart.

'''Samidare''': Sazanami-chan... I am glad for you. Really am glad for you!

'''Kumano''': Oh well, I'll work a better strategy this time around.
''
The three competitors left the scene and went back to the function room.''



'''Choukai''': ... (how I wish It was me in her place)

'''Roma''': (I'll win next time.)

'''Kiso''': ...

'''Maikaze''': Dawww... I'll do better next time.

'''Shoukaku''': Admiral...

'''Ryuujou''': Oh well... I can't beat that girl this time around. Better regroup.

''The other six left the scene.''
''
And the people around left and return to the function room.''
''
The Admiral and Sazanami returned to their senses and they decided to return to the Function room. As they entered, all of them applauded to their entrance.''

'''Hiro''': Looks like I made some ruckus this time around.

'''Sazanami''': Oh well, I guess I can only make you do that...
''
Sazanami winks and returns to her seat she smiled happily as if her wish this christmas was already given. As of now, Sazanami's smile is genuinely innocent.''



'''Aoba''': Sorry for the delay the Admiral has caused us to bear. Well Moving on to that, Our Admiral has actually prepared an annoucement this time around. Please listen to this.

'''Others''': Could it be...

'''Hiro''': If you are thinking that I am going to marry someone... I better left that decision into a latter date. But for now, I have two important annoucements on hand. Firstly, This coming November. We are heading into the enemy waters once again. As of the moment, you know I am training people left and right so that we can be operational when that time comes. I hope that we can be ready a week before the moment of truth.

'''Aoba''': Wow. Such Bold statement. Where are we going this time?

'''Hiro''': If the intel is right, It's the battle of Kolombagara.

'''Musashi''': !?

'''Hiro''': Well, there's no need to worry Musashi-san. You are stronger now that the last time you've been there. You can ram all the way to victory.

'''Aoba''': I think that this is going to be interesting.

'''Hiro''': Yeah. It will be great. Secondly, There's someone I want you all to teach; especially about the way of the secretary.

'''Others''': !!!

'''Hiro''': Don't worry, she doesn't bite at all, But she is a bit 'bipolar' so please be understanding. This coming November, She'll be visiting us from Hashirajima Anchorage... Her name is Kasumi. She is the secretarty ship of the friend I have there. Please be kind to her.

'''Others''': ...

'''Sazanami''': Wait! How come Even I don't know this?


'''Hiro''': Because the Admiral used the personal communication line so Only I and Kumano knew that she is coming. I guess I forgot to mention this earlier to you guys, But I used this meeting to tell everyone the news I am expecting. Please be kind to Kasumi-san.

''The crowd has gone quiet...''

'''Aoba''': (whispers at Admiral's ear) This is bad...

'''Hiro''': Yeah. But I have a resolution to that because  know this would happen.

'''Aoba''': really?

'''Hiro''': By the way, I have a very exciting announcement. In October 31, We'll be having a Trick or Treat and We will hold a Halloween party. Be sure to dress up beautifully. The one who wore the best dress will get a special request from me, But please make it possible for me or something that will send me to the grave.
''
The whole crowd goes wild.''

'''Aoba''':(Mic Off) Are you sure about this?

'''Hiro''': Well, It's a bet and a hard bet to boot. Next week, we'll be busy with the preparation. Luckily, Since you are not doing the secret job of yours for now, I want you to help me collect funding, And a bit PR for the base. I want it to be open for civilans too...

'''Aoba''': Okay. Got that!

'''Sazanami''': Is this fine? You are about to get involved into something crazy again.

'''Hiro''': Well, They knew that I can grant that request of theirs... for as long as it's impossible for me. Plus, I am for waiting for someone to make a transformation. It's time for the crane to spread it's wings and fly.

'''Sazanami''': You don't say...

'''Hiro''': If I am correct, The lucky one will make a move so that her wish will be realized...



'''Aoba''': (Mic On) Well then folks! Let's have a nice night ahead of us. Sweet dreams and Goodnight!

''The curtain closes and all of them returned to their own rooms. The only ones who were awake were The Admiral and Sazanami who were sitting in the balcony, looking at the vast ocean.''


'''Hiro''': Say, Did this make a lovely place for a date?

'''Sazanami''': I knew that you are up to something. But, it's not bad at all. Since Aoba has no camera to spare, I guess I can do whatever I want with the Admiral.

'''Hiro''': Hahahah! But I can't do that to you right now.

'''Sazanami''': Well, I am fine with that. i'll just put some aphrodisiac in your food and you'll be doing that to me in the future.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Sazanami''': But, Thanks for embracing me. all of the doubts I had vanished in an instant. I kinda wished you also kissed...Mmm.

''The The Admiral Kissed Sazanami without Reserve.''

'''Sazanami''': Master... I mean Hiro-san, Please let me finish talking before kissing me.

'''Hiro''': Sorry, I can't help but put my lips into yours.

'''Sazanami''': Silly... Let's do that together.

'''Hiro''': Yeah...




''
And the night comes to a close...''

'''''-end.'''''
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]