There was once a dream that many of us have seen<br />A dream only tells a story of tragedies above the sea

I have seen how their hot metal crushed us in and out<br />And how our hot metals used to crush the in and out.

I might have been a survivor on that day<br />But I will not know if I will last for today

I might have laughed with my friends, and subordinates,<br />And then, I will see how each of them meets their own fate

But it was all just a lingering dream of mine from the past.<br />A very dark chapter of my life that has now come to past<br />For now, I have been reborn into the world where the sea is vast<br />Fighting the remnants of ourselves who have been caught in the past

I will be glad to help them<br />Even if I sink trying to help them<br />Because All I know is a single poem<br />Of a girl who had was a part of them

I have been reborn into this world as a person,<br />We have been taught, love, fight, and survive like a person<br />For all I know is that we are born to serve that person<br />Because we owe everything we have to that person

But, that person didn't just trained us fight<br />He also gave wisdom to be smart and ready for flight<br />Because He saw us more than tools made for a fight<br />But also people who also had the future's light

He gave compassion us when we are injured,<br />He talked to us when our hearts were injured,<br />He promises us that our futures were unperturbed,<br />And he had love us all despite being perverted

Oh Admiral, to whom will you give that ring?<br />That makes our hearts jumps in joy and sing<br />Sing the songs of love that have no meaning<br />To us girls who were born to fight other being

Admiral, I know that you have a different taste<br />Because you rarely call whenever you see my face<br />I know that you are saving that love to our ace<br />The one girl who can bring your smile out of your face

Its fine, I am okay. I am totally fine with this<br />Asides, I am weak and I have no great qualities<br />For I am just the girl who help you earn your bliss<br />And helped you get your very own first kiss.

Good luck Admiral, I will still go and fight<br />Or worse do expeditions and never see a fight<br />Or if you have forgotten to check on me on a fight<br />I might sink and go see an endless starless night

Admiral, I will just say these last few words before I might say my goodbye<br />Please take care of your wife if you two have a fight, Just Apologize<br />Please take care of my sisters if you see them doing something bad. They'll be fine<br />And lastly, please if you ever thought of saying goodbye. Visit me<br />Visit me in the place where we first met, to a place where my will is sealed<br />I know you'll rarely visit this place because I know that it's not a place of ease<br />So just pray to me and I might, just might; forgive you in case I sink before everyone<br />Don't worry; I'll smile until the end for I am the first one who made you smile.<br />Admiral, if you ever think of it... I haven't say something before I die<br />Admiral, Thank you, I love you and Congratulations. Oh, I forgot to say... Goodbye.

-end
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Poem]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]