==Heavy Cruiser's unanswered wish==

I am looking at the little box Hiro gave me a few months ago. It was has green ring with no intricate design on it, Thus it was a simple ring. Not a ring we have to use on our engagement when he decides to marry me. But alas, I feel like he is closing his distance to the girl he really loves; Sazanami.

I am just a simple girl with a beautiful face. He is a guy with no unique qualities asides from being a game freak and a skilled cook. I remeber how delicious the food he made despite being of the same age.

"Hiro, I always wonder... why are you so good cooking food?"

"Because I had to cook in order to survive."

"But you mom can cook well. Isn't that right?"

"Yes. But when I was a child something happened that forced me to cook my meals."

"I see... So what did happened?"

"Me and my friend was pranked by someone and we woke up in the top of the mountain with no food or water to drink. It was also in the middle of a blizzard back then."

"Sounds not convincing coming from a guy who loves visiting the arcade everyday."

"You don't need to believe me in that matter. Afterall, my parents thought that I was just lost along the way."

"Hmm... I wonder, why you look so confident despite being smaller in stature?"

"Because height doesn't matters when you fought someone. It's how you move your body that matters."

"So... Are you perhaps a delinquent?"

"No... I try to avoid conflict as much as possible... But with you at my side..."

"Wait... are you perhaps...giving your confession to me... I mean you really want us to be engaged?'

"Idiot. With you by my side, I need to protect you at all costs. I am responsible for your well being. Also, I never said that I love you."

"FIne. I know that. But say, when will you find that childhood friend of yours?"

"Well... I hope I can graduate in time and land a proper job.

"Looks like I need to strive for the best then."

"Okay... But I did warn you that once I decided... I can't bent it."

"Fine by me. I will submit you to my rules."



And so we always have this little talks that makes us unaware of time. Hiro is a strange guy, He loves games but when I come to get him... He will leave it immediately like I am some sort of a princess to his eyes. He can probable be my dog if he wanted to... But I prefer him to have some kind of personal freedom since I don't want to strangle him with the affairs of my home.

One day at our home. Mom, called me to her study and made an annoucement to me.

"Kino... Listen here. When you two reached the age of 21, you two will get engaged and we will immediately plan the date of your wedding after that? Got it?

"Yes Mom. But, are you sure he will comply to that. I know his mom is a great person with a lot of influence in our country."

"That's exactly what I am after, dear. Hiro's mom is a great figure in the history of this small nation. Her presence was almost godly to us all..."

"Haah. Mom, But Hiro said..." As I exhaheled looking at the absurd facts she was bringing.

"That he wanted to find his on love? Such crazy fool he is. How come he never looks at you. You are a beautiful girl. You are a very beautiful girl that can make almost any guy ask for our hand."

"I know that mom..." I dejectedly looked away from my mom.

"The only reason you are not married into some old man is that I am making sure our future is secured and we would not be defeated by Kumano's parents."

"Kumano-chan? How was she related to this?" I looked surprised to hear a very familiar person in our conversation.

"Her parents are eyeing on him too. But since we made a little deal with Hiro's Mother a long time ago... they just agreed that Kumano-chan will be the substitute bride."

"A substitute. I wonder If Kumano-chan knows it."

"As of now, It's a secret for her. But, Probably Kumano-chan will know it sooner or later."

"..." I bit my lips knowing that her fate was sealed once Hiro left.

"Kino. I want you to make an effort to make him yours."

" yes... mom."

I left the study and went to my room. All I can see in my room is the big mirror that shows who I am externally. I am indeed a beauty. But, I feel empty. I could have all the friends that I could wanted, but The only one who looked at the real me was the guy named Hiro, who happened to be my bethrothed.



We met a few years prior to him moving to town. As I was saying. I was still a free swallow looking for a place to play. But one day, a certain menace arrives.

"You... who are you?' The young guy glared at me as he was covering something in his left hand."

"I am Kino. This is my first time seeing you here? Are you perhaps, Lost?" I replied to him innocently as I offer my hand to him.

"My name is Hiro." I just came here with my mom. She elft me here saying that she will visit a friend's home hoping to do business. Honestly, I hate leaving the town like this. I need to give this... wait, why am I talking to you?"

"You just said that..." As I try to cover my face as he shouted at me.

"Listen. I am supposed to be a knight in shining armor today. But I turned out to be a dog of my mom and she dragged me to this hell hole of a place. There's no sea to look upon." as he spoke those words, he seemed quite anxious about not seeing the sea.

"There's no sea in the city. But I can lead you to where is refreshing." I placed my hand over his and grasped it as I try to tow him towards my secret base.

"I doubt about that? Asides... Whoa!"

I drag the young boy to the place I know of...



It's a place where my mom met my dad when they are young. It was a small garden with a fountain in the middle. Well to be honest, It's on the national park and we are kinda staying here because it's refreshing.

"Here we are. The most interesting place next to the sea!" I let go of his hand to let him witness the beauty of nature.

"Wow... I guess you pass. Who are you anyways?"

"I am Kino. I lived to the house you were standing a while ago."

"I see... So you are destined to become my enemy!"

"Eh!?"

In the end he chased me like I was some sort of an apparition and accidentally I fell to the fountain.

"Waahhh... It's your fault!" I cried a fountain of tears as I try to douse this pain I felt for getting wet."

"It's your fault for falling into the fountain!" He tries to deny it as much as he could... but only to show futility on his effort."

"Waahhh... My favorite dress... You ruined it. My mom will kill me!"

then rather than a stroke of luck. He changed his actions... I wouldn't even call him decisive back then... But, when I spoke the word 'kill' his eyes changed.

"..." I froze from the expression of his.

"Kino-san. Please let me apologize to your mother at your behalf!"

"But..." I try to make him not shoulder the fault that I indeed inflicted upon myself.

"Kino-san... Please let me help you this time around. It's my fault you fell. So I shall shoulder it alone."

He gave his hand to me and carried me back home. When we arrived there, my mom was surprised to see us together. She saw how dirtied my dress was and then as she was about to hurt me, the young Hiro come clean.

"Madam, I am sorry for my actions for ruining your daughter's clothes. Please hit me instead!"

"..."

My mom was shocked to hear those words spoken right to him.

"Hiro... Listen, even if you did a wonderful job in covering someone else's mistakes, please don't let them depend on you."

"I know that mom. But I indeed at fault for letting her fall in the fountain!"

"Hmm... I am troubled about this... Say Kino-chan, was my young Hiro telling the truth?"

"Yes Miss."

" I See. Well then. I think your daughter has no fault to this."

" I see... Kino, go get some change of clothes."

"Yes Mom!"

I went towards to the room, but as I looked back... the young boy was slapped by his mother.



"...", He tried to cover the pain he felt as her mother slapped her on his cheek.

"Hiro, I did tell you not to let others be hurt whenever you are playing?"

"Yes Mom."

"Well then…  We will be moving next year. Hope you welcome us once more."

"What!" The young boy exclaimed as if he was betrayed by his own mom.



I went to my room and changed my clothes. As I remove my old clothes... I was reminded that he would be here the following year to come. Then, my excitement comes up to the roof.





As I thought of the past, I realized that the ledgers are left undone. It was Saturday night and the fleet wasn't sortie back to the last area of our campaign. I drank a cup of tea that was sitting in the table as I tabulate the records and transactions we made for the whole week.

Then, the young man named Hiro came to my room as if he is too familiar with it.

"Kino, Can I have some spare time with you?"

"Not in the moment. Please state your business... Admiral."

"Ouch! That hurts a bit. I tried to be a bit intimate and you shut me down. Well then, come meet me at the rooftop when you are finished. I'll be waiting for you."

He left after he delivered his message to the young girl who only knows how to cook, do bookkeeping and make some irregular deals outside.



As I was saying, I became a business woman in the age of 20. Just a few months then, we would be engaged with Hiro who was still taking up his culinary course. I wonder what he will do after that. Afterall, he was already a graduate of some sort of a degree you normally take for four years, but he just took it for 2 and a half year and finished it becoming a first person to do it.

I ventured a lot on my profession and finally I opened up a business franchise along with some backing of Hiro-san who met a young chef named Mamiya.

"So you must be his partner. I am envious of you. You know, Hiro-san is truly remarkable at making food. I even confessed my feelings for him only to be turned down saying that 'I am already engaged. Sorry about that Mamiya-san.'... I mean, he was truly a guy of a different caliber in making food. Though, I can still defeat him in making sweets and some cold food. In the end he is just a person of a different level."

"I see... So Mamiya-san, how fo you want to venture from here?"

"Simple, I will open a small pastry shop in the metro and sell some confectionary like these kinds of cakes."

Mamiya opened a box of confectionaries containing cookies, pound cake, a small Cake, a gelato and lastly, the Ice cream.

"You see... I am not as confident as Hiro-san is... But, can you help me in making my dream came true?"

"Deal! Let me take it from here and in no time, you'll see an empire made by your food."

"Okay. I guess it’s a deal then. By the way, Use the name Mamiya in the brand in order for the folks to remember."

"Why?" I asked the girl named Mamiya back...

"It was the name given to me by Hiro. You see... I am a nameless person."

"!!!" I was shocked to hear that comment from her.

"Wah... I just gave away my biggest secret of all. I hope Hiro will not make a big deal out of it. Well then. I'll be going. I have a protégé to teach." She waved her hand back and forth and exits the place.

"Hiro... How come you meet strange people from time to time?"



And a few months later, we reached 21. The business plan we formulated becomes a big success and Mamiya-san opened her second branch in a certain rural place saying that 'this is her home headquarters from now on.' and she gave her half right to run the business to me for as long as I share the profits with her.

Honestly, I was indeed tempted to cut ties with her and then filed a suit to get the rest of the rights but as I reminded that she was Hiro's friend. It came to me that she is actually shielding him from the possible attack that I might launch.

"Hah... She is as good as Hiro in making a deal. How long does he know her anyways?"

"Kino, I met her 4 years ago. She was a girl who was selling pancakes on the street."

"Hiro?"

"I tasted her pancakes and I really loved it. More than the ones I made and my mom made. She was truly a genius in the making."

"So what did you do?"

"I immediately bought all those pancakes and resell it to my classmates and they were all stunned by how cheap and tasty the pancakes are. So I decided to make a decision to further make use her quite skill." I save money and finished my classes earlier than I originally planned to."

"So you mean!!!" I was surprised at this decision

"Nope Kino, in the end, we can’t raise the value so I asked my mom if she can make a deal with me?"

"A wager?"

"I told her that I met a person who would become a successful Foodmaker someday, but she didn't have money to study at all. So I borrowed money from her in the pretense that i will study too."

"But Hiro, You don't need to..."

"But it turns out... My skills are also lacking so this was also a blessing in disguise."

"Hiro, what was your wager if you lost?"

"I'll be forgetting my old friend I left there and marrying you instead."

"!!!", I was dumbfounded by the words he uttered as if he was willing to be married to me in order to help Mamiya-san.

"But in the end. It was a grand success. I already paid mom for the expenses Mamiya-san incurred and yup, she said that I could marry her instead of you."

"What's new to her?"

"But of course I refused it because. We are just close friends. That's it."

"I see... so that's why you look so smug right now."

"Heheheh!" He laughs at the taste of his own victory.

"You sure hate to get tied by me." I retorted back.

"Actually, I wanted to lose so badly, I wanted you to take care of me forever." He showed his sincere smile and embraced me as if he is acknowledging me as his equal.

"Thanks Kino. I wonder if we can get married now..."

I was lost for words after he spoke those words.





As I reminisce the past, I realized that I finished all the transaction. It was now 11 in the evening and the food I carried from the canteen turned so cold. I never hated cold food. It's just that Hiro rarely likes cold food unless it's ice cream.

I reheated it and after a minute and a half of stuffing it inside the microwave oven. I immediately eat it as if I missed eating. Surely, this is the worst time for me to eat. Well, Hiro is there to make me work out a bit.

After eating, I went to the designated place he mentioned earlier. As I walk the stairs, I heard Sazanami's laughter from her room as she was having a great conversation from Ushio who was her confidant all along. As I walked slowly from the empty corridors..., I heard a certain announcement from the Sazanami's room.

"I see Sazanami-chan. I am truly glad for your success. Hopefully..."

I lost the sound from the room. Probably Ushio lowered her voice as if she kinda knew who was in the hall. As I walked by I managed to reach the rooftop of the naval base. From there, Hiro was standing there..., waiting for me all along. He was surely not used in waiting for longer periods of time.

"Kino! Looks like you are done for today. Good work as always."

"Yup! It's all thanks to you though that I managed to finished it somewhat earler than the usual."

"C'mon! I know you mean it when you say it like that"

"Yup. Hiro, why did you call me out in this late of night? Can it wait?"

"Well..." He tries to cover something from the clouds of his mind.

"Spit it out Hiro! You are not that kind of person who hesitates a lot. SO what is it?"

"You see. I kinda deferred on my decision on who shall I choose right? Tonight, I am making things work now."

"I see... So, who did you chose? Was it me? But I guess I am not that girl right?"

"Kino, Sorry about that; I am breaking up with our faux engagement."

"It's fine. I know it already. Sazanami-chan was the chosen right?"

"Yes. I owe it all to her. Everything that happens to me at the moment was all because of my decision to protect her at all cost."

"So in the end, you go to anyone who needed your help. Tell me Hiro! What can I do to make you mine!?"

"There's nothing you can do. I believe that when I joined the army, everything was already decided. I decided to hide all the feelings I had inside. I hide it in order for me to do my duty. But in the end, I lost what's important. It’s you."

I fell to my knees hearing those words. In the end, he was protecting me all along the way. He had given up his humanity to protect someone like me and in the end he let that feeling go.

"Kino. Sorry if I decided to end this. Afterall, I shouldn't have left you hanging. Right?"<br />

"..."

"But Kino..."

"Hiro, I knew that you chose her because she is the one who brought that best smile out of your face. so Please, Do not make her cry. I'll punch you and take everything you had and pour it into me."

"Scary, I was wondering why are you not broken at any moment."

"Because; you have broken me a long, long time ago."<br />

"Sorry. But I had fun before. It does not work anymore."

"It's fine. Well then Hiro. I'll deal with my own problems from now on."

He stopped me and he show some smug as if he was prepared for the worse event already.

"Here is my help to that heir issue of yours."

"- Donation? Wahahahahahah!"

I lost it when the paper said Sperm donation and another letter made by Sazanami.

[Kinugasa-san, Please let me remind you that Hiro is now mine. But…, if you want to have some offsprings... I can allow at least once every 6 months. That’s it. I am still having a soccer team with him.]

"Hiro. This girl you are going to marry is as crazy as you!"

"I know. And Since I had enough money to last a lifetime, having soccer team or an American football team makes no difference."

"So when will you go and tell Kumano-chan about this?"

"Probably next week, There might be a slight trouble, but since it's Kumano we are talking about. I can do something about this."

"So how ready are you?"

"Well, I am not ready. But since Sazanami has given me a deadline on this, I guess I better get this already. Kino. Thanks for the time we share. I love everything about you. But now, I am setting this right."

"Alright. Since we came to this. Better make a vow of Celibacy with Kumano-chan so no one can win us over."

"Are you sure?"

"Yup. Because you are the only one we will ever love. That's it."

"I see. Sorry for everything. Well then, I gotta... Huh?"

"Hiro. Please listen to my last request. I am kinda feeling it right now. And since Sazanami's hands has not yet reached you today. I am taking everything you have and put it inside of me..."

"I have a bad feeling about this..."

"Be a man!"

I dragged Hiro into my room to where I had secretly prepared the bed for the two of us. I immediately touched him and kissed him... after that, he attacked me and took control of the whole battle. We had a great night.



Morning came and he left me lying in my bed. He kissed me and left me. As he closed the door, I cried for the love of my life has left and then... everything becomes clear.

"Thanks Hiro, for taking care of my feelings. I wish I can do more with you..."



I cried until I fell asleep... That morning was the morning that I became a child once more.

-end.
==The admiral vs. A sniper's will...==

'''''Kumano was aiming at the guy who was standing near the Ferris wheel some hundreds of meters away. Actually, she was Aiming at the Admiral who was waiting for her arrival. Kumano looked at the lens and see that there was no hesitation and no doubt in his heart that he is here to discuss something about something important.'''''

'''Kumano''': (Hiro-sama... What reason could that be that you need to tell this to me outside? I wonder what was that request that you wanted me to ask. Hmm...)

''As she peeked at the scope that was in her beloved multi-purpose sniper rifle which can modified and also fire a railgun. She looked at the guy who was waiting for her arrival. And then, she put her finger into the trigger and shot the guy's leg.''





''At the Abandoned Amusement park, a young man was shot at his leg.''

'''Hiro''': !? (Looks like she is here afterall; and it seems that I can't solve this problem without getting injured.)

''Then a phone call reaches his phone, He reached for his phone which was on his left pocket and took it. He lift it up and he answered the call.''

'''Hiro''': Kumano, That hurts like heck. Where are you right now?

'''Kumano''': Hiro-sama, I believe you could have known where I am at the moment. But since I shot your leg, your mobility is hampered by half. I can escape anyways if I tried.

'''Hiro''': Liar. With that rifle of yours, I doubt you can run that fast, that's why you aim at my leg to buy time in case I try to pursue you. Plus I know that you are not yet that used in carrying that heavy rifle. As far as possible, you want to be at least a 10 Kilometers away in order for me not to catch you.

'''Kumano''': Well, That's true. But since I did answer your call, I guess it's a serious talk.

'''Hiro''': Yup. Well... can you please put that rifle into safety mode?

''Then a ray of light was fired to the old carousel. The Ferris wheel was destroyed by the heat and energy emanated from the railgun.''

'''Hiro''': (Even though I know it’s really dangerous to fight her, I can't still believe that the railgun is as scary as heck... nevertheless... I know where she is now.)

'''Kumano''': Oh my, my hand must have slipped a bit.

'''Hiro''': Are you trying to kill me!!!

'''Kumano''': Well... Honestly, I know what you are trying to say to me from the start. I can see from Samidare-san's actions and Kino-nee that they are making reservations to Sazanami-san who sticks to you so close. I can't accept it. I haven't done any and yet I lost already.

'''Hiro''': I know that you are mad. But please let me talk to you for a while. I can fix this mess...

''Then the Admiral was shot with a blank round to his hand.''

'''Hiro''': Ouch...

'''Kumano''': After all these times... I have waited for you. I am willing to give all of me to you if you just asked for it, but now... You are going far... far from my reach once more. And I don't want it. I wanted to touch that hand of yours that had been tainted with blood of those you had killed. I wanted to touch the hand of the guy who cooks for all of us. And I wanted to touch the hand of the guy I love the most. But, Sazanami-san took it away. I won't let her have her way anymore and this time... I shall make you mine.

'''Hiro''': (This is bad... My leg is a bit bad, but I can silently shut the pain in exchange of losing my sensitive senses, but the calculation field is still here so It will show me the trajectory of the bullet. I should hurry.)

'''Kumano''': Hiro-sama, I think I am now willing to kill someone. Please watch me... My, You can't anyways, You don't know where I am anyways...

'''Hiro''': I doubt about that...



''As she looked at the scope and saw the Admiral she admires stood up and started running towards to her location.''

Kumano then aimed at the admiral’s path so that he will stop moving but the admiral cheated his way to where Kumano is...

In an elevated piece of land, Kumano took out a small handgun and aimed at the approaching figure.



'''Kumano''': I see... In military, one can locate a sniper based on the trajectories of the bullets...

'''Hiro''': Not that accurate though. But the Railgun gave it away... It was a blunder on your part.

'''Kumano''': I see... Since you are less mobile than the usual... I can shoot you at this distance.

'''Hiro''': Well... Kumano, I wanted to avoid doing this to you because I don't want this to happen...

'''Kumano''': I will stop...; if you surrender to me...

''Kumano then fires at the Admiral's shoulder using the handgun she is using. A bullet pierces through his flesh and he didn't flinched a bit.''
'''Kumano''': !?

'''Hiro''': Listen... when I was young, I was getting beaten by Arare everyday and she broke my bones day by day in our training... A bullet wound is nothing...

'''Kumano''': Stay away...

''Kumano fires another one and hit the Admiral's other leg which makes his walking a bit crippled... But he continued walking to where Kumano is...''
'''Hiro''': ...

'''Kumano''': It hurts, right!? It hurts...

'''Hiro''': Yes It hurts. It hurts whenever I hurt someone I really love. But, I need to straighten myself to avoid the worse possible ending ever...

Kumano took the rifle and pointed it to the Admiral and she placed her finger on the trigger and She threatened the Admiral who was already at gun's point.
'''Kumano''': Hiro-sama, Please don't let me kill you! I beg you. Please stop this non-sense already and love me instead!

'''Hiro''': I can't. I decided...

'''Kumano''': Hiro-sama, this is a railgun! You will be gone if I pulled the trigger!

'''Hiro''': Then so be it. I rather die in your hands than to the hands of some lunatic Abyssal...

''Kumano loses herself and removes her finger to the trigger. She dropped the rifle and she fell to her knees crying to the mess she made...''

Then the Admiral collapsed due to blood loss...



Kumano saw what happened and cried at his dying body.

'''Kumano''': Hiro-sama!!! You can't leave now! I still need you... I need your strong back to keep me going... Please don’t die yet!!!

''Tears fell from Kumano's eyes as she helplessly watched the love of her life slowly dying in front of her eyes... She loses all hope at that moment...''

''Moments after, Arare came and she placed her hand on the Admiral...''

'''Arare''': My goodness... As always, he always does this crazy mess of himself. Better treat me to lunch after this.

Arare took his hand and Kumano's hand and a miracle occurred...




A few hours after, Hiro woke up at the lap of Kumano who is crying at his condition.

'''Hiro''': I must have dozed off due to the suppression of pain.

'''Kumano''': Idiot... Why did you take all those bullets? You could have evaded it anyways like what happened a while ago...

'''Hiro''': You see... I need to feel the pain of your heart too... But, I guess that was not enough. I still can't take all that pain away.

'''Kumano''': And who gave you the right to take that pain away? I inflicted this on myself so let me shoulder this. And also, why didn't you let Arare-san attacked me while you distract me?

'''Hiro''': Because I ordered her not to intervene. But I brought her as insurance if something went wrong.

'''Kumano''': As always, you are cheating on some things. So how did you dodge those bullets? I knew that the first bullet will left you immobile, but somehow you dodged it a bit to look like I still hit you?

'''Hiro''': This abandoned area has a large calculation field I erected a few days ago in case something bad might happen. I just have to make sure I don't get taken out in the first shot since it is you who I am talking about.

'''Kumano''': So this location was already in your home-game? I am stupid enough to fall for that trap alone.

'''Hiro''': Well, in the end I got the desired outcome... so Kumano, I am breaking from our faux engagement.

'''Kumano''': I will, but on one condition...

'''Hiro''': Okay.

'''Kumano''': After this stupid Abyssal war, the four of us will have a shot once more in your heart... Afterall, this is different and that is different.

'''Hiro''': Aright. I will heed to that. But are you sure?

'''Kumano''': I am just this desperate young girl who loves you and is a bad loser. Please let me fight a fair fight once more.

'''Hiro''': Alright. Since you are kind in a disadvantage already, Please tell the others too just in case. I still need to call my mom.

'''Kumano''': Your mom?

'''Hiro''': I made a deal with her... And since she knows already what happened. I better give my report already. I will carry you and Arare back at the naval base. I know that you can't stand because Arare borrowed something from you.

'''Kumano''': Thanks Hiro-sama.

''Kumano kissed Hiro on his lips and they lasted doing that for a minute long.''
''After the kiss, Hiro stood up and picked up his phone and called his mother.''






''At the Raven's residence…, Hiro's mom who was watching everything from a secret network reaches her phone and answer's Hiro's call.''

'''H???''': Hiro. Looks like you are still alive...

'''Hiro''': I was sure you know this already.

'''H???''': Well... I lost this round once more. Ever since You turned 18, I have never won at any contest against you.

'''Hiro''': Because I learned to deal with my short comings as a normal human back then. And now, I have friends and people who will support me till the end.

'''H???''': I see... Congrats then. Looks like I need to reschedule all of my plans for the next 20 years or so... Hiro, you are now a semi-immortal, right?

'''Hiro''': Yup. I made a deal with the spirits to see the end of the abyssal wars.

'''H???''': Good. Looks like I will challenge you next time when everything is ready.

'''Hiro''': Bring it on!

'''H???''': Since you won, I will honor your relationship with Sazanami and I will enlist her as one of those important person you are affiliated with along with Samidare, Kumano-chan and Kino. So the deal you made with Kumano will count once the war is over. So Hiro... prepare when that comes.

'''Hiro''': I will mom. Say, how was... nevermind.

'''H???''': Ah, she is alright. One of these days, she might woke up and greet you. Please don't be so sketchy to her. After all, she decided to sleep longer this time around. Because she doesn't want to intervene with your affairs, but knowing you... you still can't get pass her level of ingenuity and her talent in battle.

'''Hiro''': Well... I know that, but I have improved since then...

'''H???''': Oh, you have a rule breaker... I remember that, an artifact of this island nation. I wonder how you managed to get hold of that mythical weapon.

'''Hiro''': It was struck on a stone statue like the Excalibur

'''H???''': well, My curry can win against that...

'''Hiro''': I doubt... Anyways, I will be there at the 7th and I will be bringing Sazanami with me. Please tell Nee-sama if she is already awake that please don't go out of the room while I am with Sazanami.

'''H???''': Alright. (Well, even if I tried, she will crush that door anyways)

'''Hiro''': Well then. I am off. The phone's battery is getting low.

'''H???''': Take care then!

''Hiro dropped the call and hid the phone. He looked back to see Kumano and Arare sleeping together in the bench and the rifle was still there at the floor.''

''Hiro disassembled the rifle and put it in a violin case. He hung it ti his side and then he went to where Arare and Kumano was and then he stood there...''

Sazanami came minutes after with a cab in tow...
''From there, The Admiral Told Sazanami everything that happened. By then only the four knows what happened during that day.''

- end.


==An Unknown Kazagumo's chapter==

''Kazagumo was busy sorting books in the library when the Admiral visited the place.''

'''Hiro''': Yo! How are you?

'''Kazagumo''': Oh... Admiral, nice seeing you here, I am fine. I am getting used to this old and dusty library.

'''Hiro''': Well sorry about that. This is kinda new... I made it look like that. I am sorry that it's full of dust; I do not maintain it anyways.

'''Kazagumo''': it's alright. That's my duty anyways. So from what I heard from Hachi-san, you rarely visit here, what brought you here? Does your secretary know that you are here?

'''Hiro''': Yup. I actually notified her about this... Anyways, got free time?

'''Kazagumo''': Yup. I was ordered to sort these books today. After that, I can do anything I want.

'''Hiro''': Good... Meet me at the gate after you prepare yourself.

'''Kazagumo''': Okay. But, where are we going?

'''Hiro''': To where it all began.

'''Kazagumo''': !?


''The Admiral left and he closed the door. Kazagumo on the other hand finished sorting the books and left the library and closed it for today. She went to her room and was greeted by Makigumo who was resting for a bit... She would be back for the expeditions a few minutes after. Kazagumo went to her wardrobe and changed her clothing as the winter air is getting chill and she has no confidence in her insulation.''



''Kazagumo arrived at the meeting place 20 minutes after. The Admiral is standing next to an owner-type jeepney.''

'''Hiro''': Hop-in. I'm taking you to a far place. I have notified the others we won't be home until tomorrow.

'''Kazagumo''': Tomorrow?

'''Hiro''': Are you perhaps thinking that I might do something bad on you while we are far? Well... I kinda wished I could but I am not doing that. Sazanami said that she'll break my fingers if I do something indecent.

'''Kazagumo''': Okay. But, Admiral...

'''Hiro''': Hmm...

'''Kazagumo''': I really don't get it but you really treat me nicely than the usual. Was there something you need from me?

'''Hiro''': Well...

'''Kazagumo''': well... I guess that's the purpose of this travel isn't it?

'''Hiro''': Yup. So hop in. I made my arrangements already.

'''Kazagumo''': Okay.

''The Admiral enters the vehicle and Kazagumo enters too. The Admiral hit the gas and the vehicle started to move towards their destination.''



''Meanwhile, at the office.''

'''Sazanami''': So Kumano, why are you here?

'''Kumano''': Well... I can't shake the fact that Kazagumo-san is with the Admiral. I have a feeling that she might fall for him.

'''Sazanami''': then it's fine...

'''Kumano''': !?

'''Sazanami''': Well... whether or not she would fall for the admiral, I really do not care anymore. Afterall, It's a given that one falls for him if one is uncertain.

'''Kumano''': How was that?

'''Sazanami''': I don't know. Suzukaze told me that the Admiral has the ability to tamper with the red-string-of-fate. Well, konwing him... He might grope her anytime sooner.

'''Kumano''': ...

'''Sazanami''': That is a lie anyways. But Master knows our deal anyways. I hope he would only do the minor things.

'''Kumano''': I am worried...

'''Sazanami''': By the way, I forbid you from looking at the sniper's scope for now. I had heard from Arare-san that he almost died last Sunday... It's my punishment for you.

'''Kumano''': I understand. So Sazanami-san, why do you trust him that much?

'''Sazanami''': Because I believe he will heed to my promise... Also, I wanted to be pampered...

'''Kumano''': Well... I hope he would do it to me too once in a while.

'''Sazanami''': Hey...

''The two had a little chat until they went back and retire for the day...''



''Meanwhile, Kazaumo and the Admiral are on a journey towards the abandoned factory.''

'''Kazagumo''': You know Yuugumo-nee right?

'''Hiro''': Yup... She actually said that I should save you from the abyss...

'''Kazagumo''': I see...

'''Hiro''': Anyways. Yuugumo died a few weeks ago. She was killed by a sniper's fire.

'''Kazagumo''': I see... Now I know why she showed herself before I was carried over to this world.

'''Hiro''': Sorry for letting her die that way.

'''Kazagumo''': Honestly, I think you really wanted to apologize to Yuugumo-nee isn't it?

'''Hiro''': Yes...

'''Kazagumo''': Then... Please see to it when you get Yuugumo-nee once more... Please take care of her like how you take care of all of us.

'''Hiro''': I will.

'''Kazagumo''': It's good. Admiral,  I think you heavily favor me because you are indebted to Yuugumo-san, tell me... What was she before I came to this world?

'''Hiro''': Well...

''They arrived at the abandoned Warehouse where everything began.''



'''Hiro''': Before that, let's go there...

''The Admiral points to the tower that was slightly cut by some kind of invisible force.''

'''Kazagumo''': Alright.



''Kazagumo and the Admiral alighted from the vehicle and they went to the abandoned tower to see traces of blood and some articles of clothing scattered around.''

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Kazagumo''': truly horrible...

'''Hiro''': Sorry. It looks like she suffered so much. (I wonder how much Kumano knew about her anyways.)

'''Kazagumo''': I see... Yuugumo-nee... Looks like I am indebted to you too. Please return to us once more. I think He is ready for you once more.

'''Hiro''': ...

Kazagumo clasped her hands and she prayed to the mess of a place that was once the place where Yuugumo had drew her last breath. She stood there quietly for half an hour.



'''Kazagumo''': Admiral... Even though I should be angry to the sniper... I can't. Because I don't know how should I feel it, Yuugumo-san probably knew that this is coming so she did say her farewells to you.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Kazagumo''': Cheer up a bit Admiral. It doesn't suit you.

'''Hiro''': I am terribly sorry. Kumano shot her... I can't save Yuugumo at all. I should be blamed too. You should hit me. You should curse me. You should be...

'''Kazagumo''': You see... I can see the abyss that taints your heart. I will not hurt you Admiral. Asides, Yuugumo-san is so lucky that you truly cared for her even after her death. Some of us wished her hapiness, but you went miles more to fulfill her wish even if she will not see the light of the day.

'''Hiro''': Kazagumo...

'''Kazagumo''': Asides, if you cry... I might cry too...

'''Hiro''': !?

'''Kazagumo''': Normally, Makigumo should become independent... But since I know that she is truly unreliable... I will do this in her stead. Honestly... Why Do I have to be troubled by Nee-san's antics?

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Kazagumo''': Also, I wanted you to tell me more about her... Please don't cry until you tell her story.

'''Hiro''': Alright. Let's get going.

'''Kazagumo''': Where?

'''Hiro''': To a certain hill... I already bought a property there. I wanted to ask you if this will make someone happy.

'''Kazagumo''': Isn't that bad?

'''Hiro''': On the contrary... I wanted to be closer to you...

'''Kazagumo''': ...

'''Hiro''': But I am not doing it because Yuugumo asked me to do this. I am doing this because I need someone I can trust.

'''Kazagumo''': I kinda wished you said that you somehow like me as a person.

'''Hiro''': well...

The two went back to the owner-type jeepney and ride back to their next destination.


''The Admiral and Kazagumo rode all afternoon and when the night started to rise, they arrived at a cottage...''

'''Hiro''': well... I am planning on telling you her story... So can you be at least be excited?

'''Kazagumo''': well... I am kinda getting chilly...

'''Hiro''': Can't be helped... here, Take my Jacket.

''The Admiral took his jacket off and he puts it on Kazagumo's shoulder.''

'''Kazagumo''': Aren't you going to get cold?

'''Hiro''': Nope...

''The Admiral took out a second jacket outside of the jeep since he anticipated that someone will be cold, and as a preparation for a date...''

'''Kazagumo''': Well... It's good that you are prepared Admiral. But it felt like you could have given me the newer jacket.

'''Hiro''': Well... Mine was a bit warm... I am making you feel comfortable.

'''Kazagumo''': Okay.

'''Hiro''': Well then, let’s go to the room.

The two went to the room the admiral booked.



''Meanwhile''...

'''Samidare''': ...

'''Suzukaze''': ...

'''Sazanami''': ...

'''Kumano''': ...

'''Kinugasa''': Why are we following him anyways? Who will take care of the base?

'''Sazanami''': Don't worry. Choukai-san seemed to be too willing to help this time around.

'''Samidare''': But why do they need to book a room?

'''Suzukaze''': I think they need some time alone...

'''Kumano''': But... I am worried...

'''Kinugasa''': I bought Two rooms for the five of us. And it's near them. So... who is with me?

'''Other''': Me!!!

'''Kinugasa''': Well... everyone’s in. Let's spy on them.

'''Suzukaze''': (Why am I dragged here anyways... I wanted to play with Uzuki and Yayoi tonight) I better sleep in the room...

''The five made their way inside without being noticed by the Admiral.''



===Regarding Yuugumo...===

'''Hiro''': You see... Yuugumo is my friend who stood next to Sazanami and Samidare. It is before Kinugasa came and Kumano became a part of our base.

'''Kazagumo''': Alright...

'''Hiro''': She is a mischievous girl who loves to tease others...

'''Kazagumo''': I know that already...

'''Hiro''': But, she is actually the person who looks after others... well in her case... It was me.

'''Kazagumo''': You?

'''Hiro''': Well... Back when there was a civil unrest inside the naval base, she was the only person who managed to put some pressure on others, along with Sazanami... They became a force to reckon with. The problem is that night by night, she comes to my room and tries to attack me.

'''Kazagumo''': ...

'''Hiro''': Anyways. I kinda knew that anyways... so, I insisted that I should put a bit of emphasis on my defense. And a few weeks after, I managed to repel the attackers.

'''Kazagumo''': Why were you attacked back then?

'''Hiro''': I am a frail guy who was still recovering from my injuries...

'''Kazagumo''': I see...

'''Hiro''': Anyways... But everything was settled down when Samidare arrived. Though form time to time, I was still getting attacked, there was no way I will get trapped by their schemes so I think I can manage.

'''Kazagumo''': Then, what happened to Yuugumo-nee back then?

'''Hiro''': Well...

'''Kazagumo''': Wait...

'''Hiro''': did you feel it too?

'''Kazagumo''': Well... I wonder why I always felt that someone was watching us...

'''Hiro''': So, will I check it?

'''Kazagumo''': Nope... I better do it. You might be in a bigger trouble if you went out.

'''Hiro''': Okay.

''Kazagumo went out and went to the neighboring cottage...''

''As she looked at the door she saw a group of people poking their ears to the wall of their room.''

'''Kazagumo''': I see that you had a lot of free time in your hands isn't that right Ms. Secretary?

'''Sazanami''': Geh... I thought the Admiral didn't felt our presence.

'''Kazagumo''': Why are you here anyways? I thought the Admiral said that this day that I can peacefully talk to him and yet...

'''Samidare''': I see...

'''Kumano''': ...

'''Kinugasa''': ...

'''Kazagumo''': Are you perhaps Kumano-san?

'''Kumano''': yes... Why?

'''Kazagumo''': Please forgive my sister for all the things she has done to you.

'''Kumano''': I see... I have forgiven her already. I should be...

'''Kazagumo''': No need for that. Kumano-san, you are strong. I wanted to become someone like you. Someone who can be depend upon. I wish I could be more useful to you.

'''Kumano''': Okay… If that's your wish.

'''Kazagumo''': Normally... I would let the Admiral handle this farce... But, I better take of this trouble just for a change. I don't know how deep your connection you have with the Admiral... Let me tell you one thing about myself... Normally, I would steer clear of these things... But...

'''Other 4''': !?

'''Samidare''': (What does she mean; normally she would steer out of those things?)

'''Sazanami''': (I have a bad feeling about this...)

'''Kinugasa''': (I guess she wants to do something too...)

'''Kumano''': (Could it be...?)

'''Kazagumo''': Ehemmm... I think the Admiral is a good guy... and for the past week, I saw what he does to all of us and he truly take care of us especially those who are needing his help. But, as things would go... I wouldn’t be able to shine or take some of your light...

''The Admiral called her name.''

'''Hiro''': Kazagumo!!!

'''Kazagumo''': Admiral... Please wait for a bit... I am dealing with something...

'''Hiro''': Should I help you?

'''Kazagumo''': Nope... You better tell me the story soon...

'''Hiro''': Alright...

''The admiral's voice fade and they assumed he went back inside.''
'''Kazagumo''': As I was saying.. I think the Admiral's awesome. He is dashing and a lot of girls would like him...

'''Kinugasa''': Please cut the chase... I kinda felt you are stuffing too much needless story.

'''Kumano''': (Though I want to say that... hmm, I guess Kino-nee wanted to let her get her act straight)...

'''Sazanami''': Well, Kazagumo... are you perhaps... Liking the Admiral?

'''Samidare''': Really!?? Kazagumo-chan, is that true?

'''Kazagumo''': Well...... (Kazagumo blushes.)

'''Sazanami''': I see... So you have been smitten by his unorthodox way of caring... Master, why can't you just be nice and not let them fall for you?

'''Samidare''': I think it’s impossible for him to do that...

'''Kinugasa''': That guy... I guess he will never learn.

'''Kumano''': That's why I want to tie him and let me take control.

'''Others''': !!!

'''Kumano''': Why are you backing away?

'''Samidare''': scary...

'''Kinugasa''': You are somehow... different. What did happen that Sunday anyways...

'''Sazanami''': Hmm... I think I wanna cut ties with you...

'''Kumano''': Wait... Sazanami-san, Please don't cut ties with me... Samidare-chan, I am not a scary girl. I promise you. Kino-nee... Please don't scare me like that...

'''Kazagumo''': Kumano-san... weirdo.

'''Kumanoo''': Ah!

'''Sazanami''': (She nailed it!)

'''Samidare''': ...

'''Kinugasa''': (Definitely Nailed it!)

'''Kazagumo '''(back to her senses): Anyways... Please take good care of me... senpais, I might have been a new girl but please see me as a rival too. Who knows... I might take his heart away.

'''Others''': !!! (she is declaring war indeed!!!)

'''Kazagumo''': Anyways, I'll be going. Hiro-sama is waiting for me...

'''Others''': Hiro-sama!!! (How did she knew his name!?)

'''Kazagumo''': Oh... I was pretty sure I heard it all the time when Sazanami-san and the Admiral are alone in the office... I kinda wanted to use it too... But I can't call him familiarly yet.

'''Sazanami''': geh... so you heard it...

'''Kazagumo '''(whispers to Sazanami's ear): You know... I also heard those sounds too... Are you perhaps... Kissing every hour? Don’t worry. I will not tell them...

'''Sazanami''': !!!

'''Samidare''': !?

'''Kinugasa''': So... this is a problem for us...

'''Kumano''': Indeed... You remind me of Yuugumo-san, except she is more open to attacking him.

'''Kazagumo''': ... But I am no different from her... except that I'll make him attack me... Heheheheheheh...

''The Admiral called Kazagumo's name once more.''

'''Hiro''': Kazagumo!!!

'''Kazagumo''': I'm coming...

'''Hiro''': Okay...

'''Kazagumo''': I better be back. Sorry Ladies, It's my time to shine.

Kazagumo left and she went back to the cottage to where the Admiral was.
''the four huddled and they forgot someone important...''

'''Samidare''': where's Suzukaze?

'''Sazanami''': Eh...

'''Kinugasa''': She said that she will sleep in the cottage... Brr... It's getting cold aren't you feeling it too?

'''Kumano''': Yup... Let's head back to our rooms. Let's better talk this out when we return to the base.

'''Sazanami''': Alright... I am getting chilly here.

'''Samidare''': Me too...

The four returned to their respective cottages...




===''Back to the Admiral's story telling.''===

'''Hiro''': What was that anyways? Is that a salesman or something? Is he a molester... You could have called for help.

'''Kazagumo''': nope... It's just people who are a bit lost... That's it.

'''Hiro''': I see... (Even though I kinda know that Sazanami and the gang are here also... I guess it might be them...)

'''Kazagumo''': Well... regarding to Yuugumo-nee, what did transpire back then?

'''Hiro''': Well... We had a night together... Sorry!!!

The Admiral made a Dogeza and he really looked so serious in atoning to his wrongdoings.

'''Kazagumo''': ...

'''Hiro''': Please... Don't look at me with contempt...

'''Kazagumo''': Nope Admiral... I am kinda...

'''Hiro''': I knew it... You really despised me that I let her die and I have a way with her... Kazagumo... Please forgive me as the new representative of your ship-class.

'''Kazagumo''': Admiral... I am embarrassed that you doing a dogeza. Please sit straight.

'''Hiro''': Thanks.

'''Kazagumo''': well, Admiral... Can I go ask you something now... since you gave me a right to do whatever I want.

'''Hiro''': Yup...

'''Kazagumo''': well then....

Kazagumo crawls a bit closer towards the Admiral's ears.

'''Hiro''': Kazagumo? Do you really need to step that close?

'''Kazagumo''': I might have to do that. I mean we might have been bugged.

'''Hiro''': there's no way that this room is bugged.

'''Kazagumo''': Well, I need to be a bit discreet about this one command I treasure. But I think One week is enough for me to decide on what to do with it...

'''Hiro''': I see... (She smells sweet... I am somehow getting turned on...)

'''Kazagumo''': You see... Hiro-sama... I am deeply caught into something captivating... like... how you managed to make this... hmmm!? Hiro-sama?

'''Hiro''': Kazagumo... I am getting dizzy... please hurry up... (Man, I don't think I can hold on if she is still this close to me...)

'''Kazagumo''': Ehem... Please heed to this request of mine... Hiro-sama, I allow you to touch me... Please, do it like what you did with Yuugumo-nee...

'''Hiro''': (Backs away) Kazagumo?

'''Kazagumo''': Hiro-sama... I might have been ensnared by you all along. Probably when the time you treated me differently... Probably the time you visited me in the Library... or probably when you told me about Yuugumo-nee... Hiro-sama... Please let me be a woman too...

'''Hiro''': Kazagumo... But, I am going to say my feelings to Sazanami... I can't have her keep on...

''Kazagumo unbuttons her blouse and she immediately showed her slender body while wearing a camisole underneath.''

'''Kazagumo''': I know you like this kind of body... l can pretty much hear you touch her if you had the time...

'''Hiro''': Kazagumo... (How did she know that...) Ah... I forgot something important...

'''Kazagumo''': You see... I think I like you... I want to know you more... so...

''Kazagumo removed her skirt and she revealed her long slender legs... she was wearing her stockings.''

'''Hiro''': this is bad...

''The admiral stood up and he immediately run towards the door but he was blocked by Kazagumo''

'''Kazagumo''': Escaping on me is a big no... Ufufufufu... Hiro-sama... Do you really love to tease me didn't you?

'''Hiro''': Please... Let me...

The Admiral was then kissed by Kazagumo. She hugged the Admiral like she never wanted him to go.

''The Admiral struggled but he was overpowered by Kazagumo and he was completely dominated by Kazagumo.''



'''Kazagumo''': Hiro-sama... Please see to it that you properly treat me right...

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Kazagumo''': You see... I really can't understand myself... even until now, Why am I even doing this... well... I guess I will know after a bit more time. Please treat me well...

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Kazagumo''': So, Please let me stay with you...

'''Hiro''': You don't need to do this anyways...

'''Kazagumo''': But I wonder if I am enough to take your heart away.

'''Hiro''': Sadly...

'''Kazagumo''': You didn't enjoy it and everything was forced. I knew it will not work... That's why I haven't given my purity to you... But I am broken anyways.

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Kazagumo''': But, next time... I'm sure you'll take a bite from my innocence...

'''Hiro''': ...

Kazagumo stood up and she wore the clothes she removed and went to the bed and slept.

The Admiral stood and wore his upper clothes and he went to the sofa to sleep.

That night, Kazagumo kissed him against his will and had her way with him...



'''Hiro''': (I am lucky I did hold it in... I was scared that she pressed herself in front of me. Thank goodness my self control hasn't wane... If she had kissed me longer..., I will be in a point of no return once more.)

''The Admiral slept the night away to clear some of his thoughts''




===The Morning after...===

'''Hiro''': Could you explain... why are you sleeping at my side?

'''Kazagumo''': You see... I am kinda scared in the dark... And being alone in a dark room scares me...

'''Hiro''': Why huddle to my side then?

'''Kazagumo''': I can't turn on the lights... That's why I collected my resolve and sleep with you... Is that alright?

'''Hiro''': Well... I am fine. But considering...

'''Kazagumo''': Please forget about it...

''The Admiral pats Kazagumo's head.''
'''Kazagumo''': Hm!? Why are you sweet to me this time?

'''Hiro''': Well... I prefer these over what you have done last night... I admit... I almost lost it...

'''Kazagumo''': ehe! Really? Then...,

'''Hiro''': Nope... I am no planning on letting you get the best of me.

'''Kazagumo''': ... (Pouts)

'''Hiro''': Well... (He places his hand on Kazagumo's face)

'''Kazagumo''': !!!

'''Hiro''': You see... If you have kissed me a bit longer..., I could have lost it...

'''Kazagumo''': Awawawawawa...

'''Hiro''': Anyways... I am turned on by your smell...its sweet... I love it. But, you need to be a bit assertive at times too... Take this as my lesson for you.

The Admiral kissed Kazagumo's forehead and he went up from the sofa.

'''Kazagumo''': Hiro-sama... Such a meanie...

'''Hiro''': Well then, let's get going. I can't let those girls worry more about me for longer.

'''Kazagumo''': Okay.

''The two went out of the cottage and they held hands as they walked towards the owner type jeep that was parked in the parking lot.''

'''Hiro''': Well... Let's head back.

'''Kazagumo''': Yup.

The two went back to their regular everyday lives.




==Extras: The base without the Admiral==

''Choukai was suddenly became the admiral for the day.''

'''Choukai''': Awawawawawa... Maya-chan, what should I do?

'''Maya''': (eating crackers) See Choukai... The Admiral just lazes here all day long and Sazanami handles all of the task back then so I really don’t know what to do.

'''Choukai''': Waah... We are doomed.

''Then the door has opened.''

'''Kasumi''': I heard that you are in a pinch. Mind to let me handle this situation?

'''Choukai''': Wah... Our savior...

'''Kasumi''': Be thankful... I am so great that what you will do without me. So what is the job to be done?

'''Choukai''': Well...

'''Maya''': Pfffttt... (Laughs out loud)

'''Choukai''': Maya-chan... Please don't be rude to her...

'''Kasumi''': What is your problem?

'''Maya''': well... your clothes... They are a bit... too loose...

'''Kasumi''': !!!

'''Choukai''': Don't worry... I'll help you with that.

'''Kasumi''': Thanks.

'''Choukai''': anyways, why are you wearing Arare-san's clothes?

'''Kasumi''': Wait... So this is not mine!!!



''Kasumi run back towards the dorm rooms''

'''Choukai''': Ah... well, the matter of fact is Maya-chan, we have no work to do.

'''Maya''': really?

'''Choukai''': Well... they made sure that they finished them all... How thoughtful

'''Maya''': Umm.... I feel like he had to do something else at that time too... see, this calendar had a circle mark on it.

'''Choukai''': I see...

'''Maya''': well then, I guess this base is in good hands...

''Kasumi enters to find the two laughing all the way.''

'''Kasumi''': Well then. Let's start working.

'''Choukai''': Well... there was no work to begin with.

'''Kasumi''': eh...

'''Maya''': So Kasumi-chan. Tell us all about the Admiral. I knew you are his secretary ship back there...

'''Kasumi''': wah...

'''Maya''': There's no escape from me... kiddo...

''Kasumi was forced to tell all of stories about her and the Admiral.''
- end.
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]