'''''[Disclaimer: This story does not weight into the equation of the current world and timeline of the stories I made, This is made purely for fun and has the intention of breaking down the stupidity of mine. Plus, I'm taking advantage of the abundance of time that I have for now. All of them are shorts BTW.]'''''



==Married to Ryujou-han==

''An Admiral who was also name Hiro is currently married to Ryuujou-san who was his best pal in crime.''

'''Hiro''': Good Work for today. Say Ryujou, Are you fine with the dress I asked Nagato-san to create for you?

'''Ryujou''': Yup Hiro-san, I like it soooo much that I want it to wear during sorties and during night time...

'''Hiro''': ...

'''Ryujou''': Hey, what's with the deadpan look on your face. Are you mocking me and my little ones?

'''Hiro''': I'm not mocking you or sort. But I kinda remember the time I spent with that girl.

'''Ryujou''': Yes, Me too. If she was here, I think she would be the one who is married to you; instead of me.

'''Hiro''': Well, I guess it's a bit late of us to rescue her. But, now is what matters most. I love you Ryujou... That's why I married you. That's what I decided a long, long time ago and her death is not a part of it.

'''Ryujou''': Uuuu. I really like it when you say that. Say, when will be the next night battle?

'''Hiro''': How about tonight?

'''Ryujou''': I'm game...

'''Hiro''': prepare yourself.

'''Ryujou''': Kyaaaa!!!



''The night came and the two engaged into Night battle.''

- Fin

==Married to Choukai==

''Choukai was assigned as the permanent secretary of an admiral Named Hiro (this is a parallel world series anyways. so names really didn't matter.) She was married to the Admiral.''

'''Hiro''': Good work yesterday Choukai. Say, How lucky I am to marry such a hottie like you.

'''Choukai''': Admiral... I appreciate the thought, But I think there are more girls who deserve that title more than me.

'''Hiro''': Well, now that I think of it... Maya-san is a hottie too. Myoukyou-san too and even Takao-san and Atago. Well, There are a lot of them anyways... Choukai?

'''Choukai''': I knew it, You only look at my breasts... Admiral, Did you really love me as who I am?

'''Hiro''': Well... Personally, I like you because you have this calculative aura and you also wear glasses (Loves Meganekko)... Plus your voice is sweet when you are the secretary and cool when you are kicking abyssal ass.

'''Choukai''': Really...? (Cute puppy eyes)

'''Hiro''': Yup. You really are the best thing I have since AACI...

'''Choukai''': I guess it can't be helped.

'''Hiro''': Choukai, How's the schedule for today?

'''Choukai''': Well, since we are not that busy and It's the holiday. Then we have nothing better to do.

'''Hiro''': Well then... You know the drill... Tonight...

'''Choukai''': Yes Admiral...


The night was long for the two of them.

- fin

==A promise with Suzukaze.==

''The with the abyssal was won and the admiralty was disbanded. The Admiral Hiro suffered heavy losses and lost almost every hope. But in the end, they won the war but had plenty of casualties on tow.''

He was dismissed and was given a medal of honor along with the survivors. Suzukaze was the only one who survived in that last operation of theirs and that ended the war.

Hiro then visits the grave of his fallen comrades. There he saw Suzukaze who was lighting incense  on their fallen comrades.

'''Hiro''': Suzukaze.

'''Suzukaze''': Hiro-san! Are you here to honor them too?

'''Hiro''': Yep. And also to pray them over.

'''Suzukaze''': How weird, Somehow you are doing a strange ritual there...

Hiro Lighted the incense and put it in the container that holds it. He took white candles and started lighting them one by one. Until his collection of candles were almost run out.

'''Hiro''': With these 91 candles I lit, I pray that their souls may reach heaven... (prays silently)

'''Suzukaze''': Hiro-san?

''Hiro was solemnly prayed on the souls of those who have fallen. Then, a few minutes after; he answered Suzukaze's question.''

'''Hiro''': Suzukaze...

'''Suzukaze''': Call me Suzu. I am retired anyways...

'''Hiro''': Suzu, What I did was a the Christian's way of praying for those who were not here anymore. It's our way of remembering the life of those who passed away.

'''Suzukaze''': I see... By the way, are you a Christian by chance?

'''Hiro''': I haven't told you that right. Yes I am a christian. But that didn't matter when we are out there. Unless If I had to marry someone, then my religious standing will be bared. Say, was it true that you are not affiliated?

'''Suzukaze''': Yes. Asides, since this era is an era of peace, I might have been called a atheist or a witch since I can't die by normal ways. Say... I am that of a bad person, right?

'''Hiro''': Yeah... Suzu, Will you come and live with me?

'''Suzukaze''': I don't mind. But are you sure? I am not a great cook. I am not employed and I am not a responsible person. I might be just a burden to you. They said that I can't give birth too.

'''Hiro''': I see, You are worried. Don't worry about the money though, I have a business and I am managing it. You can become a responsible person if I teach you how to become one. With Cooking... Man, I will cook for you! The child thing is still unproven though... Suzu, I love you since the day I met you... Please go out with me!!!

'''Suzukaze''': Well, I can be a pain though. Please treat me well. I might have to move in too... Is that fine for you?

'''Hiro''': Of course I'm fine with it!

'''Suzukaze''': it's a deal then!

'''Hiro''': Yup.

''The two hold hands as they walk out of the cemetery. The two sooner became lovers and live a happy life.''
- fin

==The travlling duo==

K''iso and Hiro were traveling around the world to look for the secrets of Shipgirls and Abyssals.''
They arrived in a small village in the middle of nowhere.

'''Kiso''': Hiro! Hurry up!

'''Hiro''': Wait a bit for me! I'm still human and I need some rest. Kiso, why are you so restless?

'''Kiso''': Because I can see whether or not I have sisters or not?

'''Hiro''': Kiso, Kitakami gave me an advice that I need to look over you. Seriously, ten years after that victory over the abyssal, You decided to go on an adventure and a archaeologist to boot. Say, why do you still carry that sword if you reall can't use it yourself?

'''Kiso''': Well... it looks cool on me. By the way, you could have ignored Kitakami-nee's advice. After all, she is not that serious.

'''Hiro''': Idiot...

'''Kiso''': ?

'''Hiro''': Of Course I'll be worried because this dense, idiot of a girl who is a also chuuni will go over the world without protection. Kiso, How long will you wander around?

'''Kiso''': Until I find the answers I am looking for...

'''Hiro''': Fine then, I'll stick with you. Better not give up or I'll punch you back and forth until you came to your senses. Got it!

''The two had their face a bit closer than usual... both of them felt awkward and moved a bit away from one another...''

'''Kiso''': Why did you back out?

'''Hiro''': You too... Ah!

'''Kiso''': Dummy, you could have say it a long, long time ago.

'''Hiro''': Sorry. Kiso, I'll stay with you... Because I love you. No matter where you go, I'll follow you.

'''Kiso''': (tears from her eyes) Waaaah! Finally, He confessed his feelings for me. Thank you Kuma nee-sama, Tama Nee-sama. You can now be happy for me!!!

'''Hiro''': Idiot. They are alive; asides, the van is here.

'''Kuma''': Kiso-chan, Sorry if we are late -kuma!

'''Tama''': Hiro-san, How's our beautiful Little sister of mine -nyaa?

'''Hiro''': I've confessed to her already, so can you please let us in?

'''Kuma and Tama: '''What!?

''The two continued teasing Kiso until she rampaged inside the van. Kitakami and Ooi were also in the van when the incident happened.''

- fin

==Shoukaku's little house.==

''Let's get this straight...<br />Shoukaku and I got married...<br />She was really beautiful in her wedding dress.<br />But the process of winning her heart was not easy.''




'''Shoukaku''': Hiro-san, Thank you for choosing me... I am glad that I am the right one for you. Sorry for the future misfortunes that may come to our lives.

'''Hiro''': Oh, about that. Here's a lucky charm.

'''Shoukaku''': What's this?

'''Hiro''': it's a Maruyu charm. it says that it increases the luck of those who hold it.

'''Shoukaku''': Really!?

'''Hiro''': Yup. You can now be blessed with luck. Now then let's go... Whoah!

'''Shoukaku''': Hiro-san... Waah!



''It's a familiar scene I always this see in some ROMCOM and any closer to that... hahahahah...<br />By the way, Shoukaku was sitting in top of me while I was lying on the floor, facing the ceiling.''




'''Shoukaku''': Are you alright?

''Shoukaku said that as she tries to close the distance of our face... Danger... I can see those big things that She tries to not to hide with her chest armor.''

'''Hiro''': Shoukaku-san... I can see them, I can see them right now...

'''Shoukaku''': It's fine... I wanted you to see that view.

'''Hiro''': wait, this is not the time and place for that. What if your sister sees us like that?

'''Shoukaku''': Zuikaku? Well, she understands that anyways...

'''Hiro''': I'll be killed!!!



Zuikaku came and she immediately shot arrows on me. Luckily, I dodged them and run non-stop.

'''Shoukaku''': Dawww... I could have kissed him. We haven't kissed for an hour already. Better catch him. Ufufufufufu.

''Shoukaku followed to where I ran and she stopped Zuikaku's pursuit by teasing her.''
Later that night, Shoukaku and I had some wonderful night together. Zuikaku witnessed it all from the shadows too.

- fin

==A day in Italy.==

''Roma and I got engaged and went to Italy for our tour to see if we can do something about our honeymoon trip.''

'''Hiro''': Man, So this is italy. I wanted to go here after reading Aria... Since Aqua was based on Venice itself and Venice is in Italy.

'''Roma''': You know Hiro-san, Venice is truly a magnificent place to be. But let me remind you that we are here for official purposes.

'''Hiro''': Yes Ma'am. But... To be able to experience a Gondola ride with you as the undine-san... I am blessed.

'''Roma''': Shut it. I can't concentrate properly on the rowing part.

''Yup, you heard me right. We are doing what was seen in the anime Aria the Animation. I was a big fan and I wanted to go there on a whim. Roma seems delighted to that idea and boasted to me that she can row boats even better than the people I watched on the TV screen.''

'''Itallia''': But to see Roma-chan working so hard really eases all of my burden. Say Roma-chan, shall we change places after you park it there. You two needed some lovey-dovey time together too...

'''Roma''': Nee-sama!!!

'''Hiro''': It's fine. I also wanted to touch Roma so badly...

'''Roma''': If you say so...



''Yeah this was the best part of their travel, though Italia seems to be reluctant to be their tour guide. (because that means that she'll be left behind whenever the two flirts.) But in reality, she really can't leave Hiro alone. She is secretly in love with him.''

'''Roma''': Say nee-sama. Since the main family is alright in letting you bear his children, what will you do from now on?

'''Italia''': Well, I'll think about this later. I am fine to see my sister happy. That is my greatest joy I'll ever receive as your big sister.

'''Roma''': Yup.

The Gondola they rent from the hotel returned back to it's original place.

'''Hiro''': Well then, since we are at the hotel now... Whoa, why are you two taking me by the arm?

'''Roma''': it's punishment time...

'''Italia''': It's time for us to play.

'''Hiro''': But...



''The door closed and was locked from the inside preventing other to see whatever events happening inside that room.''

- fin

==Maikaze's swan dance.==

''I am Maikaze, After the war I was scouted by a lot of people wanting me to perform on stage, I accepted their offer and I danced in many dance halls and a lot of ballroom competitions around the world. I became a successful performer after a few years time and was awarded several times already. One day, on my practice to join a prestigious dance company... I sprained my foot. It was a bad sprain to boot. I was then told by my doctors that I cannot dance the way I dance before I got that injury.''

All of my offers were gone, all of my friends vanished. No one was left behind. The only thing was left was my house and the Investment I Put in the stock market. I can somehow live this life without worries.

Then, I opened a dance studio. A lot of people came and I taught them all the basics I know and they all became famous. Somehow, I was happy that I can help others and the can become someone I once aspired to be.

But, In the end... i feel empty inside. I can't dance. I can't dance the song that was playing inside my heart. I was getting sick of not dancing. So, I tried to take my life with it... But I failed.

A few years after, I closed the studio and sold my assets and my investments. I took the money from the selling of my assets and vanish without a trace. I went to the province to start over again...

I went and purchase the land and home there and applied to become a dance teacher. They accepted me already... for they know who I am.



One fateful day, Around five years has passed since moving in. I saw a familiar face. It was a guy who I served and I fought with in the war that took place all around the world. It was the man that I only loved.

I saw him holding a hand of a child...

A few seconds later... our eyes met one another.

'''Hiro''': Maikaze?

'''Maikaze''': Hiro-sama?

'''Hiro''': Long time no see! How are you. Is your foot still bad?

'''Maikaze''': Yeah, so bad that I still can't dance. Say, who is this child, your kid?

'''Hiro''': Oh. She is not. She is the neighbor's kid. She was just too attached to me.

He looks at the kid and gave her a candy from his pouch

'''Hiro''': Here's your candy, now go to your room.

'''Kid''': okay Mister.

The kid waved goodbye and went to the room.

'''Hiro''': Maikaze...

'''Maikaze''': Just call me Mai... I have now wind to help me with flying.

'''Hiro''': Mai, I am worried. You said that you'll call me when you became famous.

'''Maikaze''': !?

'''Hiro''': Also, where are the letters I sent to you?

'''Maikaze''': Letters? I never received any...

'''Hiro''': Hah!? All this time you are just ignoring me all along. Fine, I am not as handsome as your famous dance partners and certainly not as rich as them.

'''Maikaze''': Uuu... (starts to cry) Sorry Hiro-sama, I have never seen those letters and I am sorry for not calling you. I am such a bad girl. I deserved to be punished afterall.

'''Hiro''': Mai, What are you talking about. It's just an accident. It can't be helped. Anyways, I forgave you already when I saw you moved in 5 years ago.

'''Maikaze''': Wait, Why are you saying this now? I didn't see you at all?

'''Hiro''': Because you are looking down and you never looked at my face. Seriously, for five years of pursuing you, and courting you. You just saw my face for the first time. I should have just lifted them up from the moment I saw you. How dumb I am indeed.

'''Maikaze''': Hahahahah. Hiro-sama, sorry for not looking. And thanks for cheering. How I wish I can dance with you again...

'''Hiro''': How foolish. I can just carry you and we'll dance the whole night away.

'''Maikaze''': So, Are we dancing again... Hiro-sama.

'''Hiro''': Yup. This time, I'll lead you.



''The two reunited and became lovers in that instant.''

Two years has passed and Maikaze's foot injury miraculously healed and they opened a dance studio in the province teaching ballroom to the kids. The two then married that year too. and have a healthy twin after then

A few years later the two was then offered by many people but they turned them down saying that 'The only one I must impress with my dancing is the one I that truly love the most.'

People said the two enjoyed each others company that they seemed to be connected to the hip. Some people said that they are also noisy at night. But they never revealed what was that noise was all about.

- fin

==A day with him.==

''After the battle with the abyssals comes to a close, Uzuki and I went on our ways and become models in some famous brand of clothing.''
We left the Admiral alone for we need to become independent people soon.
We worked hard day-in and day-out. We forgotten that we are still young and we need to play. As a result, we are always overworked.
We left work and went back to the naval base... Only to find that they are long gone.


We walked all day and all night long wondering where did he went.

'''Yayoi''': Uzuki... Are you alright?

'''Uzuki''': No... I am not alright. How I wish we haven't left after the war and follow him.

'''Yayoi''': yeah... I am regretting that decision of mine.

'''Uzuki''': Me too... I wish we could spend more time playing with him.



''We slept in the every place we may find for as long as it's warm. We sleep there for cold nights and sleep in the forest when the summer kicks in. Luckily, we haven't been attack by anything these past few years and somehow survived the world.''

''A few months later...''

'''Uzuki''': Look, there's a food house in the middle of the beach. Let's beg for food...

'''Yayoi''': Yup...

''We went to the food house that was located in the middle of the beach during the winter times.''
As we get closer we felt that the area was familiar. And the air surrounding it was surprisingly good. Then as we went to the front door, we saw the person we were looking for...

'''Hiro''': !!!

'''Uzuki''': Uwaah!...

'''Hiro''': Yayoi... Uzuki... Thank goodness you are alive!

'''Houshou''': Hiro-san, what's the matter... OH! the kids came back! they are alive!!!

''The people of the food house look and see us in our current looks. WE were different from what we looked long time ago and but despite that, they all come out and embraced us...''

'''Hiro''': Houshou-san, Looks like coming here right now was the best decision I've ever done in my life.

'''Houshou''': Yes. It is indeed the best decision you have made. Say, are you really going to do it?

'''Hiro''': of course I will. I've got the papers ready. But man, they suddenly vanished when I came to rescue them. Truly a horrible sight indeed. I tried contacting the police but there's no luck. Then A year and a half has passed and I was to give up, they came here right in time.

'''Houshou''': Truly a miracle. Say, how about we celebrate for the night?

'''Hiro''': I'll pass. My wife will kill me if I was out for the night.

'''Houshou''': Alright.

'''Hiro''': Uzuki, Yayoi... Come with me right now. From this day on... You have a home to return to.

'''Uzuki and Yayoi:''' Yup...

''and there their smile showed as if their true hapiness starts from now on.''

- fin



==Hiei's bizzare cooking show==

''Hiei... she was scouted to do a cooking show to traumatize kids.''
I was her manager and somehow, the show was doing great, but we always pay the cost of doing that.


'''Hiei''': Dear... Oh, sorry It's Manager-san, here's the food that I cooked for you. Please eat it while it's hot.

'''Hiro''': Yeah... I'll try my best... Hahahah.


*(In this universe; Hiei is Hiei as always, Bad at cooking)



The manager borrowed the stove and started manipulating the food that Hiei made.

'''Hiro''': Let's see... If I add this and this... Whoa... Why was the Ladle melting in the pot... Why was the pot melting too. Hiei!

'''Hiei''': What is it?

'''Hiro''': What did you add to the soup?

'''Hiei''': oh I added Sulfuric Acid so that sugar can be consumed by it's elementary form plus it's a meat tenderizer... Teehee... Say I did my research on food. SO it's gonna be fine.

'''Hiro''': well, It's good you can traumatize kids, but you'll be sending the whole production staff to the deathbed if you make them eat your food. Hiei, From now on... Let me cook for you!

'''Hiei''': really!? Wait, I'll call Onee-sama over this.

'''Hiro''': Eh!?

'''Hiei''': Wait, I want to ask a question before calling her.

'''Hiro''': what is it?

'''Hiei''': Was that your proposal for marriage? Where's the ... Ah, The box is inside the bag, you gave it to me a while ago. right?

'''Hiro''': You've got me there. Pretty lame isn't it? I was trying to say it before the show, but the director ruined the run.

'''Hiei''': (YAY!!! SO it's a marriage proposal!!!) Okay. Then I'll call onee-sama over.

'''Hiro''': Wait!!!

''Hiei dialed the number that was on the screen and then Kongou, who was in the different studio came rushing through the set asking me to marry her too...''

- fin

==Kongou with love...==

''Let's get this straight, Kongou became my husband. kek.''

No, actually, I married Kongou because it's a shotgun marriage... Her little sisters demanded me to marry her or I'll be killed instantly.

That happened because we had been drinking non-stop (cola); but along the way, Kongou spiked the cola with aphrodisiac and made my mind lose itself to the power of my desires. Long story short, We had a premeditated One night stand with Kongou being the victim and the instigator.

Honestly, I also liked Kongou too... But lately, she was noisy. Whatever; But when I saw her in her wedding dress... All of my doubts disappeared.



''1st night together''

'''Hiro''': Kongou... You look wonderful tonight.

'''Kongou''': Yes! Of course I am already wonderful. But please say that line too when we are in bed...

'''Hiro''': Silly. I am embarrassed to say that to you. I feel like I am singing a certain Eric Clapton's song over my head and wants to make it out with you.

'''Kongou''': Then let's do it....

[And then I tell her, As I turn off the lights; I said; 'My Darling, You look wonderful tonight'.]




Then the night for us went a bit wilder than the usual.

- fin



==Haruna's request.==

'''''Haruna is not fine... She feels like she is going out of her mind. Lately, Whenever I pat her head (out of pure instincts), she was getting redder and redder and when I asked her why was she getting redder, she just runs away as if I am going to do something on her. Honestly, She was so timid that I can't comprehend what she's going to do.'''''

''But one time, It was Valentines day. For the first time in my life... I saw an angel gone mad.''
She was a bit tipped with alcohol when she approached me and Tell something to me.




'''Haruna''': Hiro-san; For all this time, I have been holding it in. But now, especially now. I can't hold it back much longer.

'''Hiro''': If it's the call of nature, we must hurry. C'mon! Wait, why aren't you moving an inch?

'''Haruna''': It's not call of nature Hiro-san. It's the call of Love.

'''Hiro''': call of love? Haruna... Wait, why do you smell like you chug a bottle of Vodka?

'''Haruna''': You see... if I don't drink any, Haruna will always be this powerless, timid girl that you like to pet. This time... I want you to touch me here... (points at her breast)

'''Hiro''': Haruna, You are drunk. Let's take this slowly and let's not resolve the matters via alcohol. It's bad for you.

'''Haruna''': Bad for me? To heck with that! I feel so better... I can communicate properly to Hiro-san because of this. Say that I am beautiful... Say that to me...

'''Hiro''': You are beautiful, Drunk or not...

'''Haruna''': (Alcohol's effect suddenly disappears) Aaaa.... (blushes), say Hiro-san, Did Haruna do any crazy things?

'''Hiro''': Nope... None at all. you are pretty much the same. (thank goodness the goddess Haruna has returned.)

'''Haruna''': I see... wait, why am I holding your hand?

'''Hiro''': because you were granted with courage and you did that. Say Haruna, who did you met a while ago?

'''Haruna''': oh, I've met Aoba-san there at the coffee shop a while ago. Is there something wrong?

'''Hiro''': Nope. it's pretty perfect for me to test something out.

'''Haruna''': Okay.



The two went on the date as usual and along the way, Hiro Kicked Aoba to the foot as retaliation for Making Haruna drink Vodka.

The two became a couple after that incident.

- fin

==Kirishima's glasses.==

''One day, Kirishima's glasses was destroyed by an unknown assailant.''


'''Kirishima''': My eyes... I can't see this much...

'''Hiro''': Kirishima, what are you doing without your glasses? What happened to those glasses?

'''Kirishima''': Oh! It's Hiro-san. Say, where are you right now?

'''Hiro''': At your back.

''Kirishima faced him after saying that. She felt very embarrassed for the guy she liked was there and she is making a lot of mess.''

'''Kirishima''': You see, this morning, I heard a sound of a crack, then when I put my hand to where are my glasses are, I realized that they are broken.

'''Hiro''': AH... I see.

'''Kirishima''': Say, I really can't do any without those glasses. So I beg of you, leave me behind and go to wherever you are going.

'''Hiro''': Ummm... You are talking to the tree.

Kirishima was again very embarrassed at the scene and face to where Hiro is.



'''Hiro''': You see, I am here because I am worried that you might get hurt without your glasses. Let us say that I'll be you eyes for today. Is that alright with you?

'''Kirishima''': Okay...



Kirishima's smile was so innocent I skipped a beat and it tells me that she is a cutie too.
We went to buy glasses and I bought a matching pair of glasses for her. She was delighted with the glasses I gave her. Soon as we bid each other our goodbyes, something happened.

'''Hiro''': Ah...

'''Kirishima''': What is it?

'''Hiro''': My glasses is also broken. I really can't do or see any at all. But, I have a spare back at home.

'''Kirishima''': Well then, I'll be your eyes until you reach home.

'''Hiro''': With pleasure.



The two became lovers (I think) after that.


- fin

==Fukou Shimai Monogatari==

''After the war, Fusou and her sister Yamashiro tried to became businesswomen but the building was demolishe in the first day, when they try to apply for work, they were always get caught by some extra-ordinary circumstances before making it to the office and when they do they were always  get stuck on the elevator or the company just filed it's bankruptcy. The sister's life was a mess and was full of misfortune.''

A few months after, they live in a free housing by the government where they make curses for a living. But one tragic day, the community was burned by a single cigarette butt, leaving them homeless and such.



They tried to peddle but all things they touched becomes corroded or rots instantly.
Such life, Fusou and Yamashiro were the epitome of abandoned luck.




One day, they met an unexpected person who knew them.

'''Fusou''': It's him...

'''Yamashiro''': Yes Sis... it's really him. Let's catch him already.

'''Fusou''': Let's run.




The two ran and as they get closer to the guy, a volcanic eruption happened in the nearby area.

'''Hiro''': Well, Looks like you are still unlucky as ever. Fusou, Yamashiro.

'''Fusou and Yamashiro:''' Yes!...

'''Hiro''': Well then, let's go home.



The three met disasters, extraterrestrials and many more anomalies as they travel back home. But they survived. They ended up laughing all the events they experienced and decided to make those a part of their memory.

A few years later, the sisters has their curse removed by a certain goddess of luck.

'''Hiro''': Looks like You can never make anything out of the ordinary happened again. Say, Are you two really going to stay?

'''Fusou''': Of course, we are indebted to you.

'''Yamashiro''': Even though I hate it. I'll stay with you since it was my sister's wish.

'''Hiro''': Okay... Whoah!!!

Hiro slipped on a banana peel and fell towards the sisters...

''From hereon, nobody knows how much luck Hiro had after that.''

- fin

==Naganami's diary.==

''Hiro wakes up early and brushes his teeth when he saw a familiar figure on his right.''

'''Hiro''': Good morning... Wait, Who are you and Why are you here again?

'''Naganami''': Sup. You can't remember. We had a round of beer and then...

'''Hiro''': Stop! first of all, I never drink beer for all of my life. Secondly, why are you wearing my clothes?

'''NaganamI''': Oh, So you forgot, Look at your phone.

'''Hiro''': Lemme see... (checks the phone)



'''''[From Yuu-san(Yuugumo): Please take care of Naganami for me. She is your wife-to-be by the way. Please treat her right? Please don't let this onee-san cry for your sake.]'''''

'''Hiro''': Crap. I was trolled by that message. By the way Naganami...

'''Naganami''': Nanami is fine. I prefer others to use that instead of that name.

'''Hiro''': I see... Say, how are you related to Makigumo?

'''Naganami''': Oh that b****. I hate her and her cute looks.

'''Hiro''': I can see that you are irritared by her. By the way, was your hair something like that?

'''Naganami''': Yes. I was born with it.

'''Hiro''': Okay. Say, I saw this on my bed...

'''Naganami''': Wait... Don't open that!

'''Hiro''': Hmmm... Oh, It's a diary. I should read it.

'''Naganami''': I said... Don't read it!

Naganami punched Hiro to the stomach and he fell on his knees.

'''Naganami''': This is... Very important... to me... and to the one... That I love...

'''Hiro''': I see. So you are in that age too.

'''Naganami''': Yeah. Say, Are you going out now?

'''Hiro''': Let's see. I think it's time for me to...




The Lights turned off and the scenery becomes black...

Naganami took a flashlight on her her back pack and started reading the diary she is holding in her hands.

[7/2 Thursday, 7 PM.<br />Hiro-san is as energetic as ever. I wish that he can still remember my name and my face. Afterall, he is sick. More over, his capacity to remember people diminishes and he forgets the faces that are very important to him. His capacity to remember something improtant goes on a downward spiral...]

Naganami is crying as she reads the journal entry she wrote for Hiro. She flipped the book once more a bit more in the beginning.

[10/12 Sunday, 9PM<br />Hiro-san proposes to me... Finally, I am becoming his princess and I won this time around. I hope that we can live for at least 100 years so that we can still see our children's children grow and mature. Ah. I am so blessed right now that I had to tell Yuu-nee and Maki-chan this great news.]

Naganami is still crying over her journal entry on how much great time she spent with Hiro.

Then, the lights turned on...

On her front, Hiro is sleeping peacefully with many machines attached to him. His condition is in terminal state and he is slowly dying in front of Naganami's eyes.

Then, The thin fine line came...

Her world comes to an end.

- fin



==Isonami's wish==

''Isonami is waiting for the day that Hiro comes from his work.''

After the war, The two decided to live together and start a new life... But, war broke once more and he had to be reassigned this time to the army base.




'''Isonami''': I wish that Hiro-sama's is safe from all harm. Please heed my prayer.

''Isonami prays every night to see that he is safe.''



One day, a letter came in.

Isonami looked at the content of the letter.



'''''Dear Isana (Isonami),'''''

How are you?<br />Have you been eating this time around?<br />I hope you are not feeling lonely... Don't worry, I'll be home soon.<br />I will be back before you know it.<br />With lots of love...

- Hiro.

Isana cried after reading the letter, she knew that the situation was already bad and then the letter came to her as if it really reminds her to hold on.

A few weeks came a guy in a military uniform came. He gave Isana a photo of Hiro and said that he wiill arrive soon.

She asked him why he is not yet here, the guy answered... 'He needs a bit more time. But don't worry, He'll be going home.'

He bid his farewell to Isonami and then, she read the second letter that came from Hiro.



'''''Dear Isana:'''''

Are you mad?<br />Sorry if I can't call you back. The telephone lines has been cut.<br />The telegraph seems to be out of business today.<br />Ah, such blunder to deliver this letter to my friend.<br />Do not worry, I promised you that I'll be home.<br />And they promise me that they'll bring me home no matter what.

Isana, I hope you won't cry after seeing me.<br />I miss your eyes and your face.<br />AH, I want to go home now.

- Hiro

Isana Hold on to the letter and waited days for his return.

3 days after that, A convoy came...

''Isana run to see If her husband is in the convoy.''

He was there...

But he does not belong to those who are walking.

''The man who gave her the letter saluted to her and gave her the pendant he bought for her.''

'''Soldier A''': Ma'am! I am here to honor His death. Please accept his gift before his passing. I was with him until the final moments of his life. Please be proud of him and smile for he has fought for you.

'''Isonami''': Yes!!!

Isonami cried for a week at his grave and died a week after that due to hunger...

- fin

==Arare's choice==

'''Arare''': Say Hiro...

'''Hiro''': What was it?

'''Arare''': We are trapped in this snowy mountain and we are somehow in the comfort of a small cottage that is fit for us two and surprisingly, it has resources that will last till then end of winter... What kind of coincidence is this?

'''Hiro''': Well, we are running away right?

'''Arare''': That is true. But how come this random place was filled with latest technology and has a toilet to boot. I can actually connect to the internet here despite the blizzard happening outside. say, what sorcery was this again.

'''Hiro''': it's what they called a vacation house.

'''Arare''': So it's our stay-cation for the winter. But thanks for the Kotatsu though.

'''Hiro''': It's fine. Asides, since we will be here for quite sometime, let's just say that something crazy might happen if we step outside.

'''Arare''': Like getting attacked by bears. Seriously, bears sleep during the winter. I am worried about someone dropping to the lake.

'''Hiro''': Ah. I get it.

'''Arare''': So clueless...

'''Hiro''': Well then let's get a shut eye.

'''Arare''': Umm...

''The light were turned off, and the two slept peacefully.''




Arare was a wealthy daughter of some mafia in the town and Hiro was just a new face in the block. They met in the most unexpected matter... When Hiro was buying a house. The two met because the two of them are interested in the house. But they are fighting for it until one day, Hiro gave up and bought the house in the adjacent street.

'''Hiro''': You see, being neighbors is not that bad.

'''Arare''': ...

'''Hiro''': Okay I got it. This house is sooo cheap because it has ghost in it.

'''Arare''': You know, I can get what I want if I put my finger on this phone but I didn't because It's my option not to let others do the work for me.

'''Hiro''': Haaah... Well, you must be some kind of a rich spoiled kid.

'''Arare''': Actually, I am the daughter of the man who can kill you in a second if he hates you.

'''Hiro''': That would be a mafia boss right? There no way they can exist right?

'''Arare''': Look at the roof... you'll see a laser light pointed in you.

'''Hiro''': You are correct... I guess You are guarded. But say, I had a bet with that old man of yours.

'''Arare''': really?

'''Hiro''': I told him that if I can take you out without getting caught by his men, I can win the money and you.

'''Arare''': I'd like to see you try.



''And so the events led up to this.''

'''Hiro''': only one day to go and I am winning this battle.

'''Arare''': Funny how I can somehow give them the location but no one comes to rescue me.

'''Hiro''': Ah, that squad? I bet they are a bit tired after crossing that mountain. also, there's no way I would not prepare myself just incase they arrive at where we are.

'''Arare''': I see.

'''Hiro''': Oh, I am picking up a signal from there. I must move.

'''Arare''': How? we are trapped in a cottage.

'''Hiro''': Tsk, Tsk, Tsk. By the way, My name is Hiro Raven. I am the CEO of the Raven corp. I build submarines for a living.

''And then he press the red buttona and the whole place revealed itself. It was the just the top of the submarine that is sticking out of the lake bed.''

'''Arare''': I think I have fallen for you.

'''Hiro''': You better be because It's time for me to say hello to Father-in-law.

Hiro launched the Submarine and left the pursuers running for their dear lives.

'''Arare''': Say, do you have something to alleviate this cold feeling of mine?

'''Hiro''': A bottle of wine would be the answer to that.

''The two toast to the new start to their lives.''
- fin

=='''''Intermission.'''''==

'''Hiro #1''' : Where am I?<br />'''Hiro #2''': You look like me. Who are you?

'''Hiro Dead#1''': ...<br />'''Hiro Dead#2''': ...

'''Original Hiro:''' People, what is wrong with these stories? Why was there already 2 of me that had died? Why Naganami became a heroine for a tragic story and Isonami died?and why did I never heard Sazanami getting married.

'''Hiro #3''': She died<br />'''Hiro #4:''' She died<br />'''Hiro #5:''' She died

'''others''': She was either dead or she was just not there.

'''Original Hiro: '''...

'''Arvin30p''': Original Hiro, Do not fear. I'll write you the perfect ending.

'''Original Hiro''': Better be. Or I'll start a revoulution!

'''Arvin30p''': Heheheheheheheeh!

- end of intermission



==Kumano end.==

''Kumano is waiting to walk the centerstage... Not really.''

Kumano is walking down the aisle with Kinugasa-san, Her long time friend. she was going to marry a man who has given her the opportunity to love.

'''Kinugasa''': Kumano, I pray that you may be happy for the rest of your life.

'''Kumano''': Yes. I'll take it to my heart.

'''Kinugasa''': Good.

''Kinugasa set her off to meet the man of her Dreams. The man who was the reason for the rebirth of Kumano.''

'''Hiro''': (Wow! Even though she is already a beauty, seeing her wear that dress makes her a lot more beautiful. and those things that makes the clothes definitive, I love it.)

''Hiro was awestruck to see Kumano in her weddng gown''

Kumano then took Hiro's hand and then they took a vow of eternity.





''Just a year ago.''

'''Hiro''': You know what? I never thought that the war against abyssal is over. So, where are going now?

'''Kumano''': Well, I could live with you. Afterall, The house is not there and it was replaced with a condomenium. Your house seems to be fit for a lady like me.

'''Hiro''': I don't think so. But I guess It's modest enough to let a young woman like you inside. Kumano, Can you wait for me for a bit. I'll be taking a few things from the room. By the way, hold on to that.

'''Kumano''': Okay.

Kumano hold a small box with her small hands. She was kinda curious to what was the content of the box so she took a peek at it.

then an item was discovered.



''Kumano wore it on her ring finger and started danceing around like what Maikaze would do if she was happy.<br />Hiro saw it all from the office.''



Hiro went out and ask Kumano if she opened the box.

'''Hiro''': Did you opened it?

'''Kumano''': Yes... Sorry.

'''Hiro''': You shouldn't be sorry at all. Afterall, it's yours. From this day on... I'm going to marry you. So Kumano-san... Will you stay with me forever?

'''Kumano '''(caught off-guard): aaa...aaa...

'''Hiro''': Please Kumano, I need to hear your answer right now.

'''Kumano''': (recovered a bit): Yes. Hiro-sama, I am saying yes to your Proposal!

'''Hiro''': Yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

'''Kumano''': I did it!!!

'''Hiro''': Okay. By the way Kumano...

'''Kumano''': What is it.

'''Hiro''': Let's visit them before we say goodbye.

'''Kumano''': Okay.

The two visited her grave and they put candles and insence on it and prayed for her soul. Then they went out of the grave and went on living their lives as a couple.

- fin

==Kinugasa's end==

''I am living with Hiro today. But winning the battle was indeed hard.''
After the war, we parted ways... But reunited a few months after.
Then, He propossed his love to me... Swiftly as if he is waiting for the right time to say those words to me...
Scratch that, we never parted ways.
''I decided to live with him. That's it! Hiro seemed to be alright with it...''



'''Hiro''': You know what, why are you so persistent in winning that battle with Kumano?

'''Kinugasa''': Because she is a lovely girl almost with no faults to boot. I was surprised to see you have chosen me over her.

'''Hiro''': Well... You are there and I can't help it when we get too close, I went out of control and just attack you.

'''Kinugasa''': Awww.. really Hiro, even though we got wed a few months ago, I still can't forget the way you bring me to my knees. I am so mad that you still mentioned their names even though they are not here anymore.

'''Hiro''': Sorry. I get those dreams once in a while.

'''Kinugasa''': I see. So does it hurts so much?

'''Hiro''': Yes. it really hurts. Please ease it up for me.

'''Kinugasa''': with pleasure.

''[But, our everydays are not like that...''
Rather, every night was a crazy voyage. It was a fun ride.
But I wonder, Since they are not here anymore.

''Can I even win this battle? Well, If they are here.''

''I can still win anyways. Ufufufufufufu.]''


'''Hiro''': Kino, what are you doing?

'''Kinugasa''': well, I am preparing...

'''Hiro''': Before we delve deeper. Let me tell you something. Next month. Prepare the wedding dress, we'll go to the church. I want to make our wedding legal to the eyes of God.

'''Kinugasa''': ... (jawdropped)

'''Hiro''': Kino?

'''Kinugasa''': I can't believe it! We are getting a church wedding! Hiro, Thanks for the hardwork!

'''Hiro''': Yeah! Finally, I can face your parents now.

'''Kinugasa''': Yup.



The two had a lovely night together.

- fin

==Intermission 2==

'''Original Hiro''': Wait a minute...

'''Arvin30p''': ...

'''Original Hiro:''' I realized that you always kill Sazanami off and in Kumano and Kinugasa's case... Even Samidare is dead. What the hell is wrong with you!?

'''Arvin30p''': I am saving the best for the last.

'''Original Hiro:''' I hope you are not sugarcoating those words...

'''Arvin30p''': Better wait for it.

- end of intermission



=='''Samidare end. (false)'''==

'''Samidare''': Hiro...

'''Hiro''': Aoi...

'''Sazanami''': ...

'''Hiro''': By the way, why is Misa here?

'''Samidare''': !?

'''Sazanami''': I am here because the Author decided to troll this ending.

'''Hiro''': Damn that author!!! That's it. I am calling for a revolution.

- end


=='''Author's notes...'''==

Samidare's ending and Sazanami's ending will not be coming...

If I was going to make an ending of it, It'll start a new story and this will make a new time-space continuum and create a alternate universe where Samidare is the wife and where Sazanami is the wife.

But then again, I can't seem to create a perfect ending for those two ships. If I made an ending for Samidare, Sazanami will suffer in the end and If I made a Sazanami-centric ending, I can't bring myself to hurt Samidare and will also put her in the story. Honestly. This is too stupid of an argument and it shows that I lack love for the two.

Sorry Samidare...<br />Sorry Sazanami...<br />Sorry Hiro Raven....

This author has failed you once again.<br /><br />- Arvin30p<br />

==Omake:==

'''''Making of Samidare's end:'''''

'''me''': Ahhh... If I made Samidare happy, I'll make the loyal Sazanami sad and will commit suicide.

'''Internal thought #1''': Make her dead in the beginning!

'''Internal thought #2:''' Turn Sazanami into true maid.

'''Internal thought #1''': You are right!

'''Me''': You knwo, if I make Sazanami the maid. I can see where the story goes...

'''Internal thoughts #1 and #2:''' Sorry.

'''Me''': Well then, I decided to screw this ending. Who's with me!

'''All of the thoughts collected:''' I am!!!

'''Me''': Thanks. I'll make this the worst ending possible.

- and thus the creation of a very screwed ending began.





- To be Continued
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]