'''''Author's Commentary:'''''

'''''This is a collection of the stories regarding to the Admiral Raven's Past and a certain nameless girl who has become an influence to his life. If you asked me who she is, maybe you might find out who she is when I finished this story.'''''


==Prologue: Present==

Sazanami and I currently walking through a path that leads us to the shore where the sun's view is perfect. For some reason I was reminded of this scene a few years prior meeting her.

"Hiro-san, I love you..."

I can still remember the time I spent with a girl whose name is something I can't remember. Though even though this fondness of the memory still remains inside of me, that past is something I can't return to.

"Master, why are you spacing at this moment of time?"

I realized Sazanami is staring intently at me as I reminisce of the past, truly a wonderful person.

"I remembered something from my past."

"Is that so? Can you share it to me then?"

For some reason, Sazanami is interested to listening my past which she normally didn't even consider hearing it from me.

"Alright. But you might get jealous over something..."

"I am interested whether or not you are thinking of a woman or not."

"Figures."

Well, we decided to sit at the seashore and watch the sun as it sets to the night sky.

"This is a story of an unnamed heroine..."



==History I==

I was a solitary guy in the beginning. I was already in High School when I realized that asides from Kino to whom I was betrothed with, there is another girl who is actually closing her distance to me.

Her name is something that doesn't register in my brain since she is quite a normal girl. Though, she herself is cute enough; I decided not to get involved with any girls due to the fact that Kino is a person who tends to get jealous at times.

"Hiro-san, Umm... Do you want to be my partner for the Arts class later? Kino-sama isn't here today right?"

Indeed, Kino isn't around today when the girl asked me to draw her.

"I guess its ok then. By the way, what is your name again?"

The girl's lips pout as if she expected me to say that.

"Seriously, I know that you tend to push others away. Why won't you be a bit... sociable, and since Kino-sama isn't here, why not have lunch with me?"

"I guess it can't be helped."

Seriously I hate dealing with her since she just refute back every word I say so I better let myself get dragged by this invader who seem to be interested in me.

And so whenever Kino is not in sight or busy doing her student council activities (which I happen to be a part of it though my position is nothing more than a mere decoration), The girl (invader) would come and get my attention from time to time.



"I see... The ocean huh."

"What's the matter...? Lavender."

"Wrong! My name is not some sort of a flower anyways Hiro-san."

Technically, I named her Lavender due to the fact that she wears Lavender colored... never mind, if she ever finds out that reason; I know that my eyes will be injured for quite some time.

"So what do you want me to call you?"

"Call me Xxx"

"Eh? That sounded boring for a name. Lavender suits you better (and asides, you are wearing that color again...)"

"Are you sure you are just insulting me with that name. Oh well, I give up. Just call me whatever you want. Kino-san and I were quite troubled on how your mind works anyways."

"What is wrong with my mind then?"

"Nothing at all. Getting back to the topic; Hiro-san, why do you gaze onto the ocean every day?"

It seems that Lavender has discovered the location to where I always look at whenever she calls my name. It can't be helped since looking at the direction of the ocean becomes a habit of mine.

"It's a secret."

"Eh?"

"Asides, I don't think someone like you would interest over something as trivial as that."

"Hiro-san, I am quite curious about the reason about your gazes... could it be that you have promised Kino-san to bring her to the sea once summer starts?"

"Kino asides, I don't think she has free time to go out and play."

"Is that so?"

"Yes. You know that she is a daughter of a rich family that owns a lot of business around the block. As their heir, she is tasked to inherit those business."

"No, I know that already. Rather... Why do you know that? I know you are quite close friends and most of us have generalized that you two are lovers... but the level of your understanding on her family affairs goes out of the way of just lovers... Are you perhaps..."

"I rather not let you say that..."

And for the first time, someone managed to get closer to the truth that I was trying to hide. Kino didn't mind if the secret gets out, however... for me, it was a different issue... for she might be nearby.

"Hiro-san, why do you look at the ocean?"

Her words which sounded so cold were mixed with the pain I can feel emanating inside of her.

"I made a promise back then... way back before I meet Kino and it was a promise that I want to fulfill no matter what."

After she heard those words from me, a week went by without any communication from her.


==Her Voice I==


After hearing those words from him... my whole world stopped. Ah, this is the true him all along. A man who is convicted to do the things he has promised.

Of course, I am still hurt that I might have no place in his heart no matter how long I stayed beside him. It's like he is constantly rejecting me no matter how much I tried. But I won't give up. Summer is approaching and I have to do something.

And for a week, I decided to ignore him so that I can decide on what I should do then. And so, a week has passed and I decided to invite him to the sea. To the place where he has promised someone to return someday.



And so, I gathered all of my courage and decided once again to get his attention once again.

And when I came to him, I decided to make a promise with him.

"This Summer, Promise me to come to the ocean with me."

And after saying those words, Hiro's face looked confused.



And so, I will wait for that time when he ask me to accompany me to the sea.


==History II==

Summer come as fast as I can remember and then, Lavender came to me with a rather strange request, however.

"This Summer, Promise me to come to the ocean with me."

And after that, I knew that I don't have the right to reject her request.



And so, summer has come and after my date with Kino (which happened a day after our summer break) I decided to contact her using my mobile phone.

Kino who was with me on that day looked curious on who I was trying to make contact with.

"Hiro, I never knew you have a friend... rather, is that a girl?"

"Hmm, I rather not call her a friend; but she insists that she is indeed a friend. Oh well..."

"Hmm..."

Kinugasa's voice her interest as she hears those words coming from my mouth.

"So, what are you trying to do with her then?"

"Well... for starters, I have to fulfill a request of her to accompany her to the ocean."

"Is that so? Hiro, its fine that you are seeing other girls from time to time, but let me remind you that you are engaged to me at this point of time."

"I know. Asides, I think she knew it too... though she hasn't verbally said it to me."

"I see."

"Kino, let me say this to you once but do not do anything bad on her. I know you have the tendencies to inflict harm to other without me knowing it. Also, that is my duty that we had agreed upon on our engagement right?"

"Yeah. No need for you to tell me that."

But, hearing from Kino's tone, I know that she is up to no good.


==The reason for the engagement==

Kino and I were engage and our parent had a hand on its creation. However, the reason I decided to stick with her is because I have known her true nature all along after the years we spent together.

She is a cunning person after all.

Back in Junior High, there was a girl who have confess her feelings to me and on the next day, the girl was filled with bruises and she told me that she is alright. But soon as she said those words, her eyes went blank as she saw Kino who was beside me on that time. So I decided to investigate the matters and I ended up cornering Kino who had committed the act.

The reason for her such strange behavior is due to the burden she has with her tightly packed schedule. Though when I asked my mom about that, her face tells me that I got it all wrong.



So, when we got engaged; I told her that I will protect her from herself that tries to inflict harm on others. And so, our current relationship was based on the assumption of protection. However, I have no idea how she really felt on me up to this point (even though it should have been obvious all along.).

And now, I feel that something vile has emerged from deepest, darkest corners of her heart and it threatens the girl that I am associated with, I got to have to deal with this soon.

==Her Voice II==

The day before Hiro's promised date, Kino approached me on her own at the rooftop of the school. It was windy back then which is rare on that day but just as it happens, the heat that coming from the sun felt that it could scorched anything that stays underneath of it.

"Are you Xxx?"

"Yes."

"I see. Let me get this straight then, don’t fulfill your end of the promise tomorrow."

As Kino said those words, she pulls out a box cutter and she aims for my wrist.

However, a knight saved me from my demise.

A guy who was said to be aloof and quiet and unsociable came and rescue me from this predicament.

"Kino, I just told you yesterday not to do anything right?"

The one who stopped Kino is the one I knew would come to save me.

"Tch."

"Anyways, meet you later then."

Hiro escorted the Kino who is willing to hurt someone back as he drags her back to her senses.

As the two left, I saw traces of blood on the floor.

"Ah, he had no time to adjust his catch. He must have hurt himself too."

I uttered those words as I held my chest as I kept my heart from pounding faster. I guess I am one of those successful secret fan who managed to get closer to the one they idolize.

That afternoon, Hiro came with a bandage covering his left hand.


==History III==

The day finally arrived and currently I am changing the bandage on my left hand. The servant on our house currently prepares the necessary items for the bandage.

My mother is around on that day too was snickering due to the fact that I injured myself on protecting someone else.

"Hiro sure is gutsy on that move. I'll tell you something then."

My mother who is not quite a mother to me when I was young tells me something regarding to Kino.

"Hiro, you know that Kino likes you right?"

"Yup. That I know."

"So, why do you think she didn't rejected the engagement plan her parents made?"

"Isn't that because she is following them?"

"That is not quite right. But let me tell you something regarding to that then."

"What is it Mom?"

"Kino loves you. That should have make things clear, right?"

"..."

"And also, the reason for her bizzare behavior is because of you. Honestly, why did I have a dense son... but Smith-sama is quite dense too, so it runs on the genes I guess."

"Mom, are you even saying the truth?"

"Of course I do. I wouldn't even have to lie to you since you are quite too strict. But listen Hiro, Kino isn't someone you can restrain all of your life and if something bad happens to the other person due to your inability to protect Kino from herself... you will regret it."

And after hearing those words from my Mom, I understood that I should start distancing myself from her.



We met at the seaside at around 3 in the afternoon where the sun is still hot.

I greeted her and we walked around the beach until its sunset.

Soon, after having a lot of discussions with her, I confronted her and tell her something that would later on be the reason why she doesn't exist anymore.

But, instead of sadness; I saw her smile and she given me her confession that I have never ever expected of her.

"Hiro-san, I love you..."

And as soon as she utters those words, she ran away from me towards the residential area.

"Ah, I messed up. Now I have no more reason to talk to Lavender anymore... rather, to Xxx."

And that marks the last day that I saw her... alive.

==Her Voice III==

"Sorry, but I don't think I can protect you anymore. Please, stop being my friend."

Ah, he said those words even though I know that he is just protecting me from Kino who is bent on harming me.

But, I have anticipated that so I decided to give him my heartfelt answer. Rather, a confession that I have been saving just for that moment.

Now, I am running away with tears in my eyes as I have been rejected by that person. But, as always, I will not stop until I win his heart.

But, as the darkness falls; I felt a killing intent which was aimed at me.



It was a person wearing a hoodie in the middle of the street carrying a knife.

Unlike before, I knew who that person was and I was managed to get myself ready.

Soon, the hooded person swings the knife towards my neck which I avoided by an inch and managed to get close to her and deliver an elbow.

The assailant was taken aback by my display of knowledge in martial arts. The only reason why I never managed to act back then is because I haven't been training for quite some time, so I decided to get myself mentally prepared just in case I got assaulted again.

And so, the assailant had a confused look on her face as she saw that she is no match against me and decided to pull out something from its inside.

That person pulls out a gun-like object and she pointed it towards me. Soon, that person pulled the trigger and I managed to dodge the needles that came out of it.

"Is that a gun used for injecting medicine?"

The hooded person didn't answered and charges straight at me.

With the combination of melee and her unpredictable movements with the gun, the hooded person managed to limit my actions and started to hit me at some places due to her rather strange stance.

"Kick boxing... who taught you that?"

The hooded person fires another round at me and I managed to avoid getting hit by the needles, but I was hit by a kick that came after it.

Soon, she pinned me down and locked me into position.

"Grappling style? I never know Oujo-samas were trained to fight like that."

The hood that is covering that person reveals a girl who is quite skilled in fighting despite of her rather opposite nature.

"I have trained with Hiro under the same master in all forms of martial arts, as the heir of a large corporation, I need to make sure I can protect myself and eliminate those who are deemed threat to my success."

"I see."

"Now, time for you to forget him."

But before she can fire those needles, I managed to break free and escape from her reach.

But as I get out to the road, something unexpected happens to me.

After that, a loud thud can be heard and my mind went blank after that.


==A villain in his eyes==

I saw Xxx runs towards the road, I tried to stop her but...

Thud...

I saw her flying 10 meters away from the point of collision.

Xxx's head is bleeding profusely and I called up a doctor to get her to the nearest hospital without letting Hiro get wind of this.

And so, I prayed that he would not blame himself for not protecting her.



The next day, I didn't come to school in order for me to evade Hiro's interrogation.

A week came and he came to my home and he decided to cut ties with me.

Before he left, he said those words to me as he can't hide his wrath.



And so, a month after that; I got a notification from the doctor that Xxx is safe but the doctor's voice sounds serious.

Her she had developed amnesia as she stares in the ceiling of the hospital room, for now, they have managed to heal her broken bones using a modern medical method and she can finally walk due to her great motor control. However, her memories about anything were long gone. She can't remember even her name nor Hiro's.

The doctor told me that there was still no method of restoring her memory so he decided to keep watch on her until the day she can go outside again. The doctor told me that I should contact the person who was on her phone wallpaper just to notify him of the situation.

And so, I decided to help him heal his heart, one more time.


==History IV==

Kino contacted me about the whereabouts of Xxx. At first, I didn't believed her since her death was announced already. However, since the Hospital Kino told me is the one where her family operates; I was convinced that there is a story behind it.

The day after she disappeared, I heard that her parents called the cops since she was missing.

And so, the cops immediately come to my home asking me what did I do when I was with her and It took me a while to get drive them away. Also, since that incident, Kino was absent so I decided to check on things.

Soon, I discovered that Kino assaulted Xxx once again.

I immediately went to her home and I saw her trembling as she saw my face. Looks like she knew that I am angry at her at that moment.

Soon, I decided to avoid her at all cost and it went on for 2 months before she contacted me again.



And so, we arrived at the hospital to where Xxx rests.

I saw the doctor who was standing on the entrance as if he is expecting me to arrive at that day.

Soon, he took me to the developmental ward where a lot of things were still under experimentation.

"Are you the Patient's friend?"

"Yup. Did you notify her parents about it?"

"Sadly, they met an accident a week ago. She is the only one in their family now."

"I see."

"Hiro-kun, I know that Kino-sama has done something bad to her. But, she was the one who called us to take care of her. Of course all expenses were shouldered by her. I think it's time for you to console her too. She is doing her best to be strong too."

"Is that so? Sensei, can you give this photo and this letter to her?"

"Yeah."

"But sensei, tell her once she has a reason to live once again."

The doctor bowed to me and I decided to take my leave without visiting her. And so, I know from now on that she will be safe until the time for her to know the truth.


==Present day==

"So Master, did you manage to find her?"

Sazanami asked me while she holds my hand.

"I haven't got a clue. Though today, I will go there to see if she was there.

"Is that so?"

"Yup."

As far as I can see, Sazanami's smile is genuine and she wishes me to go and meet the past so that I can make amends on it. However... I don't know what I would say once she comes to my way once again.

"Master, in times of doubt... Just remember that whatever happens, I will be there beside you. So just do whatever you want."

"Got it."

And with Sazanami's encouragement, I have decide to reconcile with my past.

==7 years later...==

I went back to see if she is alright, but the doctor told me she had already left 5 years ago due to her enlistment.

Even so, Xxx still visits here once a month to take care the kids who were also undergoing the same operation as hers.

And even so, I think that I will never see her anymore.



As I leave the hospital, I saw a familiar person who was a part of my base.

"Admiral?"

"Choukai, what are you doing here?"

"I am visiting someone here."

"Is that so?"

"Yup. Anyways, rare to see you here, was there someone you need to visit?"

"Yup. Sadly she was not here anymore."

"I see. Admiral, I'll go ahead then."

"Yup. See you at the base then."

And we both parted ways as I walk towards the door and Choukai towards the...<br />Developmental ward?

I looked back and I saw an image of a person who had an accident 7 years ago.

"It can't be..."

And so, a lot of questions runs in my mind as I try to make sense out of it.


==Her Voice IV: A voice of truth==

I woke up one day, around 3 years have passed since I lost my memories and the doctor who have taken good care of me told me that I can start walking around and try to remember things as what they are honestly, I have no idea what is this all about, but since the doctor is kind, I trusted his judgement.

Time to time, I recall some memories like I was a daughter of an average family with enough meal to eat three times a day, what kind of clothes I liked and... A blurred image of a man to whom I have confessed my feelings with.

And so, time slowly healed me until 2 years later...

"Sensei, I decided to enter the military service. I want to help a lot of people and protect our country."

The doctor cried as he has approved of my dream and soon... I am off to face the real world.

Before I became a soldier, I undergo a special test and they determined to where I was assigned to.

And so, I was assigned to the Raven's base due to my low aptitude to fighting and because they have determined I was a ship-girl.



And so, once a month; I visit the hospital to check on the doctor and his patients and also play with the kids who have undergo the same operation as me.

One time, I met the Admiral and he is currently visiting someone though I wonder who that person was, so we parted ways and I recall a dream I have one time as we bid farewell to one another.

"Hiro-san, I love you..."

I looked back and saw the Admiral has left the hospital. I decided to visit the doctor to check on him.



"Sensei, it’s nice to see you as healthy as ever."

"Thanks... by the way, what is your name in the base?"

"Choukai"

"Oh. Anyways, I remember something from the past. One guy who is your friend told me to give this to you once you are good enough. I guess this is the time to give these items to you."

The doctor gave me two items, one is a cellular phone and the other is a letter addressed to Xxx.

I turned the phone on and I saw the wall paper of the said phone.

"That is me and the other one is..."

The one who gave you this letter too."

The doctor gave me the letter and I opened it.



<p style="text-align: right;">''Hello Lavender.''</p>

<p style="text-align: right;">First of all, sorry for not being there when the time counts.</p>

<p style="text-align: right;">I really am a useless person all throughout and a scum for not visiting you at all. I wish that when you are reading this, you have moved on and loving someone else right now.</p>

<p style="text-align: right;">So here is a tip, if you ever find someone, please do not let that person go. And so, even if we can't meet anymore.</p>

<p style="text-align: right;">I hope and wish you all the best in the world. Oh right. Your name is Xxx, I haven't forgotten it at all</p>

<p style="text-align: right;">. - Hiro</p>




Tears fell from my eyes as I remember the name of the Admiral.

Hiro... Hiro Rave, he is my first love and the first person I fall in love after becoming Choukai.

And so, I have finally remembered everything that happened in the past after reading the letter.


==Confrontation with the past==

Kinugasa is currently talking with me in the rooftop of the naval base.

"Kinugasa-san... Rather, Kino-san; I remembered everything now."

"I see. Will you take me to the cops?"

"Nope, I have to thank you for saving me when the time counts. I am truly indebted to you."

Kinugasa was lost for words when I bowed to her.

"Kino-san, I am here right now to challenge you once more."

"Oh. But I am not winning this battle, is that alright?"

"It's fine. Sazanami-chan wins anyways. But this battle is between us after all... and this time, I won't back down. And no more back stabbing?"

"Oh, I am not the girl who I used to be. Don't worry, I can fight you head on now."

"Well then, may the better girl wins."

"Yup."

And we shook our hands in agreement to who will be the next person in the Admiral's heart.


==Reunion: 7 years in the making==

And so, I am currently waiting for that person, who was once asked me to join her on the seaside. Even though it's quite cliché that the person I was looking for was always there at my side all this time. And this time, when we are all older and have matured slightly, things changed too.

"Hiro-san, how do I look?"

Choukai who have arrived wearing a beautiful white one-piece dress is currently showing herself to me who happened to be that person she was looking for.

"It's nice. But Choukai, aren't you cold... This isn't summer anyways."

"I am fine. Asides, I am warm because I am with you."

"So, about what happened before..."

"Let's forget about that. Asides, she died 7 years ago."

"I see."

"But, I shall be carrying her wishes now since I have become Choukai 3 years ago. Admiral, please take care of me."

"Alright."

"Also Hiro-san, I love you even more."

"Ah... so this is where you are heading down."

"So it's a no?"

"Rather, I am quite happy to hear that from you. So Lavender... never mind."

Choukai smiled as I mentioned her rather derogatory nickname to her once again.

"I don't mind calling me that Admiral, but call me by that name when we are alone."

"Shit, I made a bad move..."

"Fufufu~ No escape from me now."

Choukai embraced me and she whispered words into my ears thanking me for letting her live this life once again.

"No Choukai, You have to thank Kino for that."

"I thank her already. I am thanking you for making a big impact on her heart. If she ever hated me, she would have left me there to die all alone."

"I see... do you still hate her?"

"Nope. I don't hate her at all. Asides, from now on, we have become rivals and comrades so there is no reason to hate her at all."

There was no hidden emotions on Choukai's expression so I decided that it's the truth and while I have no basis to support that, it’s better to trust her since she would stay with me when things got bad.

"By the way Admiral, will Sazanami be mad if she knew it was me?"

"Yes. But she won't hurt you."

"But she will force you to do something unreasonable, right Admiral?"

"Yeah."

"Then, let me help you explain everything then."

"Alright, you are indeed a big help."

And so, the two returns to the Admiral's office to face the Demon who is readying to bare her fangs on the Admiral.


==Extra Chapter:==

brown bird: So you mean to say that the person you see in your dreams is the Admiral when he is young? Talk about coincidences.

Lavender (temp): Indeed. I am quite surprised to hear that.

Blue Angel: I see... More enemies indeed.

Raven's Wife: Samidare, your ice queen persona is showing on chat.

Blue Angel: Sorry. (>.<)

Fuu(temp): Seriously.

A-Rare: Sazanami, what happened to Onii-chan then?

Raven's wife: well, he is currently doing extra duties. But that is because I was mad that it was Choukai-san all along. I thought she was an outsider all this time.

A-Rare: I see.

Divine Wind: So, why are we speaking in chat?

Idol: Isn't that because we are all busy at work and we do this just for entertainment?

Enforcer: Isn't that because we can't tell him how much we all love him?

1/2: What are you saying? It's not like I really like that idiot of an Admiral. Well, I wish he would stop being an idiot even for me...

A-Rare: -dere

Blue Angel: -dere

Prized Horse: Anyways, why is it that you guys are all giddy when it comes to the Commander. I mean he is a like pal to me.

Deko-chan: Isn't that because he treats you like a guy?

Mogamin: ...

German-boi: ...

Prized Horse: No Ane-san, seriously.

Deko-chan: What's wrong with you people!!!

RJ: guys, you are all rowdy here.

All: Sorry.

RJ: Anyways, wanna know the story how I met the Admiral?

All: Nevermind.

RJ: Hey~!

A-Rare: Anyways, I kinda wished we have that sort of beginnings too...

Blue Angel: Me too.

Raven's Wife: Me... Nevermind.

Lavender: Oh right, I haven't heard Sazanami-chan's story at all.

Raven's Wife: Well...

[Hiro Raven enters the chat room]

Hiro Raven: Back, Sazanami don't dump all of those crazy paper works on me.

Raven's Wife: I am just mad for knowing that it's Choukai.

Lavender: LQ?

RJ: It's LQ alright.

Hiro Raven: Sorry if it turns out to be like this. I'll make it up to you then.

Raven's wife: Alright, You are forgiven Master.

Blue Angel: Daww~

A-Rare: I am glad. Onii-chan, come play with me later.

Hiro Raven: Ok.

A-Rare: Anyways, got to go.

[A-Rare left the chat room]

Lavender: me too.

[Lavender left the chat room]



Choukai who was currently looking at the monitor stood up and walk out of her room and walk towards the Admiral's office to play too. Though she is far different than what she used to be, she didn't mind those changes and she decided to pursue the things that she wanted to pursue and not to let go to the most important person who have thought her to love not once, but twice.

And so, with the newly found reason to stay at the Admiral's side... she is determined to work hard for it again.

'''- End.'''
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Fan]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]