===Author's Comment:===

You can actually skip Akigumo's chapter... It deviates from the fun I had envisioned from this chapter, but I did not remove it due to some issues with the contination of the story within.


==Prologue:==

Autumn is always associated with the change of colors of the world since its the time the world prepares for the harsh winter that would arrive this december. Of course, the naval base which is part of that world is also experiencing the sudden change in colors and the sudden drop in the surrounding temperature that cue others to cover some part of their exposed bodies since the cold has always been unforgiving to them. Anyways, this didn't stopped the submarines from sorteing only wearing their swimsuits as they strike on the abyssals who were seemed to be immune to any kinds of weather.

And This fall, yes... We should really call this event fall since things are starting to fall... the only difference is where do they fall. Well... that is something we should always have to contemplate about that.

And so, in a certain naval base; even the sudden drop of temperature didn't stopped them from doing their tasks in hand. Afterall, come rain or snow, they will be fine anyways.

But, one person seems to have rememebered something about the past.


==Mikazuki's bizzare Adventure==

Mikazuki currently strolls around the city as she looks around for clothes to wear. Her buddy Satsuki currently walks with her while admiring the scenery that unfolds around them.

Satsuki: Mikazuki, it seems that some of them were putting up christmas lights already. Ain't it lovely?

Mikazuki who was with her can only agree to Satsuki since it's true anyways.

Mikazuki: Yeah. But I wonder why they do that so early? Is it because it's in the -ber months?

Satsuki: Maybe. But then, some countries celebrate their Christmas too early.

Mikazuki: Indeed.

And so the two went on the newly opened Autumn bazaar.



The two were looking around as they choose clothes. Satsuki seems to be fascinated with the clothes people wear for the upcoming winter. Mikazuki on the other side... She was distracted to the seller of the clothes. Well, it's because she knows that person too well.

Mikazuki: Shiranui...

Shiranui who has a cold sweat forming on her head is surprised to see Mikazuki and Satsuki in the bazaar.

Shiranui: I am not Shiranui. There is no way someone like Mikazuki or Satsuki knows my name...

Mikazuki: You spilled it Shiranui-san. Anyways, is this fine for you?

Shiranui: well, my work is a bit on-hold for now since the higher-ups are behaving correctly. I guess you can say I am out of employment for now.

Mikazuki: I see. Anyways, is there any clothing you can recommend to me and to Hiro-san. Winter is still 2 months away, But I have to be ready just in case.

Shiranui: Alright. Do you remember the body size of the admiral?

Mikazuki: Yup. I can still remember it, even the warmth of it.

Shiranui blushed after Mikazuki slipped out something that can be considered as suggestively lewd, but due to the fact that Mikazuki has mentioned of it, it can be said that they might have done the act already.

Shiranui: Alright. Anyways, does an all white combo fine for you?

Mikazuki: Yup. But I wish that he can see me even the day is out.

Shiranui: Ain't you out in the sun right now?

Mikazuki: Indeed. But I am borrowing someone's shadow.

Shiranui: I think you lost me there...

Satsuki arrived carrying a 2 pairs of mittens and she looked surprised to see Shiranui as the seller.

Satsuki: Shiranui-san, are you on penalty?

Shiranui: Nope. I am out of work as of the moment.

Satsuki: Sorry to hear that.

Shiranui: Don't worry. I can manage. Anyways Mikazuki-san where are we again?

Mikazuki: Oh yeah. Anyways, I am borrowing Satsuki's shadow.

Shiranui: Oh right. But can I know why the Admiral can't see you in the day?

Mikazuki: Well... I have a weak existence and it seems that my vow with him makes me more invisible. I can only be visible to my sisters when it's on the day. And if I ever want to show myself, I need to borrow a shadow.

Shiranui: I see. Oh wait, since it's autumn...

Mikazuki: I am afraid that only my sisters can see me this whole season. I am worried since there are less opportunities for me to borrow a shadow.

Satsuki: Somehow, your talk about supernatural didn't seem to fit into this theme we are having right now?

Shiranui: Don't worry, they will not mind it anyways.

Satsuki: I am worried on that actually...

Mikazuki: Anyways Shiranui-san, did you already chose the coat that the Admiral will wear?

Shiranui pulls out a black trench coat which is advisable to wear on the winter days.

Shiranui: Here... Also, his favorite color is black.

Mikazuki: Yup.

Satsuki: Can I look for some scarves too. Minazuki wants one too. Kisaragi and Mutsuki wants 2 couple scarves too.

Shiranui: Alright.

Mikazuki I can understand Mutsuki-nee wanted a couple scarf. But why Kisaragi-nee... That theiving cat...

Shiranui smiled as she saw Mikazuki's reaction as Mikazuki expresses her jealousy towards Kisaragi.

Soon after, Shiranui gave the scarves to Satsuki and the two of them paid Shiranui in exact. Before the two left, Mikazuki turns back and waves goodbye on Shiranui.

After the two left, Shiranui recieves a phone call.

Shiranui: Shiranui here...

xxx: Yo! Can I ask you for a favor?

Shiranui: What is it?

xxx: Can you please watch over my sisters? They are precious to me.

Shiranui: I am at the middle of my selling.

xxx: Is that so? Oh well... I guess it's fine if they go hi-aced by the people who were lurking around.

Shiranui: what did you say!?

xxx: Anyways, I better tell the Commander too... He knows that there are reports of child abduction in this area.

Shiranui: What a pain. But if he will praise me for taking care of them...

xxx: I know I can count on you... ufufufu~!

Shiranui: (I hate this feeling that I am being manipulated. But this is an emergency...)

Shiranui then calls out her assistant and let her sell the merchandise while she is away.



Shiranui later see that Mikazuki and Satsuki were safe as Mikazuki neutralizes the kidnappers and the get-away vehicle is being cut in two.

Shiranui: What in the world...

Satsuki: Thanks Mikazuki-chan.

Mikazuki who looked like she was in frenzy looks at Shiranui and after confirming that the enemies were incapacitated, she returns the sword to it's scabbard and she magically hides the sword in mid-air.

Mikazuki: Don't worry Shiranui-san, I was actually sent out to hunt them down.

Shiranui: Impossible, they didn't get killed at all...

Mikazuki: Well... Hiro-san told me that I can only kill someone when that someone is going to kill the most important people of my life.

Shiranui: I see...

Shiranui can only feel amaze as she saw the strength of Mikazuki's words as she managed to get the kidnappers down.

Satsuki: Anyways, I better call the police.

Mikazuki: Alright.

Satsuki then pulls out the safety pin of ther anti-pervert alarm.

Shiranui walks away and went back to her stall.

Shiranui: (seriously, more unreasonable monsters breed on the Admiral's place. I hope he can tame them all...)

And Shiranui resumes her work.


==Kumano's world - fall sonata==

Kumano currently looks at the package she has recieve from an unknown person.

Kumano: I wonder where this came from?

Kumano looks around and she look to whom the package was addressed to.

Kumano: No receiver...

Kumano then decides to open the package to confirm if there are any bad things inside of it.



Kumano opens the package and she saw glass shoes inside of it.

Kumano: ...

Soon there is a letter attached to it.


<p style="text-align: center;">'''''<To the most beautiful girl of this season...>'''''</p>



Kumano: I wonder where did it came from?

Kumano closes the package and she hides it in the drawer.

Kumano: I guess I will ask someone later...

Kumano then stands up and she returns to her room.




<p style="text-align: center;">'''- Elegant Lady enters the chat -'''</p>

Elegant Lady: Sigh*

Bell-8: What's the matter Kumano?

Kumarinko: Is there something bothering you. You can always call for Mogamin-oniichan for that.

Not-a-boy: I am not an Onii-san!!!

Raven's wife: Kumano-san, is there a problem with work today?

Elegant Lady: Sorry for making you girls worry. Anyways Mogami-nee, please wear a skirt instead. It makes you more feminine.

Not-a-boy: Please don't make a comment on my clothes!

Elegant Lady: Anyways, I see a pair of glass shoes which was sent here. I wonder who owns it?


<p style="text-align: center;">'''- Hiro Raven enters the chat -'''</p>


Blue Princess: Glass shoes? I think I can remember a story regarding to that... Oh, but nevermind.

Elegant Lady: ?

Raven's wife: Samidare, what do you know?

Blue Princess: Please talk to the Admiral about that... I will not disclose it in this chat.

Raven's wife: Alright. Master, you are here right now!?

Hiro Raven: I am here... Anyways, could we do it later... when the two of us are awake?

ALL: WAIT!? IS THIS AN INVITATION TO A NIGHT BATTLE!!!

Hiro Raven: Oh shit, I got to carried away when I tried being vague. Anyways, I'll say something about the glass shoes later.

Raven's wife: Alright.


<p style="text-align: center;">'''- Hiro Raven has left the chat -'''</p>


Raven's wife: I guess I don't have to disclose it here now.


<p style="text-align: center;">'''- Raven's wife has left the chat -''' - Blue Princess has left the chat -</p>


Elegant Lady: I wonder what does the Admiral knows?

Not-a-boy: Maybe he is the sender... but damn, I want those.

Bell-8: I guess that's the reason... ufufufu. Go for the bacon Kumano!

Kumarinko: And if he makes you cry, come to me and we 4 will confront him later. Is that fine?

Elegant Lady: Alright.

Black Dog: Oh shit. Katsuragi and Zuikaku are terrorizing my room!!!

Hurricane bow: Kuro-san, come and have dinner to my room then. I think you need to take some rest.

SKK: I believe that Taihou is fanning the flames more...


<p style="text-align: center;">'''- Elegant Lady has left the chat -'''</p>




<p style="text-align: center;">|---|</p>

Kumano closes the laptop and sigh even more. She realized that it might be some kind of a gift that the Admiral has sent to her as a whim. To Kumano, having Samidare knew the existence of such item before she had openly broadcasted it to the chat makes her think that it might be Samidare's shoes after all.

And once more, Kumano sighs.


The next day, Samidare approaches Kumano asking about the glass shoes.

Kumano showed her the glass shoes. Soon, Samidare wore the said shoes and it fits her foot perfectly.

Samidare: I see... It's a prototype...

Kumano: Come again?

Samidare: Well, the Admiral has been doing something behind the shadows. He asked me to be the model for this glass shoe only to see if it's actually possible to stand on it. And it seems that it's quite good enough. But my foot would get sore since it's quite hard. Oh well...

Samidare removed the shoes and then takes out a hammer.

Kumano: Hammer? Wait!!!

Samidare smashes the glass shoe.

Kumano then realizes that Samidare is ordered to destroy the shoe and thus slaps Samidare's face, But Samidare instinctively catches Kumano's hand.

Kumano: Unfair...

Samidare: It's not unfair... Asides, there is a reason why I did that.

Kumano: I see no reason at all for breaking that shoe...

Samidare: Really?

Samidare lets go of Kumano's hand and picks up something from the debris.

Kumano's eyes grew wide as she saw another note stuck on the shoe debris.

Samidare: I was told to retrieve the note which is on the shoe. I am surprised you didn't know that?

Kumano takes the note and she saw the message on the note.

<p style="text-align: center;">'''''<To Kumano who have become my First Fall.>'''''</p>


Kumano: First fall?

Samidare: Kumano-san, The Admiral is making glass shoes for you. He wants to make sure that the shoes will be comfortable for your sensitive feet. The Admiral loves it so much... that I am quite jealous of it.

Kumano's tears fall down from her eyes.

Kumano didn't understood why the Admiral had to go the roundabout way of telling her about the glass shoes.

Kumano: Unfair... Hiro-sama is so unfair...

Samidare: Indeed. But the Admiral is bad at keeping secrets. That is why he has entrusted it to me to deliver his message. I think, if he sees your crying face right now, he will give up and kiss you instead to calm you down. But, things are different right now.

Kumano: I know...

Tears didn't stop from falling as Kumano cried over something that is almost pointless.

Samidare: But, The Admiral told me to that you can keep the other glass shoe. But, I will break it when you have receive the proper pair. Is that alright with you?

Kumano wipes her tears and looks straght at Samidare, for the first time, she makes up her mind on the things that concerned her the most.

Kumano: Yes. I will do that. Please be easy on me then.

Samidare: Alright. Admiral, you can come out and hug her now. You are losing it already.

The Admiral who was hiding in the shadows shows himself and he let Kumano hug him tightly.

Samidare who witness the scene decides to leave them alone for the time being. After all, the jealousy that runs inside of her will grow rampant is she stay a second longer.

Kumano continues to hug the Admiral so tight that the Admiral have to tap her in order for her to let him go.

Kumano: Idiot. Hiro-sama is an idiot!

Hiro: I know... So Kumano, were you surprised?

Kumano: Who would not be surprised when Samidare smashed that shoe into pieces?

Hiro: Indeed...

Kumano: But now I know what you mean with that.

Hiro: I see... anyways, let me tell you something.

Kumano: What is it?

Hiro: you are getting close to your goal. Please take care and do your best.

Kumano: What do you mean?

Hiro: S-E-C-R-E-T~!

Kumano smiles and hold the hands of the Admiral. Kumano somehow understood what the admiral  meant even if the Admiral has to do things in the vague way possible at most.

Kumano: Hiro-sama, so what will you do with Kino-nee?

Hiro: I'll work out on it.

Kumano: Please be quick on it. I might get ahead of her...

Hiro: I know.

Kumano still didn't let go of the Admiral's hand and she still holds on to it.

Kumano: Hiro-sama, can you listen to my second request?

The Admiral looks back at her and Kumano draws herself closer to the Admiral, But the two were interrupted by a certain person.

Sazanami: Kumano-san, Please do that later... when no one is watching.

Kumano lets go of the Admiral's hand.

Sazanami: Master, you are getting caught up to her rhythm again.

Hiro: Sorry...

Sazanami: It's fine. But this time, please do it in the right place and on the right time.

Hiro: Alright. So what brings you here?

Sazanami blushed after the Admiral asked her that question.

Hiro: Kumano, I'll listen to that later.

Sazanami and the Admiral left the area and they left Kumano alone.

Kumano looks on the other shoe and she saw the message on the other shoe.


<p style="text-align: center;">'''''<when you reach 99, please be ready for our provisional marriage>'''''</p>


Kumano sooner holds on to the promise which was enclosed by the glass shoe.




==The Fall who have fallen==

Akigumo currently looks at the drawings she has made for the past week. Somehow, she is totally unmotivated at all.

Akigumo: These sketches are nothing at all... I wonder when will Kazagumo allow me to draw her and the Admiral?

Yuugumo who was with her smiles as she pats Makigumo who was resting on her lap and now has fallen asleep due to the cool air of the autumn.

Yuugumo: You know Akigumo, why don't you roam around looking for something steamy. I have heard that the Admiral and Sazanami were doing it last night.

Akigumo: But all I see is a meeting. Nothing steamy happened that night.

Yuugumo: Oh my!?

Akigumo: Anyways, Kazagumo-chan seems to sleep earlier nowadays, I wonder what does she do anyways.

Yuugumo: Girls need to sleep early in order for them to look beautiful. Ufufufu~!

Akigumo: As always, you are bound to tease me saying that I lack sleep.

Akigumo suddenly felt the need to yawn and she stretches her arm which made her more sleepy.

Akigumo: Damn, no ideas at all. Yuugumo-san, I'll take a rest today.

Yuugumo: Alright.

Akigumo went back to her room and she slumped herself on the bed. She stood up and look at Kazagumo who is currently sleeping too.

Akigumo: I wonder if love makes her do that...

Then Akigumo changes her clothes and put up her sleepwear and started to do some sleep.



A few hours later, she felt that there is some weight pressing down her body.

Akigumo: Heavy~

Akigumo opens her eyes and she saw Yuugumo sitting on top of her.

Akigumo tried to scream due to her surprise, but Yuugumo covered her mouth immediately using her hand. Akigumo can only bit her hand in retaliation.

Akigumo realizes that she was bound on her bed and Yuugumo is currently straddling above her.

Yuugumo: Ufufufu~ Naive girl. Most of the time, I can see that you get flustered whenever you draw Kazagumo and the Admiral together. Naive girl you are indeed...

Yuugumo runs her finger on Akigumo's body.

Akigumo can only grunt since she can't speak.

Yuugumo: But let's face it... Even though I like the Admiral, I really can't be with him since I have passed the torch to Kazagumo-chan and it seems that it's working too great to our side.

Akigumo can only grunt in agreement.

Yuugumo: Oh my, I am hurting you already.

Yuugumo removed her hand which was inside of Akigumo's mouth.

Akigumo: HELP!!!

Yuugumo smiled as she knows that Akigumo will do that.

Yuugumo: It's pointless.

Akigumo: Yuugumo-san, what are you doing?

Yuugumo: Me? I am just teasing you. Also, I am here on my little sister's request. Though she didn't know that I am bound to traumatize you.

Akigumo looked at her side to see that Kazagumo's bed is empty.

Yuugumo: See~.

Akigumo then loses her will to fight back.

Akigumo: Yuugumo-san, If you want to do something to my body... PLEASE DO IT NOW!!!

Yuugumo then removes herself and she begins to untie Akigumo.

Akigumo then looked confused as Yuugumo unties her from her bed.

Yuugumo: Well then, After seeing you give up... I decided to end this.

Yuugumo then unbuttons her blouse and she took out something which was stuck between her breast.

Akigumo takes it and opens it.

Akigumo saw her sketch of her and the admiral having a night together.

Yuugumo: I don't know what did happen in order for you to see yourself in that way, But I advise you to stand down.

Akigumo then realizes that Yuugumo meant business with her.

Akigumo: But... It's only a figment...

Yuugumo: While Sazanami is kind enough to let others have their way with the Admiral. I am here to make sure no other candidates will get to know the Admiral better. I am doing this for Kazagumo's sake... even if she doesn't want me to intervene at all.

Akigumo: You are the worst!

Yuugumo: I am indeed the worst. But, you haven't seen Mikazuki when she gets possesive...

Akigumo: What do you mean?

Yuugumo: It's something you should never, ever get to know.

Yuugumo fastens the buttons of her blouse and stood up from the bed. Then, Yuugumo opens the door and exits leaving Akigumo behind.

Akigumo: I see... She sees me as an obstacle for having my thoughts run wild...

Akigumo tears the piece of paper she is holding into pieces as she vents out her rage as she can't believe what she has experienced.

Soon, the door opens and a gloomy Kazagumo greets her.

Kazagumo embraces Akigumo and apologize to her over and over and over again until the two fell asleep.


==Tea time with Akizuki==

Morning came and Akizuki woke up early and make some stretches as she tries to get herself into shape.

Running with her is Hatsuzuki who has been doing this since the time she entered the naval base.

Akizuki: Hatsuzuki, your pace is so fast.

Hatsuzuki: Akizuki-neesan, this is the pace I am comfortable with.

Akizuki: Eehhh!!! But you might leave me behind~

Hatsuzuki: Oh well, then I shall stick with you and match your pace then.

Akizuki: Thanks Hatsuzuki. By the way, is Teruzuki awake?

Hatsuzuki: Nope. I believe she wants to bake cookies later.

Akizuki: I see...

And the two proceed to their jogging.



After the training, the two went back inside and change their clothes and started the day. Today, Akizuki has not been assigned to do any work.

Akizuki: I see... Teruzuki will come back later. Hatsuzuki, what will we do then?

Hatuzuki: Let's see...

Soon, Kongou took notice of the two Akizuki-class Destroyer having problems.

Kongou: Hey! You two, is there a problem?

Akizuki and Hatsuzuki looked at Kongou and they draw their best puppy eyes on Kongou.

Kongou: Alright, I'll feed you both.



It's a rule that when Teruzuki is out and no one can cook food fot the Akizuki sisters, someone will feed them, thus the Akizuki sisters were being treated as pets.

Anyways, Kongou prepares the tea set and she calls her sisters to start the early day tea time.

Kongou: Without much intro, this is our 35th Early day tea time!

The audience clapped as they have been anticipating the moment Kongou started to speak.

Kongou: Anyways, we have guests today and they are the famous Akizuki sisters.

The audience claps once more.

Akizuki felt left out as she tries to understand the situation. Soon, Akizuki asks Kirishima who is sitting on her right side.

Akizuki: Umm... why are you all clapping?

Kirishima: Because she is doing her best as an emcee.

Akizuki: I see.

Kongou then finally opens the table for them

Kongou: Anyways! We have prepared all kinds of biscuits for us today. Please help yourself.

And so the tea party has begun



A few hours later, Akizuki and Hatsuzuki stood up and thanked her senpais.

Akizuki: Thank you for taking care of us.

Hatsuzuki: Thank you.

The two bowed at them and they went out of the room.

Soon the Kongou sisters continued their tea time.



Meanwhile,

Akizuki: Our senpais are quite nice, right?

Hatsuzuki: Indeed.

Akizuki: By the way, why are they awake at this moment?

Hatsuzuki: Hmm... who knows...

And the two went back to their rooms.


==Akagi and Kaga's food adventures==

Akagi currently is out of town looking for Kaga who went ahead of her.

Akagi: Kaga-san, Where are you?

Akagi looked around and she saw a Nakau store.

Akagi's stomach suddenly growls as she smell the food which was being served inisde. Soon, Akagi can't stop her appetite and decided to waltz into the said store



Meanwhile, Kaga is still waiting for Akagi to arrive. Kaga is currently at Yoshinoya's

Kaga: Akagi-san, where have you gone right now?

Soon, the scent of cooked meat wafted towards the nose of the gluttonous carrier.

Kaga: (I musn't lose to this temptation... Akagi-san must be waiting for me...)

Soon, Kaga drool already to the smell of the food which was being served inside the store. Then, Kaga loses herself and went inside the store to eat.



Late that evening, the Admiral went and picked up the two who have wolfed down the meal of the said stores that Akagi and Kaga went to eat. Legends has it that the Admiral scolded them and they are only allowed to sortie using AA guns.


==A walk to remember==

Kazagumo and the Admiral were out of the naval base right now. They were rather on a date since the Admiral has promised her to bring her out for a date.

Kazagumo: Phew, this settles it.

Kazagumo who is currently wearing her autumn attire stretches her arms as she feels relieved after dealing with some situations she had.

Hiro: I see. I am glad that it ended well. I would have never learned it until I checked the logs.

Kazagumo then bows to the Admiral as she ask for his apology.

Kazagumo: Sorry, for making things a bit overboard.

Hiro: It's fine, Asides... it's not your fault.

The Admiral pats Kazagumo's head and she then step a bit closer to the admiral.

Hiro: How's your relationship with Akigumo now?

Kazagumo then gets the Admiral's hand which was on her head and she hold it and she even locked her fingers on it.

Kazagumo: Yup. We are now fine. A few hours ago, after taking a bath; Akigumo showed me a picture of me naked. It seems that her artistic senses has returned.

Hiro: I see... so what was your request on Yuugumo?

Kazagumo: You see, I saw Akigumo slumped on her sketches. I asked Yuugumo to give her ideas so that she can continue on those sketches.

Hiro: And then, Yuugumo stumbles on that piece of paper that made her decided to harrass Akigumo.

Kazagumo: Honestly, Onee-chan is a pain. She made a fuss on the smallest things ever.

Hiro: Indeed. Anyways, It looks like Akigumo and Yuugumo's relations still hasn't healed at all. But then, it's Yuugumo's fault for going overboard this time so She will have to resolve that problem herself.

Kazagumo: Indeed... Anyways, where are you taking me?

Hiro: Without further ado... Fuu, Look around.

Kazagumo ignored the name the Admiral has said and looked at the surroundings.

Welcome to the culmination of my dreams!

The Admiral has brought Kazagumo to the amusement park.



Kazagumo then went and tried every rides and she enjoyed them all... However, the Admiral almost loses himself as he can't handle some of the rides.

Kazagumo: I like it!!! Hiro-san, let's do it one more time!!!

The Admiral who looked like he is a step away from passing out refused to go with her.

Hiro: Sorry. I am feeling sick...

Kazagumo: I see...

Kazagumo then takes the Admiral to a bench. So far, only the two of them are in the amusement park since they are the only ones who will test every rides in the amusement park.

Kazagumo then lets the Admiral's rest on her lap as he takes a breath of fresh air which is blowing around the amusement park. Currently, the two are alone in a big amusement park.

Kazagumo: Thanks for bringing me here. So why here of all places?

Hiro: Well, we don't want to hire people to ride these attractions, So I decided to have a date with you here... so far, I can see that you are having fun.

Kazagumo: Of course... there is no way that I would not enjoy this... I mean, I'm with you Hiro-san...

The Admiral smiled when he saw Kazagumo's face grew red as she gave her honest reply to him.

Hiro: Anyways, sorry for not holding on... I am quite weak to these rides.

Kazagumo: Yeah. I guess this is one of those rare secrets that only I know.

And Kazagumo nurse the Admiral until he felt better.



Evening came and the two decided to go back home, the Amiral is now at his good condition and considered walking too in the meanwhile.

Kazagumo: By the way, what is it that you wanted me to see? you haven't showed it to me yet?

Hiro: Oh right. Well, we'll be on our way then...

Kazagumo: Strange...

The two walked on the paved road towards the naval base, soon they saw the lights flickered in front of them.

Kazagumo: Fireflies on autumn?

Hiro: Nope.

Kazagumo: What are these...

Kazagumo tried to touch the light but the light moved away from her.

Hiro: Well, I guess time is up.

Kazagumo: What do you mean?

Soon underneath the bushes, someone came out of those bushes.

xxx: It looks like it's not enough... Commander, I will take my leave.

Hiro: Thanks, I'll reward you later.

Soon the shadow vanishes as she retreats back into the darkness.

Hiro: Anyways, let's get to the real thing.

Kazagumo: wait, what do you mean with the...

Before Kazagumo finishes her explanation, Fireworks detonated into the dark night sky. From their perspective, the place and the angle is perfect for them to view the firework show that the Admiral has prepared in advance and the first attempt is actually to time their arrival.

Hiro: Gocha!

Kazagumo: Wow!

Hiro: See, I have it under control.

Kazagumo who was lost on words then looks at the night sky. Soon, Kazagumo noticed the lonely hand that the Admiral has laid withing her eye range tempting her to hold it.

Soon, when the timing seemed right for Kazagumo; she slowly reached out the hand of the man that she loved. Even though she know that she can never be the number 1 in his heart, she is contented that even for a while... that she can be one of the special people who can make his heart skipped a beat. And so, she decided to hold his hand as a sign of her determination to stir the waters, It's because that she has already decided the role that she has to play at this moment. Even if she became someone helpless in the end, she didn't mind it since it's her life and she is in control of it.

Kazagumo: (Hiro-san loves teasing me... Oh well, I have to give myself up to him.)

And so, Kazagumo has given herself up to the Admiral... because she loves him and thus making her a part of some tragic story where her love is destined to be forever unrequited.

Kazagumo: (I am an idiot... especially for him, but the only time I have to be someone like this is when I am with him... Oh well, what a dillemma.)

The Admiral who had left his hand open felt the presence of a soft hand that slowly grips his open hand. The Admiral knew that he is bound to hurt the girl he is holding right now, But... they both have decided to hurt one another in order for them to understand and feel the love they both feel for one another.

And so, as the last firework detonated in the sky, the sky turned dark once more and with only the lights from the light posts left, the two looked at one another and felt that they should break the ice.

Hiro: So, shall we head back home?

Kazagumo understood that the Admiral now is letting things go as what she wanted to, but... that alone is not enough. She needed to make an impression in order for the Admiral to remember her more... And so, with a slight touch of courage, she stood tiptoed and she kisses the Admiral's lips which was also left defenseless due to the Admiral being familiarly close to Kazagumo.

For a few seconds, Kazagumo endured her sore feet as she kisses the Admiral's lips and then Admiral returns her kiss by kissing her back after Kazagumo lets go of the Admiral.

Kazagumo then felt that her world turned slower and slower and slower and slower as she burns the sensation that she is having right now when the Admiral caught her lips and sealed it with his lips as a sign of his affirmation of hir feelings for her. For now, they are the only ones around at that paved road and no one will go to that road since no one really goes there. Thus, you might say that they might do some miracle if they continue this exchange of sweetness between them. But, the Admrial knows that it will hurt them more if they continue doing it... so, he gently lets go of her and embraces her tight.

Hiro: Thanks.

Kazagumo: Me too...

Hiro: This time, for real... Let's go back.

Kazagumo: Yup ♪

And the two begin to walk towards the naval base to where their friends are waiting for them. They vowed to themselves that they will not disclose what happened to them that night. Afterall, it was a clear sign of their... illegal act of love.

The bonds they made that night makes their relationship stronger... and soon, this will become a trouble to others.


==Autumn for two: Part A==

Kamikaze is currently looking at the view outside from the window of her room. She saw the admiral taking a nap at the maple tree that is currently shedding it's leaves. Harukaze saw the said spectacle and recommended Kamikaze to go to his side in order for her to secure a spot in his to-be-ringed candidates. For Kamikaze, she didn't mind it at all, But Harukaze insisted that its for her future as a ship-girl.

Anyways, with an extra push from Harukaze that sent Kamikaze flying from the 2nd floor of the dorm room towards the top of the nearby maple tree; Kamikaze accidentally made it out.

Kamikaze: Dammit, you don't need to push me!!!

Harukaze: But Nee-san would be too shy to move to his side, I have witnessed how shy you are whenever you tried to approach him whenever he is alone.

Kamikaze blused as soon as Harukaze blurted out the truth.

Soon, Kamikaze gets up and properly dust off the leaves and branches that got stuck to her uniform which she constantly wear even if she is not on sortie.

Kamikaze silently walk towards the sleeping Admiral, but she was surprised to see a sleeping girl beside him. She has short, white hair and she is currently sleeping while using the Admiral's arm as her arm pillow. Kamikaze identified the said girl which is her fellow expedition mate Arare who usually calls the Admiral her big brother.

Soon, Arare woke up to the faint sound of footsteps that Kamikaze made.

Arare soon saw Kamikaze who was frozen at her spot after seeing her and the Admiral sleeping together.

Arare: Oh my. Are you perhaps wanting to sleep with him?

Kamikaze: no, no, no... Asides Arare-san, why are you here?

Arare looked at the sleeping profile of the Admiral and she immediately wipes the cheek of the Admiral.

Arare: Hmm... I am here because I am marking my territory.

Kamikaze: territory?

After Arare wiped the cheek of the Admiral, she immediately kisses the sleeping Admiral at his cheek as a sign of challenge to Kamikaze who is just watching her do the swift kiss.

Kamikaze: WHA!!

Arare wiped her lips and she looked at the vexed Kamikaze and she taunts her more.

Arare: Oh my. Are you jealous? Bad for you but the onii-chan allows me to sit beside him.

Kamikaze: I see... I will take my leave then. I might be disturbing your good time then.

Kamikaze turns back and she started to walk back towards the dorm. But before she can take the first step, she heard a faint voice coming out from her back.

Hiro: It's noisy. And Arare, did you just kiss me at my cheek?

The Admiral woke up due to Arare's kiss on his cheek.

Arare: Onii-chan, I was just swatting flies.

Hiro: There are no flies in this area.

Arare: I know...

Kamikaze tries to proceed but she was stopped once more, but this time; she is called by the Admiral.

Hiro: Kamikaze? What are you doing here?

Kamikaze didn't look back and she answers him.

Kamikaze: I was walking here a while ago... I just see you sleeping, but Arare-san is also sleeping with you. Anyways, I better go.

Kamikaze didn't looked back and she started to dash towards the destroyer dorms.

Arare who have noticed Kamikaze's behavior started to yank the Admiral's sleeve.

Arare: Sorry Onii-chan. I might have hurt Kamikaze-san more than I intended to do.

Hiro: I see... so this is what you meant for flies.

The Admiral made a weak Karate chop on Arare's head.

Hiro: Next time, don't tease those who don't know our true relationship.

Arare nodded in agreement.

Hiro: But, I am fine with you sticking close to me... It reminds me back when we are kids.

Arare: Back then, you were the one who sticks close to me.

Hiro: Indeed... But now, I have become someone reliable.

Arare: Yeah. that is why a lot of girls flocked to your side.

Hiro: Sorry about that. Anyways, thanks for waking me up.

Arare: I didn't intended to wake you up...

Hiro: Let's not think it that way...

The admiral slowly stood up and dusts off his pants, Arare who was still sticking to him lets go of his sleeves and she also stood up and hugs the Admiral.

Arare: I am in no position to do this... but allow me to do this once in a while.

Hiro: No need for my permission to do that. You are always welcome to do that... Afterall, you are the reason I didn't die when I was still weak and powerless.

Arare didn't replied to the Admiral's answer. Arare slowly lets go if the Admiral and she gently pushed the Admiral...

Arare: Enough with our sweet talk, go get her... Kamikaze wants to be with you too.

Hiro: Figure that you would say that. Thanks, and Sorry about that. I'll make it up to you.

Soon, the Admiral run towards the direction Kamikaze went.

Arare who was left behind slowly sits back at the bench. She looks up at the rooftop and she saw the figure of the Admiral and Kamikaze already having a conversation. Arare smiles and utters something to herself...

Arare: Good luck on your future endeavors, Onii-chan.


==Autumn for Two: Part B==

Kamikaze rushed back to the dorms as she runs away from the sight of the two. Kamikaze's mind is clouded with thoughts of the two might be real life lovers too.

Kamikaze: I don't understand... what is this feeling...

Kamikaze stopped at the door that leads to her room, but she didn't entered the said room and instead went to the rooftop. For her, the cold wind might help her ease the unknown feeling she is having right now.



A few minutes after that, the Admiral rushed to where Kamikaze is right now.

Kamikaze: Commander!!!

The Admiral who was still breathing erratically looks at the figure that looks at him with a face of worry.

Kamikaze: Commander, don't tell me that you are here to apologize to me. There is no need for that. I understand it already... So, stay away from me.

The Admiral collects himself and soon, he faced Kamikaze and takes a step closer to Kamikaze who tries to push him away.

Kamikaze: Stay Away!!!

The Admiral didn't mind the words that Kamikaze has said and then, he corners her into a wall.

Kamikaze's back was then stopped by that wall and she can't move anywhere anymore.

Kamikaze: WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU!? I DID SAY THAT THERE IS NO NEED FOR YOU TO APOLO-

But before Kamikaze could even finish her words, the Admiral kisses her lips.

But Kamikaze pushed him back rejecting his advance.

Kamikaze: I don't understand... I don't know what I am feeling right now!!! I feel so sick whenever I see you and Arare having fun. And, and... It feels that my heart is goiing to explode from this feeling I have inside... Commander, what is it that I feel!? Why am I in pain!?

The Admiral takes a step forwards and this time, he grabbed Kamikaze's hand and tries to kiss her once more. This time, Kamikaze's resistance was reduced and he succeededly kisses the girl who reject his advances. The Admiral knew that what he is doing right now is not really the best answer to that, but because of that he gets to know the jealous side of Kamikaze.

Soon, Kamikaze accepted his kiss and hold on to it as she kisses him back. Kamikaze's mind which is currently filled with thoughts of jealousy vanishes in that instant after that kiss.

The Admiral lets go of her hand and he hugged her tight. Kamikaze hugs him back.

Hiro: Sorry if I have to a bit forceful to you... But there is something I want you to know.

Kamikaze: I think I know what you are going to say.

Hiro: Arare is just teasing you. Asides, we made a promise to stay friends for eternity... That is why I have to reject all of her advances.

Kamikaze: But... Arare is way better...

Hiro: WHO SAYS THAT YOU ARE NOT GOOD ENOUGH FOR ME!?

Kamikaze's heart skipped a bit after hearing that from the Admiral.

Hiro: Listen, why did I allow you to be at my side? It's because I have listened to your wish. I have accepted your advances. Remember the night that I made you mine?

Kamikaze's tears starts to fall after remembering the good times that they have made.

Hiro: Are you feeling good now?

Kamikaze wipes her tears and soon, she looked at the Admiral who is serious for her.

Kamikaze: Yes.

Hiro: Well then, I guess Arare might see us here... so We better move somewhere else.

Kamikaze felt that the Admiral is referring something that they must do alone.

Kamikaze: How about my room? I can ask Harukaze to get me things for a while...

Hiro: I doubt about that...

Kamikaze: Don't worry, she might know what I am referring to...

Hiro: Oh well...

The Admiral then carries Kamikaze in a princess-carry fashion and he brings her to her room.



Meanwhile, Arare saw everything that happened given that her place has the best view in the seat.

Arare: I don't like where things are heading... But I can't stop him at all... Oh well, time to sleep.

Arare stood up and went towards the library to make her sleep.


==Product Endorsement==

Akitsushima and Mizuho were summoned by the Admiral and they were brought outside of the base. They are currently headed to a restaurant to which the admiral has accepted a sponsorship from the said restaurant to let some of his girls act as models for their food.

Akitsushima: Wow, it's been a while since we saw outside.

Mizuho: Indeed. Anyways, why did you bring us today? Weren't Akagi-san and Roma-san involved too?

Hiro: Indeed. But, for now... I am letting you two act as the model. Akigumo already did her part yesterday so only a few people left. I still don't have Akebono so she is not counted.

Mizuho: I see... Anyways, do I hear that we can eat a lot for free?

Hiro: Hey there...

Akitsushima: Really!?

Hiro: Technically, it's fine if you eat a lot. But do that after your photo shoot. Kinugasa has been making contacts to that store too so can you behave for a bit in the picture-taking process. And once you are done, you can wolf down the food. Anyways, Akagi and Roma were the last one to model since...

Akitsushima: ...they tend to eat a lot more than expected.

Hiro: I can't believe I have to believe in you for that.

Mizuho: Well, we don't eat much... so I guess it's fine. Anyways, Akitsushima said that she wants to have a date with you.

Akitsushima: Mizuho-san!!! I did not say that.

Hiro: I guess I can spare some time before going back home. Mizuho, you can come with us too.

Mizuho: Eeeehh!?

Akitsushima and Mizuho looked at one another and they started to communicate by looking at one another.

Akitsushima: (You speak too much, Mizuho-san!)

Mizuho: (Heheheh, but I wish I can decline.)

Mizuho realized that she can actually decline so she decided to blurt it out immediately.

Hiro: well then, if you two are quiet...

Mizuho: Actually, I can't join you two.

Hiro: Hey...

Akitsushima: Mizuho-san!?

Mizuho: I'll be fine. Asides Admiral, Please take care of Akitsushima-chan.

Hiro: Are you sure?

Mizuho: Don't worry... I'll be fine. ehehehe.

Akitsushima: Mizuho-san, please don't leave me alone...

Hiro: Oh well.



Store Manager: There you are Hiro-san! Are these two your models too?

Hiro: yup. Anyways, please take care of them.

Store Manager: Alright.

And the two enters the store front...

Hiro: Oh well, I guess I can let Kinugasa handle these things now.

And so, Mizuho and Akitsushima was soon put into action by endorsing their product.


==Akitsushima's smile==

After their photo shoot for a certain restaurant, Mizuho went ahead back to the base and she left the Admiral and Akitsushima on their devices.

Hiro: well then, shall we have a mini-date then.

Akitsushima: Alright.

Without a moment to waste, Akitsushima moved towards the Admiral's side and walks on the same pace as with the Admiral.

A few moments later, they arrived at the sea side.

It was already sunset when the two arrived at the seaside.

Hiro: oh nice, looks like it's still nice.

Akitsushima: indeed. Anyways, I always wonder...

Hiro: About what?

Akitsushima: Well... are there any qualities that can be used to me asides from the word 'useless'?

Hiro: Hmm...

Akitsushima feels tense after the admiral tries to think longer than the usual. Afterall, the Admiral is only trolling her.

Akitsushima: Admiral?

Hiro: Oh right. Akitsushima is weak.

Akitsushima fell to her knees.

Akitsushima: I forgot. Seaplane tenders like me are weak in combat.

The Admiral smiles and he offers his hand to Akitsushima who has fallen on her knees.

Hiro: Of course, I always like weak girls since they work earnestly to grow strong.

Akitsushima then takes the Admiral's hand and she stood up using his hand as a lever. Akitsushima's face can be compared to a tomato since the words the Admiral spoke meant a lot to her, afterall, it was targeted to her.

Hiro: Well then, since you got your share of food a while ago, I can't ask you to have a dinner with me. Well then, shall we walk a bit longer?

Akitsushima: Alright.

And the two continues walking until they decided to go back home.


==One day at the office... (6-5 update)==

Hiro: Sazanami, I heard that HQ posted new missions.

Sazanami: That is true. But master, there is one problem.

Hiro: what is wrong?

Sazanami: it seems we are required to do the Mikawa fleet in order for us to do those quests.

Hiro: WHAT DID YOU SAID!?

Sazanami: Calm down, the worse part are not yet there...

Hiro: What do you mean?

Sazanami: After Mikawa fleet quests, you need to clear the place where the Destroyer Princess lies.

Hiro: You've got to kidding me!!!

Sazanami: And if you want one more Land-based Aerial Support, we have to visit the Savo islands. Magically, I hate that place.

Hiro: Me too...

Sazanami: Anyways, shall we convince Aoba-san to work with us?

Hiro: No. I better get another Aoba who is not tainted.

Sazanami: You simply don't want sensei to be involved with these things...

Hiro: Correct.

Sazanami: Anyways Master, I heard you had a walk with Akitsushima-san, care to tell what happened there?

Suddenly, the Admiral saw Sazanami's transformation as he saw the fake smile of Sazanami turned into a murderous grin. The Admiral didn't wasted time and he told her everything. And soon, Sazanami's face lightens and she grabs the Admiral's face and Sazanami initiated her 'punishment' to the Admiral.


==Extra: Yuugumo x Akigumo==

Yuugumo and Akigumo were sent to a door less room, it was due to the fact that their discord affects others already that they complained already to the Admiral to let him solve the problem.

Akigumo: Hmmmph.

Yuugumo: Oh my, you are still angry? Well, it's fine if you think that way.

The two then went on the opposite sides of the room.



The Admiral who watches the scenario in the room grew bored already. He took a comm device and started calling an operator of the room to make things interesting.

Hiro: Hello, this is the raven; please initiate [shrinking box policy].

Soon, the Admiral was notified that the policy has been applied. He puts down the comm device and watch how things unfold.



Akigumo felt that their distance grew short. Yuugumo felt it that way too. And soon, their backs reached one another.

Yuugumo: Akigumo, what are you doing! This is not the time for vengeance.

Akigumo: I am not doing this. It must be the Admiral!

Yuugumo: How nice of him not to kill me...

Akigumo: Of course he won't. He even let you live back then right?

Yuugumo: wait, when did you learned...

But before Yuugumo can finish her sentence that she noticed that the room grows even smaller and it's crushing them.

Akigumo: But if we don't do something... We might become scrap metal!

Yuugumo: Indeed...



The Admiral saw what happened inside the box and he was surprised to the development that happened inside.

He calls the operator once again, but this time; he instructed the operator to set them free.

Hiro: I never knew that this is their ending... well, on a spur of the moment, it creates a false sense of security when you start to trust the person you hate to stay with you since they will always hate you. But, it also meant that the person can see you as a whole. Talk about a tragic coincidence. Now then... What will Aoba do to this big scoop.



Akigumo and Yuugumo did everything in their power to arrive at this solution. Afterall, Yuugumo is something comparable to a siscon and Akigumo is being considered as one of her sisters since she hangs out with them more with her real sisters. But anyways, Akigumo felt that Yuugumo is more of an elfer sister figure than her real sister Kagerou who is a wacky girl. But what did they found on one another is something deep, and it looked ugly. But the two didn't mind it at all since they both felt it in that spur of the moment when their bodies got too close. But before indecency kicks in, they fall into a trap door.

The two fell down and they landed on a thich cushion that awaits them. Akigumo fell first and Yuugumo fell above Akigumo and they landed a kiss on one another. Yuugumo immediately removes herself, but she was surprised to see a lot of people looking at them. Of course Aoba is there too.

Aoba: nice scoop! Indeed, Yuugumo-san is now officialy one of them!!!

Later that day, the love team of Yuugumo and Akigumo has their own official fans club.

- end.
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]