==Prologue:==

I wake up one morning to find that I am burning with fever; I thought that the room or something is burning next to me.

"Ugh..., when did I have the ability to increase my body temperature?"

I tried to sit properly but I realized that my whole body is in a mess.

"So I am sick?" I uttered to myself as I realized the current situation I am in.

I tried to get up but, I immediately fell down softly to the cushions I have placed on the floor.

"..."

And I know right after that the trouble is right inside of me.


==Sazanami's worry==

I woke up this morning and I immediately dress up to my clothes which somehow got Upgraded after HQ sent me new clothes... Honestly, I thought that Master just made me more of a maid now than his wife.

Anyways, I went to the office only to find that the chair is vacant.

"Master is not yet here, how strange?"

As far as my memory serves me, Master always arrives a few minutes ahead of me and he rarely arrives late for work. I guess there must be something happening right now.

So I closed the door and went back to his room. Luckily, I do have a spare key to his room since God knows when the other girls have to do some night raid when Master has not locked the door.

Anyways, after the doorknob accepted the key I have inserted... I slowly opened the door.

Right after the door has opened, a familiar person is currently lying on the floor which was somewhat covered in pillow cushions.

"Master?"

I check around to see if there was blood, so far... all I can feel is that Master is feeling hot right now.

"Master, wake up!"

I tried to wake him up and then...

"Yo. I really don't know but it seems that I am sick today. Can you carry me back to my bed? Also, can you give the advisory to whole naval base that the operations are suspended as of today."

I nodded to his instructions and I carried him towards to his bed. Soon after, I called out Akashi to check up on him and I immediately went to the broadcasting room to announce the suspension of activities.



<p style="text-align: center;">'''''<Good Morning Everyone! All Operations for today are suspended due to the Admiral falling ill. I repeat, All Operations for today are suspended due to the Admiral falling ill.>'''''</p>

<p style="text-align: center;"></p>

As soon as I finished my announcement, I went back to check on Master and Akashi was already given him some medication for his fever.

"Oh Sazanami-san, His condition is not that bad, with proper rest and plenty of water and if he take his medicine for every 4 hours, he will be alright tomorrow. But I advise you to let him rest tomorrow too."

"I see... Master is alright."

Akashi who has a worried look on her face begins speaking to me in succession.

"But it’s quite rare for Hiro-san to get sick. I guess idiots like him get sick too from time to time. Say, was he skipping meals and working too hard?"

"Yeah. Sometimes... Master does that when he is quite busy."

"Then please remind him to take some rest and never let him skip a meal. I am quite amazed that it’s only flu."

"I understand. By the way, were you a nurse before joining here?"

"Me? I am more of a student of nursing student than an actual nurse. Hiro-san met me when I was still studying... well, never mind that story... I just realized that we are quite friends for a long, long time."

"I see. Well, we can talk it out for a bit in your office since we have no work for today."

"Alright. Anyways, just don't judge him already."

"What do you mean?"

And so, the two went towards Akashi's office.


==Intermission: Akashi's past.==

Once upon a time, there was a guy who was trying to recruit me to help him in the future.

He is quite a stubborn guy back then.

"xxx-san, Can you lend me some helping hand when I call you?"

The Young Hiro Raven offers his hand as he was saving me from my own predicament.

"But, When will that be? With the abyssal on the rise, survival might be impossible?"

"Don't worry; you won't be harmed when that time comes."

His smile was something that can be considered as innocent and something I can't say no. So in the end, I accepted his condition... when that situation really arrives.

"By the way, how can you be sure?"

"Hmm... As I can remember, someone in my dream told me to look for you. She told me that I will need your cooperation when that great moment comes."

"An oracle?"

"I really don't know. But it seems that she is interested in your history... As a part of those occultist who were researching about spirits of the... Hmm..."

"I am a member of Occult Club back in High School, the Senpais and I stumbled upon an old story that makes spirits of sailors come back to life."

"Sailors?"

"Hmm... That is what I can recall... But our Kohai really inherited and somehow they managed to unlock it."

"I see... Well, Please help me then when that time comes."

I nodded when he has reminded me of my duty later.

"By the way, what does the young Raven wants from me?"

"Me? I wanted to protect this world."

After that, we haven't met at all and the Abyssal started their war against Humanity.



A few years later...

I was assigned to a Hospital tending to patients who were attacked by the abyssal. Then, one day... a young man came to me carrying set of papers and he was wearing a white set of clothes.

"So there you are! Xxx-san, I have arrived to ask you for your cooperation."

"Wait. You are still alive!?"

Obviously, I have heard that the young Raven was sent to the front lines and there were rumors that he was killed in action.

"Obviously. That is why you can see me. Anyways, your employer already approved of your transfer."

"Eh!? But where are we going?"

"Right. What do you say about my uniform?"

I looked at his uniform which was all white and was still unblemished. I saw the official rank at his shoulder.

"Vice Admiral. An Admiralty!?"

"Yup."

"But, do I have to ride ships too?"

"Oh right... have you read the news?"

"About what?"

"Do you know a special task force will open this month and this time, I am referring to a top-secret program I have initiated?"

"..."

"Anyways, let's not talk here... We better go then and meet them."

"Meet them? What do you mean?"

And the Vice Admiral dragged me towards that place.

Soon after, I learned that he is taking care of Ship-girls. Girls who have possessed spirits of the old ships.

<p style="text-align: center;">|---|</p>


"Akashi-san, so you mean that you were involved in Y High's Occult Club?"

"Yup. What is it Sazanami-san?"

"I used to go there too. And I am a member of that occult club."

"Strange... I don't... No way."

Sazanami who was looking at me smiled at me as if she already knows who I was.

"Impossible!"

"Akashi-san, please don't tell him my real name... I mean, I left that part of me behind once I have taken the role of Sazanami."

"What a small world..."

"Also, Master might remember the bad things he has done once he heard my old name... I can't let him be burdened by that."

"I understand... I see... so you were the one who opened the [Pandora's box]."

And from here, Sazanami's character reminds me of the time the Admiral was nothing but an empty shell.


==8:15 AM - Samidare's Visit==

I went to the Admiral's room to check on him.

When I enter his room, I see the Admiral sleeping on the bed.

I can hear his breathing as he sleeps peacefully.

Soon after, I left some fruits and 2 bottles of water at his desk. I guess, I came at the wrong time. I will visit him in the afternoon I guess.

And so, I left and went back to my office to wait for few things to happen.


==9:05 AM - Uzuki and Yayoi==

"Commander. Let's play" Uzuki shakes the sleeping Admiral as he is sleeping in his bed.

"Uzuki-nee, haven't you heard what Mutsuki onee-chan said to us a while ago?"

"Hmm... He is taking a rest? If so, he can play with is now!"

"No. you are summarizing things again. Mutsuki-neesan told us that the Admiral is currently sick. We shouldn't interrupt his rest."

"Ueh!? oh well, I know that he is just too tired... anyways Onii-chan, Uzuki and Yayoi are here to make you feel good... but if you are still asleep, then we will take our leave for now."

Before we can take our leave, the Admiral woke up.

"So Noisy here. Oh you two are here?"

"Yayoi said that she is worried about you."

"I was not... Uzuki too is worried."

"I know. Come closer... thank goodness you are not affected by any sickness."

the Admiral Pat our heads as he make sure that he is alright.

"Anyways... I feel a bit happy to see you two here."

"So if Sazanami-san visits you... would you be glad?"

"Yeah."

"I guess we better take our leave then."

And we walked out of his room.

After walking a few meters away from his room...

"Uzuki, why are you crying?"

"I thought... he have left us."

"Don't worry... There is no way he will leave us behind. I can guarantee it."

And Uzuki cried a lot as I try to console her.


==Intermission: Uzuki and Yayoi's past==

There was once upon a time when we are considered to be evil by other people. They always throw rocks at us whenever we pass by and we are always mistreated by others.

But one day, a man in white arrived to look for us. At first, we are still wary of him if he is planning on exploiting us or not.

"Are you perhaps what they call, the cursed twins?"

He looked at us one evening at the seashore as we sit on the shore.

"So what if we are the cursed twins? Are you here to hurt us too?"

Uzuki who was silently listening to our conversation never let go of my hand as I talk to the guy in white.

"Can you tell me an old tale? How did you ended up like this?"

The guy in white sits beside us asking for our history which was full of bad things.

"Oh well... if you are going to pity us after this... I guess this story will do."

And so, I held Uzuki's hand and told him a story how we ended up like this. It was a story worth 2 hours and a lot of people who used to throw rocks on us stopped and didn't bother to hit us whenever they see us. but they always told the man in white that he shouldn't be involved with him.

"I see... your parents died protecting you two."

"..."

Before I can say what I wanted to say, Uzuki spoke to him for the first time... In a loud and clear voice.

"Mister, Are we hated because we killed our parents?"

"Killed? Hahaha!"

I tried to slap him on his face but I was stopped by Uzuki who is looking at his eyes.

"As I told you. Your parents died because they were protecting you two. They won't do that if they don't love you... That asides, while the world views you two as evil, then I will treat you with respect for making it this far on your own."

"Thanks Mister."

Uzuki lets go of my hand and he run towards the man in white.

"Mister, can you tell me what you really want from us? I mean, you are not here to document our story, right?"

"Uzuki. That is..."

The man in white smiled and he pats Uzuki's head.

"What a clever girl. Anyways... I am here because I have been looking for you two for the longest time."

"What do you mean?"

"Do you remember why you managed to survive on the last abyssal invasion?"

"Oh. Somehow, we were granted weapons and we managed to fight them back."

"Uzuki, don't tell him our secret!"

"But Yayoi-neechan... Mister here is a Commander. He is the one we should serve."

"What do you mean Uzuki?"

"I remember what our mom told me that one day, a man will take us away and we will serve him until the day we die."

"But I thought that he was referring to as our husband?"

"Silly Nee-san, of course what mom meant is someone who knows our secret."

The man in white looks at me and he reaches out his hand to me.

"Yayoi, Uzuki... I want you to serve me as my ship-girls. I promised you two that you won't be hurt anymore by those people. I also have decided to adopt you two as my little sisters."

"Eh!?"

"Anyways, Let's go now. Sazanami is waiting for me already."

And so, our life has begun.


==9:45 AM - Vacant time==

I look at the thermometer only to see the reading is around 37.5 Degrees Celsius. Still, the heated feeling I am in right now is something I hated. Also, the weakness I feel makes it worse. Thank goodness that the Porridge which was left here tasted delicious. I guess Samidare did her best to make it for me.

Also, I can smell Uzuki and Yayoi's scent here which means that they are still around and they didn't move at all... I guess they might be remembering things. Well, Uzuki really surprised me back then. Yayoi... she is still as hard to talk with... but she really opens up whenever we are alone.

Anyways, It seems that Akashi has left me some medication to take. Knowing her background, I will be fine. I wonder if Ooyodo will visit me later. Maikaze is a bit emotional and she might drag me out of this bed as soon as she sees me like this. Kazagumo on the other hand, might visit me later too. About Mikazuki... I really don't know if she will visit me at all.

Anyways, I took the medicine and I drink plenty of water once more and rested on the bed. Somehow, I feel so bored not moving at all... but yeah, this is all I can do to get better. And before I knew it, an unfamiliar figure enters my room.


==10:01 AM - Choukai's visit==

"Are you sleeping Admiral?"

I enter as I said those words and I already saw the Admiral sitting at his bed.

"I do. Anyways, it’s quite rare to see you around."

"Well... I have my reasons too..."

I look at him and I saw his sweaty face as he is resting.

"Reasons? I guess I better not know it."

"EH!!!???"

Suddenly, I felt really rejected when the Admiral said that.

"Just kidding. I know you want to take care of me too."

All in an instant, my true intentions were laid bare to my face.

"..."

The Admiral took my hand and I can feel that his hand is quite hot and sweaty.

"Sorry if I am still having my fever. But I want you to know that I'll be fine. Asides, how are you in these past few days?"

The Admiral places his hand on my head and pats it as if my head is something can be considered a patting heaven.

"Well... I am quite leveling quite well. Also... I... Umm..."

"Come again?"

This is bad, I really can't say what I feel right now.

"Well... Admiral, would you be mad if I say this to you?"

"Well... I don't know until I heard it."

"You see... Your wedding with Sazanami-san made me realize that I really love you. Admiral, I want you to marry me too..."

As soon as I said those words, the Admiral fell silent.

He just pats my head gently as he thinks deeply.

And soon, he decided to answer me whole-heartedly.

"I don't know if Sazanami will forgive me if I ever include you. But, I do consider the possibility of giving you the ring. Can you wait for it?"

And soon he lets go of my head and he puts his hands on my cheek.

"Admiral?"

"You are beautiful. But now is not the time to decide those things. I wish you could forgive this incompetent Admiral of yours."

"I will..."

And soon, he lets go of my face and he started to rest on his bed.

"Are you going to sleep?"

"Yeah. I felt tired already."

"Take care. Oh right. Since ship-girls don't get sick..."

I stood up and then I went to kiss his forehead.

"Take care Admiral."

"Yeah."

Then the Admiral closes his eyes and fell to his slumber. I soon left his room and there, Sazanami is waiting for me outside. It looks like she is not happy with what she saw a while ago.


<p style="text-align: center;">|---|</p>

Rivalry?

"I see... So Master has also considered you too..."

"Sazanami, I was just..."

Sazanami grabbed my hand and she drags me towards the Admiral's office.

"Choukai-san, I am here to just tell you that I am fine with it."

"Eh!?"

"But, Master is mine no matter what."

I smiled when Sazanami declares her love for the Admiral

"I see... well then, I better do my best too."

I shook her hand and she accepted it without any kinds of resistance.

And so, my battle finally begins.


==12:15 PM - Suzukaze==

I entered the Admiral's room only to find him sleeping once more.

"Oh great."

I immediately left his lunch on his desk and left his room immediately. For me, there was no reason to wake him for now. Let his body decide what time he decides to wake up.


==12:40 PM - Naka==

I entered the Admiral's room and I accidentally see him changing his clothes. To my Surprise, I closed the door and waited him to call my name.

A few minutes after...

"Naka, you can come in."

"Is it safe?"

"Who do you take me for?"

I opened the door and I saw him wearing his pajamas and a fitted white t-shirt

"Admiral, did you eat your lunch already?"

"I did."

"Ah. I see..."

And soon, I decided it’s not worth it to stay any longer so I decided to walk out of the door but the Admiral called out to me.

"Naka, can I have some of your time?"

"Me?"

"Yeah."

In my mind, I wanted to say I have to leave soon, but... in the end, I can't say no to his request.

"Alright. Just a little bit."

And as soon as I agreed, the Admiral smiled a bit.



"Well then, I bet you have your reasons too."

"What do you mean? Idols like me can't visit other people whenever they want?"

Of course, it’s a rhetoric I made just in case I was being asked by the Admiral.

"True. But you know Naka, I am your manager too. So it's quite rare for a talent like you to visit me."

"Well... I have no work today." (Actually, all work was cancelled due to the Admiral being sick. Seriously, don't make me say something obvious.)

"Right."

Soon, there is silence between the two of us.

Soon the Admiral fell asleep. I glance at him and saw how peaceful his sleep is. Soon after, I decided to stay for a bit and go out when I feel like it. Oh well, I really just can't leave him alone.


==2:15 PM - Isonami==

I run immediately to where the Admiral is as soon as I heard the news that he is sick. Coming from his estate as his caretaker towards the naval base is however not really troublesome  but since someone might block the flow of information... I guess that really happens once in a while.

Anyways... I arrived to his room and I saw him taking up his medicine.

"Are you alright!?"

I slowly walk as soon as I saw him.

"Thanks for Worrying Isonami. But I am fine. what brought you here anyways?"

"Isn't that obvious. I am here to visit you."

"Yeah..."

"Well... I wonder if I can help you with anything Admiral."

"Oh right. I am hungry. Can you feed me?"

Somehow, I felt relieve when the Admiral can joke about his condition already.

"Yup. Please wait for a bit, will you?"

And soon, I started to peel the Apples which were left on his desk.

"Isonami, am I being a bad Admiral to you?"

While peeling the Apple and making a rabbit shaped apple to satisfy him, I replied back to him.

"Of course not. I am grateful that you have taken care of me. Asides, you are the only one who believes in me... I mean, I owe it all to you."

As soon as I replied to him, I gave him the apples.

"Nice."

"I am glad you like it."

The Admiral takes one and he put it immediately inside his mouth and he eats is softly.

"Admiral. Is it true you have given Sazanami-chan the ring?"

"Yes. Sorry for not telling you."

"Don't mind it at all. Asides, I know you two belonged to one another."

"Thanks."

The Admiral looked so gloomy as soon as he finished talking to me.

"Admiral?"

After that, I saw tears falling from his eyes.

"Is there something wrong?"

I sat beside him and I immediately probed him some question to know if he is feeling bad or anything.

"Well... in the end... I never have been a good Admiral you wanted me to be. Plus, I have sent you away to supervise things for me, but in the end... I think I like you too."

"I know... No need to tell me that. Asides, you will make Sazanami-chan quite look bad if you say those things. You are just quite under the weather today. Let me comfort you for a bit..."

I reached out the Admiral's head and I pat it just like what he does to my head whenever we met.

"Sorry for making things a bit heavy for the two of us."

"Don't worry... I know you don't mean it. Asides, I know how much you are madly in-love with Sazanami-chan. Please don't say those things that you regret everything... Just so you know... Of all people who would be worried about you, she would be the most worried of them all."

Even though I really don't want to say things about Sazanami-chan to the Admiral, I really can't help it but make him smile since it's my way of atoning to all the things I have done to him in the past.

"Thanks Isonami."

"You are welcome."

And so, I put the Admiral down to his bed and I let him sleep all his troubles away. I didn't left him behind until I am comfortable enough to leave him.


==Intermission: Someone's story==

I remember the time when I was alone... Before I become a ship-girl. Before I get to know... Never mind, Before I got to know him... I always thought that I am not spectacular at all.

Anyways, it all changes when I obtained <Pandora's box>.

My senpais told me one time that they were looking for the legendary ship-girls and they told me that the Ravens were the key to seeing them. But, the young Raven has already graduated already and so, he is out of sight already.

"Senpai, what would happen if I managed to unlock the secrets of ship-girls?"

My senpai which I already forgotten her name answered me with a smile on her face.

"Then, you will be able to know the reason of our existence."

At first, I always wonder if that is true... but, when I opened that box one day, everything changes.



Nothing happened at first, but on the day of my graduation; I undergone a transformation. And on that day, that day... the abyssal arrived.

The Raven arrived one day and he was looking for me.

"Raven-senpai?"

I reached out to him, but he looked away and he went to a different way and made friends with the other girl who he has talked without reservation. I accidentally soon my reflection on the mirror and I saw the horror... My transformation is not complete.

I hide myself and soon... soon, my heart wanted to get hold of him when that time comes...

And soon, I surrendered myself to the authorities giving a claim that I can defeat Abyssal and they already given me tests to make sure that I can. Soon, they all convinced that I can do it so they decided to send me as an assassin to fight the abyssal... or just what I have thought.

One dark night, I was sent to a mission to deal with a humanoid abyssal... but as soon as I learned the truth, I almost died... never mind... I did die once.

And that death triggered my full transformation which changed my hair color completely. My attitude has been assimilated and my power increases too. But at the time that I was reborn, he already left.

And a few years after, After all the bad things that happened to me and some random encounters with him, I finally met him and communicated with him for the first time.

And soon... you should know by now.

<p style="text-align: center;">|---|</p>


Sazanami was sitting outside of the Admiral's room as she witness Isonami taking care of the Admiral.

"I wonder if Isonami is her true..."

But before I can say it, Samidare who was just heard me speak tried to comfort me.

"Of course it's not!!! Even though the Admiral is one heck of a guy, what matters most is that he really loves you with all of his heart. Please don't doubt his love for you."

"Samidare."

"Asides, I won't accept it if you feel that way right now... Isonami-chan is like that because of her vow with him. The Admiral is attached to us in an emotional way and he really takes care of those connections."

"I see..."

"Say Sazanami-chan, I always wanted to be on his side... but, he decided to be with you and that decision is what I respected, Please Sazanami-chan; Cheer up. You are not that girl who you were used to be."

"What do you mean?"

"The moment when the Admiral reunited with me... I saw a glimpse of his past... And that past includes..."

"Me..."

Samidare smiled as she sits beside me. She puts her hand in my head and she pats it gently.

"There, there... I know all the pain you feel is a part of him not seeing you through, but... you have him now. Please take care of him until he gets tired of you."

"About him getting tired of me. There is no way Master will get tired of loving me."

"I know... that is why I am frustrated."

We both smile at one another and waited for Isonami to step out of the room.


==4:00 PM - Samidare and Sazanami==

I woke up from my slumber and I saw Samidare and Sazanami enter the room.

"Are you two free today?"

"Yup Master."

Sazanami who was rather quite docile until now sat beside me and Samidare who is rather calm peels another apple at the desk.

"Admiral, Do you wanted me to peel the apples?"

"Please do. Anyways, why are you two here today?"

Sazanami just held my hand while Samidare hums as she peels the apple with precision.

"Anyways, I have a weird dream a while ago."

"Are you sure it’s not a lewd story?"

Samidare who is still in the process of peeling asked me a question knowing my character.

"Not that kind of dreams. Aside, it’s rather a melancholic one."

Sazanami who was quiet all along just held my hand so tightly.

"I guess I will tell you both then."


<p style="text-align: center;">|---|</p>


There is a figure of a girl who calls out my name, yet... I didn't go to her way. Instead, I was preoccupied looking for my target.

Her transformation is rather incomplete and thus I really can't determine if she can help me or not. But as soon as I go back to find her... she has vanished without a trace.

A few years later... I met her once again. In one operation in which I was confronted by a being beyond my imagination. While I managed to defeat that person, she disappeared once more and never to find her again."

I wonder who is she and what is her name.

<p style="text-align: center;">|---|</p>


"I see... Admiral, I guess that person left an impression to you already."

"Yeah. Anyways Sazanami, why are you grabbing my arm so tightly?"

Sazanami who was grabbing my arm didn't speak at all.

"This is troublesome."

"Admiral, let's leave Sazanami-chan's reply for now. she is just too worried for you."

"I guess that's it."

I took the peeled apple and I give the other half to Sazanami who was sticking to me like glue.

"But you know Admiral, Do you want to know what happens to that person?"

"Hmm... If she has been undergoing transformation back then... I guess, I can say that she is still alive. Though, I don't want to pursue such matters anymore."

"Why is that?" Sazanami uttered her worries.

"Well... wherever she is, Her life must be on a great comfort already. All I can wish is for her to be happy and I pray that she won't grow to hate me."

"I won't hate you at all... Master."

"I know."

I continued eating the apple after Sazanami started eating hers. Looking at her face, I reminded of the person I have left behind twice... and this time, I won't let her go.

"Master, Can I stay at your side?"

"Yes You can."

Samidare came out to me asking the same question too.

In the end, they both stayed at my side until I fall asleep.


==XX:XX - Dark room [alt side]==

I woke up and I saw myself inside a dark room.

There was no one at my side and All I can see is perpetual darkness.

"I have come to kill you." A voice originated at my side.

"I see... I too, shall let you do what is your heart's desire."

And that shadowy figure started stabbing me with the rusty knife she is holding.

The Shadow figure removed her mask and revealed a face I have seen before...

"Ah! So it's revenge..."

"No. It's the crystallization of my wicked love."

Tears fall down on her face as she keeps stabbing me.

Soon, I reached out and touched her face and whisper words to her.

"No... The real you won't say that... after all, I finally learned who you are. Right <xxx>? Oh right, I think your name already is..."

And soon, she drops her knife and she holds me tight and soon, the darkness disintegrates.


==7:00 PM - Recovery time==

I woke up this evening and look at the thermometer that I tucked underneath my armpit. The temperature already returned to normal so I decided to change my clothes and take a bit of a walk.

As soon as I exit the room, Mikazuki is waiting for me.

"Commander? Are you feeling alright?"

"Yeah."

"Please don't push yourself."

"I will..."

Mikazuki hold my hand and we went to a trip, well that trip is a trip towards the dance studio.



We arrived at the dance studio only to see Maikaze and Kazagumo sighing.

"I heard that there were sighing girls already."

"Admiral!!!"

The two stood up and they immediately run towards me and they both embrace me.

"Wait. I didn't take a bath today!"

"It's fine... My Dance Partner doesn't need to be a clean freak."

"I just like this Admiral who looked so defenseless."

Kazagumo and Maikaze didn't let go of me and they sniff me all over.

Mikazuki managed to remove the two from their tight hugs.

"Anyways, please take care of yourself. We shall dance once you have recovered."

"Admiral... Take care, will you?"

"I will. Mikazuki, let's go back then."

"Alright."

And so, we left on our own devices.



While walking back towards my room, Mikazuki also tried to smell me.

"you stink."

"I told you. Anyways, why did you do that?"

"I got curious on why they do that."

"I see... Don't worry, I'll take a bath once I have recovered."

"Alright."

"Well then, thanks for taking care of me."

"It's a pleasure."

And so, we walked towards my room to where there are two women standing at the front door.


==7:47 PM - Kumano and Kinugasa==

"I see... so have you recovered already?"

Kumano who was checking my temperature asks me while wearing a nurse's uniform.

"Kinugasa, what is her deal today? And why are you wearing a Nurse Uniform too?"

"Well... I thought this is your new fetish, so we tried it out to seduce you. I guess its working."

"In what way?"

Kumano sat at my side while she is feeding me the dinner the two have cooked for me.

"Well, Since you have quite a fascination to girls, I decided to make full use of a girl's charm."

"Well... I can't really deny that..."

"Admiral, please say Ah."

Kumano complains as she tried to feed me food while I was having a conversation with Kinugasa.

"But you know, it’s been such a long time since you got sick. It’s like you never get sick at all."

"Yeah. I wonder if it’s because I am still human in one way."

"Hiro, you are Human no matter what."

"I guess I can't argue back to my childhood friend."

"Hiro-sama, please don't left me out of the loop!"

"Right."

Soon after, Kumano feed me with dinner and Kinugasa prepared the medicine I have to take. After eating, Kinugasa gave me the medicine and I drink it already.

"So Hiro, Our work is done. Please take care of yourself."

"Hiro-sama, I want to sleep with you tonight."

"Thanks Kinugasa. Kumano, I think someone will kill you if you do that."

"Eeehh!? Anyways, take care of yourself too. We are here to listen to your troubles."

And the two left the room already.

"I see... so they were all worried about me."

When I look around me, there are tons of fruit baskets the other girls have given to me. It seems that they all come here at the time that I was asleep or during the time I was away. Well, I guess I really am a lucky person.

And so, I close my eyes and took a rest one more time.


==10:00 PM - Ooyodo==

Ooyodo arrived at the Admiral's room and she found that he is still sleeping.

"Oh my. I must have been too busy not to notice the time. Oh well, I wish he is well tomorrow."

Ooyodo left the papers on the desk and she takes her leave.


==11:11 PM - Sazanami==

I woke up once more and I saw a familiar face at my side.

she is currently sleeping while holding my hand.

"I see... You were always yearning for me..."

As soon as he gently brushed her hair, Sazanami mumbles something in her sleep.

"Thank you. Thank you..."

"Yeah, me too..."

I kissed Sazanami's forehead and I go back to sleep once more. This time, I won't let go of that hand.


==Next day, 03:24 AM - ???==

I woke up the next morning and I am feeling better than the usual. My fever has gone down and I have gained a bit of energy. For some reason, Sazanami is sleeping on my side and Samidare is also sleeping on my other side.

"I guess I can start working later... or something."

And soon, I resume my slumber.


==Next Day, 9:15 AM - Continuation...==

We woke up and I see already see the fruits of my recovery.

Samidare and Sazanami who were sleeping a while ago were not in sight. I guess they have returned back to their posts.

<p style="text-align: center;"></p>

<p style="text-align: center;">'''''<Announcement: Today is a no-work day. This time, it's for the Admiral to get some rest and in order for the Admiral to avoid getting a relapse.>'''''</p>

<p style="text-align: center;"></p>

Sazanami sure loves to make unexpected announcements... I guess my visitors would increase a lot later since I am not sick anymore.

And after that announcement, a lot of footsteps come towards to my room.




==Epilogue: days like these...==
'''[Chat room]'''

Camera Girl: I wonder what happened to the Admiral today.

Black Dog: I heard he is having a hard time talking with his visitors now. He just got better last night.

Camera Girl: Really? Oh well... I guess that is a nice development and all. After all, his human-side is always susceptible to such inconvenience.

Black Dog: You made it sound like you are not Human anymore.

Camera Girl: Of course I am not Human anymore! I became a ship-girl after I died once.

Black Dog: ....


<p style="text-align: center;">'''- crescent blade enters the chat -'''</p>



crescent blade: sigh*

inadequate shaman: is it about the Admiral?

crescent blade: Yes. But this time, it is due to me being unable to see one another when the sun is out.

inadequate shaman: what a bothersome condition you enforce to yourself.

crescent blade: well... it can't be helped. It's the kind of vow we made that made me feel like this.

Blue Princess: But, you can always visit him regardless of the time of the day. We are always welcome to let you sit at the Admiral's lap.

Raven's wife: But, don't expect anything from Master. He is mine. But you can let him do something to you once every 6 months if you want to.

crescent blade: Why 6 months?

Blue Princess: I have no idea.

inadequate shaman: WTF am I even reading!!!

<p style="text-align: center;">'''- Merchant enters the chat -'''</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">'''- Elegant Lady enters the chat -'''</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">'''- K!m! enters the chat -'''</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">'''- Kohai enters the chat -'''</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">
</p>

Suzukaze: a lot of people coming into chat. Are you all here to brag something?



<p style="text-align: center;">'''- 26 enters the chat -'''</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">'''- Great! 1000 enters the chat -'''</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">'''- Ro-chan enters the chat -'''</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">'''- Isana enters the chat -'''</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">'''- Namahage-lancer enters the chat -'''</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">
</p>

Merchant: Who is Namahage-lancer?

Isana: Who is Namahage-lancer?

Elegant Lady: Who is Namahage-lancer?

K!m!: Who is Namahage-lancer?

crescent blade: Who is Namahage-lancer?

Suzukaze: @Namahage-lancer, who are you and how did you learn about this channel?

Namahage-lancer: sorry for bothering you people. I am no stranger here... just a wandering spear woman.

26: right, I did meet her one day after I went back from my day off.

stirfry@58: but yesterday, we have no work since the Admiral is sick.

26: Right.

acht: anyways, what do you know about our newest guest user?

26: Oh right, I met her standing in front of the gates and somewhat looking for the Admiral.

Suzukaze: And you gave her our channel in case the Admiral goes live on-chat?

26: Isn't that bad?

ALL: Of course it is!!! We have no Idea who is she at all!!!

26: Oh my...

<p style="text-align: center;">'''- Hiro Raven enters the chat -'''</p>

Hiro Raven: Seems rowdy today... Anyways... ack!!!

Namahage-lancer: !!!

Hiro Raven: Anyways, you all should just accept our new friend in this channel. I can vouch for her kindness.

Raven's wife: This is the first time I heard it Master... care to share it to me later tonight...

Namahage-lancer: Sazanami-dono, I am glad to hear of your engagement.

Raven's wife: Oh my. SO IT'S YOU!!!

Namahage-lancer: I do. I am here communicating to you using a magical device named cellular phone. It's quite handy. But I can't seem to use it back there.

Hiro Raven: That is because telecommunications are not advance at your place. You would need at least 3 to 4 centuries to reach that advancement.

Merchant: Wait Hiro, where is that place you are referring to?

Hiro Raven: Ancient world? :-)

Merchant: That is vague Hiro. I can arrange...

Hiro Raven: Right. they don't use money in that place. You can only use gold for commerce.

Merchant: ...

Raven's wife: Anyways, @Namahage-lancer, where are you right now?

Namahage-lancer: I believe I am in some sort of detachment where a lot of girls were fitting their guns and somehow...

Hiro Raven: That is the factory!!!

<p style="text-align: center;">'''- Hiro Raven left the chat -'''</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">
</p>

crescent moon: I can feel that @Namahage-lancer is a strong person, shall I spar with you?

Namahage-lancer: Please be easy on me. Oh My!!!

<p style="text-align: center;">
</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">'''- Namahage-lancer left the chat -'''</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">
</p>

Blue Princess: She is out. Sazanami-chan, who is she anyways?

Raven's wife: Well, she is one of the girls that fell for Master when we went on a Historical trip.

Blue Princess: Historical trip?

Raven's wife: It's better if you don't learn that... She is quite an energetic girl.


<p style="text-align: center;">'''- Raven's wife left the chat -'''</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">'''- inadequate shaman left the chat -'''</p>



Isana: Oh right... I remember seeing a bespectacled girl wearing body armor somewhere in this base... I guess that is what I call a trespasser.

ALL: Why didn't you mentioned this as of early!!!

Isana: But you all consider me as an outsider even though I am registered in the Admiral's roster?


<p style="text-align: center;">'''- Heat@Haze enters the chat -'''</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">'''- flatdragon enters the chat -'''</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">'''- Battleship Tosa enters the chat -'''</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">'''- Gold_Crane@88 enters the chat -'''</p>


Suzukaze: Even the people who don't use chat just come in as of this early... Something must be happening right now.

Blue Princess: Suzukaze, it's alright. They all just learned that using the chat function makes us communicate to those who rarely meet one another.

Suzukaze: That is true...

timid_wolf: ...

drunk_wolf: Anyways, who wants to drink later tonight!!!

Wild_wolf: I will!!!

Liquor girl: Me too!!!

Elevator shaft: Oh no, you don't!!!

Stripping cruiser: I am in. Please don't tell Zara-neesama about...

Zara: POLA!!!!

Suzukaze: ...

Blue Princess: But you know... sometimes, it becomes an advisory board to those who wanted to drink for tonight.

<p style="text-align: center;">'''- Shiranui enters the chat -'''</p>

Heat@Haze: Shiranui?

Shiranui: oh! Onee-chan, I might visit you and the base the next week.

Heat@Haze: some work?

Shiranui: I was given a non-ship work by the Admiral... oh my, I shouldn't be saying this in the public channel.

Heat@Haze: PM me then.

Shiranui: Alright.

<p style="text-align: center;">'''- Hiro Raven enters the chat -'''</p>


Hiro Raven: Anyways, I have a big announcement!!!

ALL: WHAT IS IT!!!

Hiro Raven: LET'S CELEBRATE OURSELVES LATER TONIGHT!!! THE FOOD IS ON ME!!! THE ALCOHOL IS HOWEVER, ON YOUR OWN WALLETS!!!

Stripping Cruiser: SCREW YOU!!!

Hiro Raven: Pola, were you drinking already!?

Zara: Sorry Admiral, Pola is just out of cash...

Hiro: Damn...

Hiro Raven: Anyways, I have to go, see you later then.


<p style="text-align: center;">'''- Hiro Raven left the chat -'''</p>

Suzukaze: Strange...

Blue Princess: Anyways, It's time for our afternoon snack then, shall we go to the mess hall, Suzukaze?

Suzukaze: Alright.

<p style="text-align: center;">'''- Blue Princess left the chat -'''</p>

<p style="text-align: center;">'''- You have left the chat -'''</p>


'''- end'''
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]