=='''Prologue: Hiro’s wish'''==

Summer hasn’t ended yet. And even so… I don’t plan on ending this one without doing something important to the girl who worked hard to reach the limits of her abilities. But even so, she still wants to grow stronger day by day; but due to implied limiters. She can’t go beyond what her body can handle. And so, on this day… I should release those restraints and let her do whatever she wants for as long as she performs well on top of those things.

But even so, even though it’s not yet autumn, I feel that my eyes can’t help but to look at her intently. As if she was hypnotizing me at my waking moments. I wonder if this what I feel is love… or something love-like.

“Hiro-sama, I will be waiting then.” The girl spoke as she lets go of my hand.

Normally, I would have dismissed such comments from her. But today, while we are doing some sight-seeing under the famous Paris lights. I can’t help but felt conflicted if I should ask her that or not.

“Wait.” I asked as I tried to stop her from leaving.

The girl looked back and she looked happy when I called her back. Sometimes, there are things that I just can’t wait it out until the next time.

And with her facing me once again, I slowly walk towards her direction and held her hand as if I don’t want to let her go at that moment.

And then, at that point… I, rather; We decided to not let one another go.<br />



=='''Back at Base: Sagiri’s question'''==

I am Sagiri and I got rescued by a mobile patrol fleet that came across my way. I remember the times back when I was… never mind. I never had good memories when I was a ship in service. I just let those who had expectations of me feel down.

“Sagiri-chan?”<br />“What is it, Isonami-neesan?”<br />“Sorry to make you see the base like this, the usual folks are at Europe.”<br />“Europe? What for? Is it a vacation trip?”<br />“It’s for work. HQ has notified us that the folks over Europe needed our help.”

I totally understood that Europe needed our help, But I wonder why didn’t the Admiral haven’t greeted us then. Was the battlefront there harsh? Was it because of communication jamming?

“You must be worried, aren’t you?”

Isonami’s words are on point and it feels that she must be trusted around the base. At the same time, she had a face of someone who is waiting for someone to return home.

“Isonami-neesan, Are you and the Admiral on a… relationship? Like Husband and wife?”

Isonami stopped on her toes and a few seconds after, she giggled and she pats my head as if she is taking my word as a joke.

“Do you see me something like that? It must have been fate then. But Sagiri-chan, sorry to tell you but we are just quite close friends. If I stepped outside of it, I will hear an earful from Sazanami-chan myself.”<br />“Sazanami?”<br />“Oh right, you haven’t heard it but the Admiral is currently married to 2 ships at to this point.”<br />“Bigamy?”<br />“I wonder… Well, it’s fine if he can give me the ring too .”<br />As I try to ask Isonami-neesan about things pertaining to marriage, I can sense the Harem vibes in the air. It made me feel uncomfortable.

“Isonami-neesan, why do you want to get married (temp) to the Admiral if he is already unfaithful?”<br />“Why? I guess you will know once you meet him. How I wish Hiro-san is already here.”<br />“Hero*?”<br />“Don’t sweat the small stuff. We’ll get there eventually.”<br />“If you say so…”

And thus, Isonami-neesan and I started to stare at the window as the days pass by.<br />



=='''Totally not vacation'''==

Italia and Roma are currently buying some souvenirs since they are around the area. With them are some girls who haven’t been permitted to go out too.

“It seems that we have quite a crowd Nee-san.”<br />“It’s fine. They are a fine bunch. Pola, you can drink later. I have asked the Admiral for your permission.”<br />“Is that so? Thanks Italia-san. Zara-neesama, you can’t stop me now.”<br />“I’ll join you later too…”

After Zara said those words, Pola stopped on her feet.<br />Italia, who saw Pola froze walked back to where Pola is.<br />“Is there a matter?”<br />“Zara-neesama drinking is bad news. Please don’t let her drink tonight.”<br />“I don’t get it. But is it just fine. She just need to unwind too.”<br />“That’s not it!!!”

Pola remembers the time when she and Zara had a drink and it ended pretty bad for her.

“Zara-neesama, have a drink with me.”<br />“Pola, I am not in the mood…”<br />“This is good for those who want to forget something sad.”<br />“Alright. Maybe a bottle then.”

Zara took a cup and she starting taking a sip of it.<br />A few minutes later, Pola realized the mistake she made and she is now paying for it.

“Hic~, Pola; What’s wrong with me? I have my 2nd Remodel, I have better stats and I think my figure is quite good enough, but why does the Admiral doesn’t notice it? Pola, what is wrong with me?”<br />Pola who was somewhat in a precarious position can’t answer her sister’s complains for she knows the danger of telling her the half-truth to her sister.

“Italia-san, we must put Zara-neesama to sleep before we drink.”<br />“If that’s the case, I guess you can just hook her up with the Admiral. Though I think Roma will be mad if she gets to hear this.”<br />“Please. I don’t want to see my Sister ruin her own future.”<br />“sigh.”

Italia who was a bit troubled over Pola’s worries looked in front and she saw Roma and Zara waiting for them to come around.

“Pola, you have a few hours to left to do that.”<br />“Alright.”<br />And so, the two have reached an agreement and Pola looked determined not to mess up this time.



Later that afternoon, Pola immediately opens her troubles to the Admiral but…<br />“Sorry Pola, I can’t accompany Zara at all.”<br />“Why?”<br />The Admiral pointed on to the girl who was sleeping on his lap. It was Kinugasa and she did play a major role in the last operation.

“I have an appointment with her. She did her best and I want to reward her.”<br />“But Zara-neesama was with her too… can’t you compromise?”<br />“Sorry, one thing Kinugasa told me whenever we have dates is that… I can’t bring a tag-along.”<br />“NO!”<br />Pola who was out of options started kneeling and made dogeza to the Admiral.<br />But even with that display, her plea was left rejected and Pola has no way of avoiding the unavoidable.<br />Later that night, the 5 Italians capital ships (Aquila joined the fleet a few days ago,), Commandant Teste, Richelieu, Prinz Eugen, Graf Zeppelin, Iowa, Saratoga, Warsprite and Ark Royale have a get-together in the open space behind the makeshift naval base. It had tables and the food was provided by the Italians who did the cooking.

“I am excited. I wish I could have brought Kongou here.”<br />“C’mon now Iowa, Kongou is busy doing some back-office work here.”<br />“Indeed. Anyways, this pasta sure is great. Hmm?”

From the corner of their eyes, A certain blonde Italian is already chugging down a bottle of wine and Her sister who had a silvery hair is hugging her in order for her not to terrorize everyone. But they knew that it was futile since the one who was chugging the bottle of wine was a girl who has issues regarding to the Admiral.

“Zara-neesama, stop this.”<br />But despite Pola’s plea, Zara’s mind has been switched into something that is not the responsible Zara Pola knows.<br />“Pola, tell me why the Admiral still didn’t ask me for a date. Why did Kinugasa got asked out. Tell me why?”<br />“Hiiiii!”<br />And before they know it, they are now witnessing rather an ugly scene right out of a TV show.


After Zara have gone sober, Pola took a glass of wine and started drinking it. It was 1 in the midnight and most of the people have fallen to their slumber. All of them except for one.<br />“Pola-san, can I join you?”<br />“Of course, I wanted to have talks about the MVP back at the Suez Canal campaign.”<br />Pola give Prinz a bottle and a cup to share.<br />“I wonder if my sisters will appear?”<br />“I wonder. I have a sister and I have troubles with her too. Honestly, The Admiral must have known about this that’s why he decided to trouble me a bit.”<br />“Is that so? But I haven’t much communicated with him.”<br />“Is that so? Now that you mentioned it, Zara-neesama is always the one who got to sortie out of the open.”<br />“Zara-san is strong. I can tell from her demeanor that she wanted to reach an unreachable goal.”<br />“The Admiral… he is already an impossible goal to the most of us.”<br />“True enough. But I have hopes for Zara-san.”<br />“Why?”<br />“Because…”<br />Footsteps were heard as the Admiral arrives with Kinugasa on his side.

“Because this idiot Hiro asked me to add Zara into the exception list. Honestly, can you not tell me that after our date?”<br />“Sorry. I’ll try not to do that again.”<br />“Oh well. I am fine with it. The permission of the Pink lady is already granted.”<br />“Well, we can’t tell Zara that anyways.”<br />“True.”<br />Pola stood up as she looks bewildered from the comments the two has said.

“Why?”<br />“Because she is beautiful. When she is this clueless, I want to tease her a bit more. Of course, preparations have been made.”<br />After hearing the Admiral’s words, Pola loses her strength and sits back on her chair as she looks surprised over the Admiral’s answer.<br />Kinugasa who was a bit tightly lipped about the matters spoke as she held the Admiral’s hand.

“The reason for us not letting her know about it is because it’s a test for her. Of course, Kino and I have determined her worthy enough. But some girls might see this in a different way, so we made this test just to make sure everyone will agree with me. Of course, I made it fair as possible. Prinz, can I trust you with your silence?”<br />“Yes Ma’am.”<br />“Thanks, Now then. Pola, if you have objections over this, let’s talk it out right now.”


Pola who have been clueless about these things was too surprised that she can’t say anything at all.<br />Then, she uttered one word as she started to realize things.

“That’s unfair… Zara-neesama has been already been loved…”<br />But despite Pola’s words, a smile broke out from her lips as tears fell from her eyes.<br />The Admiral wipes Pola’s tears with his handkerchief, Pola looked surprised to see the Admiral made such a gesture. Kinugasa smiled as she lets the Admiral do the act of wiping away Pola’s tears.

“Tears don’t suit a beautiful lady like you.”<br />“Admiral… Is such an idiot.”<br />“I know, I heard that a lot of times already.”<br />“Then it must be true…”

Pola stopped crying and she looks at Kinugasa who was winking at her. Pola didn’t understand what Kinugasa meant with those actions at all.<br />The Admiral who sensed something amiss started to hold Pola’s hand and slowly, the Admiral bends his knee and kisses Pola’s hand.<br />Pola’s face reddens as she realizes what Kinugasa meant as she saw the Admiral’s actions directly.

After that, the Admiral stood up and he went back to the naval base with Kinugasa on his side. Prinz understood something from the exchange and she decided to keep quiet about it. Afterall, she knows what those meant even if they have no meaning at all.

“Pola-san sure is treasured too.”<br />Prinz drinks the last glass of wine and decided to sleep for the night.






=='''Hidden Theater: Ark Royal'''==

Ark Royal arrived at the makeshift naval base after the Combined fleet defeated the enemy abyssal fleet.  Currently, she is seen together with Warspite as they walk around the makeshift naval base.

“Since this is just a makeshift naval base, the tour will happen on a later date.”<br />“Why?”<br />“What do you mean why? Aren’t you glad that you are alive?”<br />“The last thing I remember is that I am sinking into the bottom of the sea. And now, I am here alive and talking to you.”<br />“Isn’t that a beautiful reunion? Asides, we are here because we are needed and we have a mission to fulfill. Do you remember the abyssal?”

Ark remembered the remnants of the enemy fleet that she emerged from. She knew right away that those were her enemies.

“Warspite, can I ask you a question?”<br />“What is it?”<br />“Is the admiral… a great person?”<br />Warspite paused a bit and thought of an answer that would probably satisfy her will.

“The Admiral. He is a good guy, though unreliable and dense most of the times.”<br />“Dense?”<br />“Have you seen the people around him?”<br />“Hmm… The pink haired Destroyer, the blue haired-one, the Heavy Cruiser who was quite a beauty, the glasses Heavy Cruiser, hmm… There are too many to mention.”

Warspite smiled as she looked at Ark’s face.<br />“Was there something wrong?”<br />“Nothing, it seems that you are quite… knowledgeable about these too.”<br />“But Warspite, I don’t see the reason why he is a dense person.”<br />“Has he noticed you? No, since you are new. But have you ever thought of a fact that some of us were being ignored due to a new Destroyer.”<br />“Eh?”<br />“I heard that we will be returning back to base since the Admiral wanted to meet Sagiri already.”<br />“A destroyer?”<br />“Indeed. But worry not, even if he prefers Destroyers, it doesn’t mean that he doesn’t look at us too.”

Warspite pointed to the direction to where the Admiral is as he approaches the two.

“Good Work Admiral.”<br />“Thanks Warspite, did you already briefed Ark Royal?”<br />“Mostly. But I want you to tell her something more personal. As your Queen’s order…”<br />“…I am bound to obey”<br />Ark froze to her place as the Admiral replied as what Warspite said.<br />“So Warspite, what should I even tell her?”<br />“Hmm. Tell her something interesting, rather; do you like Ark Royal as a person?”<br />“That would be hard. Asides, I just met her today.”<br />“If you say so. Admiral, I’ll take my leave then.”<br />“Wait!”

Warspite makes her exit as Ark Royal was left to the hands of the Admiral who just happened to passed by.

“Umm… Admiral, please forgive what Warspite said a while ago.”<br />“I don’t mind. She often teases me anyways. By the way, have you settled already?”<br />“Kinda. But I feel a bit awkward because I have a body I can call it my own.”<br />“I see. Anyways, have you heard of Warspite story?”<br />“Nope.”<br />“I see. Anyways, let’s sit for a bit and have some coffee… It will be quite a long one. I hope you can stay with me until then.”<br />“I’ll try then.”

After an hour, The Admiral finished telling Ark about Warspite.

“So, are you still with me?”<br />“Kinda.”<br />“Good. Well then, I guess I better take my leave then.”<br />“Admiral…”<br />Ark held the Admiral’s sleeve as she tried to reach out to him.

“What is it?”<br />“Am I… necessary?”<br />The Admiral smiled as he heard the same words Warspite said to him a few months before.

“Necessary is not the right word. But you are correct. I needed you. Each one of you have a role to play in this war. Even though I hated it… I have no choice but to fight, but I can’t do it without you guys.”<br />“I see… now I know why…”<br />Ark smiled as she lets go of the Admiral’s sleeve and the Admiral looks at Ark who is currently had a different expression from her usual ones.

“Well then, I’ll take my leave. Sazanami will chew me out if I stayed a bit longer.”<br />“Admiral, you forgot something.”<br />“What is it?”<br />“You haven’t answered Warspite’s question.”<br />“Is that so? I have done it already?”<br />“What?”<br />“I mean, I won’t stay if I didn’t like a person. I mean, I like you all. There is no reason for me to reject a girl’s invitation unless someone has already invited me.”<br />Ark smiled as she stumbles upon the truth about the Admiral. Such a truth that Ark finally understood the pained expression in Warspite’s face as she mentions about relationships.

“Ark, no more questions?”<br />“No more. Have a good day.”

The Admiral bid farewell to Ark as she went towards the direction of the outside door.


Ark walks on a different way as she finally learns the difficulty of making relations with the Admiral.<br />“I wonder what the others saw in him… but this is going to be a bit difficult to assess on how dense the Admiral can be.”<br />After Ark said those words, her figure disappears into the light of the hallway.




==<br />'''Richelieu and Haruna'''==

Haruna and Richelieu are currently inside a bar in the city drinking wine. While Richelieu seems to be alright after drinking some, Haruna who is not a heavy drinker starts to feel the effects of the alcohol which started to be absorbed by her body.

“Haruna-san? You have drink a lot already.”<br />“Richelieu-san, what should I do?”<br />Haruna who had a red face since the liquor is working as intended starts to ask Richelieu about her current worries. Though she can say those things to her sisters. In the end, she decided to ask someone who seemed a bit mature about those issues.

“The Admiral has rejected me once. But during that sortie, when he called my name, my heart skipped a bit and after that sortie, he praised me for doing my best. I can’t understand, why is the Admiral being so kind to me?”<br />“I see. Haruna-san, I think the Admiral is just letting you decide on who you should love. It’s not that he can’t chooses you at all. It’s more of the Admiral has already decided that’s why he wanted you to find your own happiness without being tied to him. I don’t know why he would do that though, but I think the Admiral really cares for you that he wanted not to hurt you.”<br />“But Richelieu-san, I love the Admiral. More than Hiei-neesan loves him.”<br />“How do you even gauge someone’s love?”<br />“I just know it…”<br />Richelieu took another glass of wine and she started drinking it. On her mind, she knew that the Admiral did that to make her give up. Though she doesn’t understand the Admiral’s motive about that, she decided not to make a rash judgement about that. After emptying her glass, she saw Haruna fell asleep after drinking quite several bottles of wine.

After that, Richelieu felt the need to carry Haruna home; but because Haruna wouldn’t even budge an inch no matter how much she tried made Richelieu call a person she doesn’t want to trouble with. But since it was quite an emergency, she will just do it to satiate her thirst for knowledge.


The Admiral arrived a few minutes after Richelieu gave him a call stating the Haruna is sleeping in a bar in the city of Paris. Luckily, The Admiral is awake for some reason and he came to the rescue.<br />“Admiral, you are a bit late.”<br />“Sorry. I have to proper state the reason of my departure.”<br />“What a troublesome woman you got.”<br />“Well, you girls are troublesome to begin with.”<br />“I can’t argue with that.”<br />“So, where is sleeping beauty?”

Richelieu pointed at the sleeping Haruna who is still dozing off.

“I thought Battleships are insanely strong.”<br />“I am just an ordinary girl tonight. So, does Haruna.”<br />“That’s true.”

The admiral carries Haruna on a piggy back as they make their way out of the establishment. The Admiral have paid for their expenses beforehand so there are no worries that they will just drink and dash. On their way back home, Richelieu asked the Admiral who is still carrying Haruna.

“Admiral, I heard from Haruna that you have rejected her feelings. Why did you do that?”<br />“You are prying into her private affairs.”<br />“I don’t mind. She did tell that story to me.”<br />“I see.”   <br />“Admiral, why did you hurt her?”

The Admiral looked up at the stars and he smiled a bit as he hears Haruna speak a few words while she is sleeping.<br />“Because Haruna is too good for me. I don’t deserve her.”<br />“No one is not deserving to love someone.”<br />“I don’t think I can love her enough.”<br />“It’s fine if you can’t give it your all today, for tomorrow will always be a brand new start…”

“I already love someone else…”<br />“But you accepted those who have confessed their feelings to you…”

One after the another, all of the admiral’s reasoning were all shot down by Richelieu who is bent on getting towards the truth. Afterall, she does consider Haruna her friend.

“Admiral, I know that you were holding back on these things. But I think Haruna deserves to be recognized based on her efforts. Even if you don’t reciprocate her feelings, I think all you need to do is to just let her love you.”<br />“But, I wanted Haruna to live a life that would make her truly happy.”<br />“Admiral. We Shipgirls are long-live beings. Though some of will be eternally loyal to you, it doesn’t mean that time won’t change us or our feelings. Afterall, we are all just ordinary girls once you have deprived us of our equipment. And you, you are the only person who can guide us and be with us at the times of great difficulty.It’s best to follow you until we are independent enough to do things on our own. Yes, we are quite selfish girls to begin with, but we are all doing this just to get your attention. Also, if you didn’t really like Haruna; you could have let her go already and let her live a quiet life, isn’t that right?”<br />“You got me there. Richelieu, I give up.”<br />“You are still too naïve when it comes to love.”<br />“But Richelieu, you haven’t been in-love right?”<br />Richelieu stopped on her tracks as she watches the Admiral who is still carrying Haruna walk towards the perimeter of the makeshift naval base.<br />Richelieu realizes that she was indeed a person who haven’t been in-love. But in that instance when she saw the Admiral who was carrying Haruna on his back, a part of her felt that she is somewhat moved on that scene. Normally, guys don’t do those things to the girl they don’t really care about.

Richelieu soon felt a spark igniting within her as she watches them slowly vanish into the darkness of the night, it was 1 in the morning and the moon is not in sight. Richelieu decided to continue walking and as she enters the base; A new story will be born from a confession that happened on a moonless night.




=='''The Return'''==

The Admiral and the rest of the fleet who were currently on the makeshift base is now preparing for their departure. It was a fun 2-week experience for them to stay at a place like this. And even so, the operation just lasted for 7 days so the next 7 days were all free time.

Currently, Sazanami and the Admiral have finished taking care of the documents and they have send them over to their main base for them to continue working. But since it was a free time, the two decided to go out and have some breath of fresh air.

“Master, good work for the past 2 weeks.”<br />“Thanks. Sazanami, you really do love working, aren’t you?”<br />Sazanami shook her head as she pointed out the few Destroyers who were playing at the beach.

“Sorry.”<br />“I don’t mind. Master’s work is always priority over social life. Asides, I can’t wait to meet Sagiri-chan over there.”<br />“I see. I am glad you stay.”<br />“Praise me more Master.”<br />“Yeah, you are the best girl.”<br />As the Admiral pats Sazanami’s head, a familiar person greeted him.

“Hiro-sama”<br />“Kumano.”<br />Kumano approaches the two as she immediately grabbed the Admiral’s left hand.<br />“It’s a wife’s duty to attend to her husband’s needs.”<br />Sazanami who was felt uncomfortable also grabbed the Admiral’s right hand.<br />“Is that so? A wife’s duty is to satisfy her husband’s lust.”<br />Kumano blushed as Sazanami said those words. But Kumano immediately recovered and the two started pulling the Admiral into their side. The Admiral who was being pulled through can’t help but feel helpless as he can’t reconcile the two.<br />A few minutes later, the two reconciled and the Admiral returns to his office. Sazanami didn’t returned with him since he will be back immediately. As he enters the room, Samidare and Kinugasa are waiting for him inside as Samidare sits on the Admiral’s chair and Kinugasa is holding a letter.

“Hiro.”<br />“Admiral!”<br />“Hey, what are you two doing here?”

“I want to feel what it’s like to be an admiral.”<br />“Hiro, this letter came a while ago. Anyways, Samidare and I have an agreement.”<br />“Is that so. Wait, what kind of agreement?”<br />“It’s a secret~.”<br />“Samidare?”<br />“Secret…”<br />“I give up.”

The Admiral opens the letter and inside of it, it was a notification that they’ll be leaving tomorrow as planned.

“You two, want to come with me to the beach? I mean, it’s just outside.”<br />“YES!!!”<br />And the two have followed suit as the Admiral exits the door.<br />

=='''Matsuwa'''==

Matsuwa arrived at the naval base after the rescue team got her in the boss area. The reason why Matsuwa’s rescue was possible is since Etorofu persisted the Admiral that they should rescue Matsuwa from the hands of the abyssal. And so, everything arrived at this moment when Matsuwa enters the office.

“Excuse me…”<br />Immediately a big girl with long black hair emerges and immediately cuddles Matsuwa as if she was assaulted by a beast.<br />"Scary....scary....! Scary! Commander, save me!"<br />“Nagato, stop it.”<br />A voice clearly resonated inside the room as the assailant named Nagato froze to her position. After hearing that voice, she lets go of Matsuwa and Nagato immediately got dragged by the one who called her. The identity of the voice is no other than Mutsu who happens to be around looking for Nagato who disappeared after hearing the news that a destroyer escort is arriving.

Matsuwa who was still at the state of shock realize that the Admiral wasn’t around.<br />“Commander?”<br />As soon as she called out the name of the Admiral, the door opens and a familiar guy enters. (Afterall, the Admiral is a guy.)<br />“Are you looking for me?”<br />“A guy?”<br />Matsuwa immediately backs off after seeing the Admiral.<br />I am not Nagato, I am just a harmless Admiral.<br />“Is it true?”<br />“Yeah. You can trust on me.”<br />Matsuwa slowly closes the distance between them when a voice interrupted Matsuwa’s advance.

“Master, are you deceiving that child too?”<br />The voice came from Sazanami who entered carrying a phone which it had a phone call which was put on hold since she was looking for the Admiral herself.<br />“Master, Etorofu made a call to tell you something.”<br />“Alright.”

The Admiral answers the call and after that, he gave the phone to Matsuwa and after Matsuwa answers the call, she gave the phone to Sazanami and smiled to the two who were there at that moment.

“Sazanami, do you have an idea what happened?”<br />“No Idea. But I guess I can ask Etorofu later.”<br />“Alright.”<br />“Master, if you do anything bad to her… You’ll be punished.”<br />“Understood.”

Sazanami exits as she happily skips. Matsuwa and the Admiral were left alone inside the office.

“Commander is known to like little girls. Am I in your strike zone?”<br />“Where did you learn that term?”<br />“Etorofu-chan told me to be wary of you.”<br />“Is that so? (what a kind sister indeed)”<br />“Commander, even though you are like that… I know that you are kind. I can feel it.”<br />“How can you say so. I might eat you up.”<br />“If that happens, then I am just too naïve. Anyways, the reason is that you don’t want to be hated, right?”<br />“Yeah. I don’t want to be hated at all.”<br />“Well then, can I ask you something?”<br />Slowly, Matsuwa closes their distance as she approaches the Admiral.<br />“I am willing to listen.”<br />“Can you be…”<br />As Matsuwa reaches 0 distance, she held the Admiral’s hand and she held it tight as if she doesn’t want to let it go.<br />“…my Big brother?”<br />The Admiral places his hand over Matsuwa’s head and he slowly messes up her hair. He never had someone asked him to be his sibling, it was a first for him. And this time, since he was seen through… he really has no reason not to accept Matsuwa’s proposition. Afterall, he knew Matsuwa’s history.

“Alright. I’ll work on it.”<br />“Thanks .”<br />And so, the two have finally reached their agreement.



The next day,<br />“Master, what is the meaning of this? We will be moving tomorrow and Matsuwa is sitting on your lap. What did you do?”<br />“She just asked me to be close to her.”<br />“Close… you sure are too close for comfort.”<br />“I won’t deny that. Afterall…”<br />“Onii-chan, I got to go now.”

Matsuwa alights off the Admiral’s lap and heads out towards the exit. Sazanami and the Admiral were left alone inside the office.<br />“Onii-chan huh. Master, care to tell me the details that happened yesterday?”<br />“I guess it can’t be helped…”

And the Admiral spend an hour explaining everything to Sazanami until she was satisfied.<br />

=='''Intermission: The two maids'''==

As the movers have finally moved all the stuff that needed to be delivered back to the main base, Sazanami decided to stay behind to look around. Sazanami looked around to say her farewells towards the makeshift base that the Admiral has established. The only thing she needs to do is to hand over the keys towards the caretaker of the said base.

“Time flies so fast.”<br />As soon as Sazanami said those words, a door person emerges out of thin air.<br />“Phew, Transfer complete.”<br />A girl wearing maid uniform emerges out of thin air and slowly landed on the floor without making a sound. She had Twintails and her hair color was Blonde. Her most common feature is that her looks is comparable to a maid despite the fact of carrying 2 spears.

“Who are you?”<br />“That’s my line…”<br />The two stared at each other waiting for the chance to attack. However…

“Sazanami, are you here?”<br />A voice interrupted their engagement.<br />Soon, a person came from the door while carrying the keys to the makeshift base.

“There you are. Oh, She’s here.”<br />Soon, the blond maid noticed the person that entered the room.<br />“It can’t be…”

Sazanami sensed that there is something amiss so she decided to go to the Admiral’s side and prevented him from moving forward.<br />“Master, she’s dangerous.”<br />“Is that so? But I think she is not that harmless at all. Heliotrope, has Nazuna-san sent you here?”<br />“[http://flowerknight.wikia.com/wiki/Heliotrope Heliotrope]?”<br />As Sazanami mentions the name of the visitor. The blond maid dropped her spears and she came running towards the Admiral.

“Knight Commander!”<br />The Visitor which was named Heliotrope according to the Admiral, run towards the Admiral and as she reached a certain point, she jumped towards him who was a bit unaware of her actions.<br />The Admiral somehow managed to catch the jumping Helitrope and managed not to get hurt in that action.

“I miss you so much, why haven’t you returned to us?”<br />“I belong here. Asides, I am just a guest there. So, are you here to assume the caretaker role?”<br />“Yes.”

Sazanami who was just watching the two can’t help but feel jealous over the two’s closeness.<br />Sazanami decided to walk out of the room. But as the Admiral noticed it, he decided to let go of Heliotrope.

“Sorry, but I guess I made her mad.”<br />“Don’t worry. I think she misunderstood a bit.”<br />“I got to…”<br />“No, leave it to me. You tend to make things more difficult.”<br />“I have no defense to that.”<br />And so, Heliotrope decided to catch the fleeing Sazanami.


Sazanami who have somehow made a run is currently sitting at the shore while looking at her left hand.<br />“I knew it…”<br />Sazanami said those words as she looks at the sea.<br />“I never knew this world is so pretty.”<br />A voice came behind her ring to her ears.<br />Sazanami looked back and she saw Heliotrope standing behind her.<br />“You are quite fast, but there are a lot of people faster than you.”<br />Heliotrope sits beside her and she looked at the sea too.

“That ring is beautiful. I wish I have that too?”<br />“You can ask Master for one, I think he’ll give you one.”<br />“I guess I can do that. But not today.”<br />“Are you and Master… lovers?”<br />“Me? I am just one of his colleagues. Rather, I wish he can love me too. But since he always said that a girl in his hometown will get mad at him if he does something behind her back. We have decided to respect his decision. I think I get what he meant with that.”<br />“Is that so? But master does that a lot of times with them. I don’t think that he will actually not do something bad while I am not watching.”<br />“True, but you know… the reason why he is reserved is that because you didn’t know anyone of us. So, he is just being fair to you. “<br />Sazanami stopped a bit to take a breath of fresh air. For some reasons, she really is not mad at all. Rather, that surprised her even more than seeing Heliotrope for the first time.

“Please forgive Knight commander. He is a bit unreliable. But he is a good person.”<br />“I know. I have worked with him for the longest time. Asides, Master is just being too kind to girls. I almost forgot that trait of his.”<br />Heliotrope and Sazanami smiled as they have reached an agreement.

“By the way Heliotrope, do you really love Master?”<br />“I do. But I will back down if…”<br />“I’ll allow it. Just tell me when will you arriving.”<br />Heliotrope’s face lightens up as she got a permission from Sazanami.<br />“Thank you. I’ll appreciate it.”<br />“It’s nothing. Asides, I think I’ll be able to have some talk with you then from time to time. Let’s exchange contacts.”<br />And the two before friends on that day itself.<br />“Well then. Thanks for taking care of this place.”<br />The Admiral bowed his head to Heliotrope as he gives the key to her.<br />“Thanks Hiro-sama, I’ll take care of it.”<br />“You know my name?”<br />Heliotrope smiled as she looks at the Admiral’s surprised look on his face. Sazanami on the meanwhile had a smirk on her face saying that she told Heliotrope his real name.<br />“Master, it’s time for us to leave.”<br />“Yeah, Sorry Heliotrope, I can’t play with you anymore.”<br />Heliotrope smiled and she bowed to the two that exited through the front door.   

Heliotrope looked at the key which was entrusted to them. As per employment, she can do whatever she wants to the property for as long as she needed to maintain it at least once a week.    <br />Heliotrope decided to contact a certain person so that she can go wherever she wanted to for as long as she wishes for it.

And so, with a bit of magic from her nature; she made the passage towards the vacant base impossible to access without her permission and thus it was perfectly hidden to the sight of many and to those who would wander around accidentally.

And so, Heliotrope has finally decided to start working.<br />



=='''Epilogue: The Homecoming'''==

As the rest of the fleet slowly return towards the naval base that they all knew. The day slowly gets a bit chilly as the autumn air slowly creeps in as the season slowly changes. As the wind of from the sea starts to blow, 2 shadows can be seen walking side by side as they enter the premises.

“It’s quite a welcome indeed.” A young man expressed his thoughts as held the hand of the girl who is walking beside him.<br />“I did ask Isonami to help out on the preparations. I heard a certain maid decided to made a jump to here when we are still sitting in the airplane.” The young girl replied as she intertwines her fingers on the man’s hand.<br />“Heliotrope arrived here? That was quite fast, I guess portals are convenient to use. We should…”<br />“No Master, I won’t allow it. I want to spend time with you after all.”

At the face of the girl, the man can’t fight her back as he knows that it’s futile to fight back. Rather, he really has no reason to argue with her after all.

“Even so, I just want to jump places where we can relax for a bit.”<br />“Master, I know I should say this but the immigration will be mad at you if you don’t go through legal measures.”<br />“I guess I’ll give up on that portal gimmick.”<br />“But Master, I’ll ask her to install one to connect to that place. It’s fine if we do the hopping in secret.”<br />“I guess that would settle it. Anyways, why did you come with me on the way here. You could have sail on the way back home.”<br />“If I do that, I wonder how many girls will stick to you once I am out of sight?”<br />As soon as the girl said those words, a group of girls arrived at their back calling out their names.

“Sazanami-chan! Wait for us” A girl with long blue hair shouted as she run towards the two.

The girl named Sazanami dropped her shoulders and smiled a bit as she realized that the main group had arrived already. The man, who noticed Sazanami’s reaction; decided to take her attention a bit as they arrive at the gates of the naval district.

“Well then, I know it’s a bit stupid to say this once again… But, I’m back Sazanami.”<br />“Indeed Master, Welcome home.”

And the two entered the gates as they were greeted with the rest of the fleet who were all patiently waiting for their arrival.




==<br />'''Omake: Kumano’s day'''==

This important event happened while the fleet is still in Europe.

“Hiro-sama, is this alright for us to wander around here? I mean…”<br />The girl named Kumano asked the guy who was walking behind her which was named Hiro.

“It’s fine. We are already done and we have submitted those papers so basically, we have nothing left to do. Also, we are currently sending our documents to the main base so we are all basically migrating a few days for now. To cut this short, those who were above us who were all quite happy of our performance decided to let us stay here and enjoy the scenery while we can.”

“I see. But why me? You could have invited Sazanami-chan over this.”<br />“Sazanami is no-good. Rather, she said that these no longer interest her.”<br />“Is that so?”<br />“Well, I think she is just giving others some kind of chance.”

With the words Hiro said to Kumano, Kumano decided to not pursue the topic since what done is done and there was no more extra info to be collected even if she persists.

“Anyways, I think it’s time for me to do something about this crisis.”<br />As Hiro said those words, Kumano felt something was amiss.

As the two arrived at the scenic view in the front of Cathédrale Notre Dame de Paris.<br />“Hiro-sama, Not the Eiffel Tower?”<br />“Well, it’s quite good but I wanted to be near here just in case.”<br />“Is it because of the river?”<br />“Probably. But most importantly…”

As he said those words, Hiro kneels to Kumano who was surprised to see Hiro doing that sort of gesture.

“Sorry I have made a lady like you waited so long for this. But, This time… I won’t ever let you go.”<br />“Hiro-sama, what are you saying?”<br />“Kumano, I have been quite indecisive over this… But now, I have finally made up my mind… Kumano, will you marry me (provisionally)?

With those words, Kumano started to cry as she heard the words she wanted to hear. For her, those were the words that she never thought she will never ever hear until the day she dies.

Kumano wiped away the tears from her eyes and started looking at Hiro who was still kneeling. Soon, Kumano smiles and she decided to give Hiro an answer.

“While I think you could have brought me somewhere else, I think this place is good enough. Hiro-sama, are you sure you are doing this for my sake?”<br />“Yes. I am 1000% Sure.”<br />“Aren’t you just pitying me?”<br />“No. This is totally what’s inside of my heart.”<br />“Kino-nee might hate me, will you protect me eternally?”<br />“If she does that, then I’ll make sure that we’ll win her back.”

Kumano smiles and she has finally made up her mind.<br />“Hiro-sama, no… to make this a bit intimate. Hiro, I love you, and my answer is YES.”<br />Hiro stood up and he made a shouted YES to the top of his lungs, while the place seems to be quite empty this time around, the place stood as their witness as Kumano accepts Hiro’s invitation.

As the two calmed down, Kumano wrapped her arms around Hiro and they walked side by side as they walk back towards the naval base. They know that the actual ceremonies will be done on a later date. But even so, with Kumano’s acceptance the deal is already sealed.

And so, their fate has finally been intertwined.<br />



'''''End'''''
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Blog Post]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]
[[Category:Derivative Literature]]