==My Fleet==

The equipment on the right of the shipgirl means they are required for Akashi's Improvement Arsenal.

'''Destroyers/DD''': 17/100 Ship Count, 7 Vanity Ships (You'll need a lot of these fellas for this event. Don't lock out some of the important ones that can help you branch to relatively safer paths.)
*Akizuki K <span style="line-height:21px;">(</span>[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/10cm_Twin_High-angle_Mount_%2B_Anti-Aircraft_Fire_Director 10cm Twin High-angle Mount + Anti-Aircraft Fire Director]<span style="line-height:21px;">, </span>[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Type_94_Anti-Aircraft_Fire_Director Type 94 Anti-Aircraft Fire Director]<span style="line-height:21px;">)</span>
*Amatsukaze K
*Ayanami K2 ([http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/12.7cm_Twin_Mount_Type-B_Kai_2 12.7cm Twin Gun Type-B Kai 2]) ([http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Searchlight Searchlight])
*Fubuki K2 ([http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Type_94_Anti-Aircraft_Fire_Director Type 94 Anti-Aircraft Fire Director])
*Hamakaze K (Vanity/Expedition)
*Hatsukaze K (Vanity/Expedition) (May consider scrapping for space.)
*Hibiki
*Isokaze K (Vanity/Expedition) ([http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Type_13_Air_Radar_Kai Type 13 Air Radar Kai])
*Mutsuki K (Vanity/Expedition) (May consider scrapping for space.)
*Shigure K2
*Shimakaze K ([http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/61cm_Quint_(Oxygen)_Torpedo_Mount 61cm Quint (Oxygen) Torpedo Mount]) ([http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Type_22_Surface_Radar Type 22 Surface Radar])
*Urakaze (Vanity/Expedition)
*Ushio
*Yukikaze K ([http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Type_13_Air_Radar_Kai Type 13 Air Radar Kai])
*Yuudachi K2 ([http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/12.7cm_Twin_Mount_Type-B_Kai_2 12.7cm Twin Gun Type-B Kai 2])
*Z1 K (Vanity/Expedition)
*Z3 (Vanity/Expedition) (May consider scrapping for space.)
'''Light Cruisers/CL(T)''': 10/100 Ship Count.
*Abukuma K2
*Kiso K2
*Kitakami K2
*Isuzu K2
*Jintsuu K
*Naka K2
*Ooi K2
*Ooyodo K
*Sendai K2
*Yuubari K
'''Heavy Cruisers/CA(V)''': 10/100 Ship Count.
*Chikuma K (Needs Blueprint now.)
*Choukai K
*Haguro K2
*Kumano K
*Maya K2
*Myoukou K
*Nachi
*Prinz Eugen K
*Suzuya K
*Tone K2
'''Battleships/BB(V)''': 15/100 Ship Count.

*Bismarck Drei (Lv128, Mai Waifu)
*Fusou K (Needs Blueprint now.)
*Haruna K2
*Hiei K2
*Hyuuga K
*Ise K
*Italia
*Kirishima K2
*Kongou K2
*Musashi K
*Mutsu K
*Nagato K
*Roma (Needs Blueprint now.)
*Yamashiro K
*Yamato K
'''Light Aircraft Carrier/CVL''': 6/100 Ship Count.
*Chitose K2
*Chiyoda K2
*Hiyou K
*Junyou K2
*Ryuujou K2
*Zuihou
'''Aircraft Carrier/CV''': 9/100 Ship Count.
*Akagi K
*Amagi
*Hiryuu K2
*Kaga K
*Katsuragi
*Shoukaku K
*Souryuu K2
*Taihou K
*Unryuu
'''Submarines/SS(V)''': 8/100 Ship Count, 2 Luck fodder.
*I-58/Goya K
*I-8/Hachi K
*I-19/Iku K
*I-168/Imuya K
*Maruyu (Got 2.)
*Ro-500
*I-401/Shioi K
'''Auxillery Ships''': 5/100 Ship Count. 1 extra.
*Akashi K
*Akitsumaru K (Got 2.) (Will consider scrapping 1.)
*Akitsushima K
*Katori K
Total Ship Count: 80/100


'''Want List:'''
*CL Yahagi ([http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/15.2cm_Twin_Gun_Mount 15.2cm Twin Gun], [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/15.2cm_Twin_Gun_Mount_Kai 15.2cm Twin Gun Kai])
*CA Mikuma ([http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/20.3cm(no.3)_Twin_Gun_Mount 20.3cm(no.3) Twin Gun])
*CV Zuikaku
*2nd Akashi for repair equipments.
*More Maruyu Luck fodder.
*Taigei
[[Category:Blog posts]]