<u style="font-style:inherit;font-weight:inherit;">'''Formation 1'''</u>

2CA 1CV 1CVL 1DD 1CLT

DD equipped with 2x Torpedo and 1x Depth charge, CLT equipped with 1x Sonar 1x Koukyouteki 1x Torpedo. CV and CVL equipped with 1x Carrier-based Dive Bomber, 1x Carrier-based Fighter Aircraft and 2x Carrier-based Torpedo Bomber each.

1) Flagship: DD

Starting node J > F > G > I (Boss)

2) Flagship: CA

Starting node J > F > G > I (Boss)

3) Flagship: CA

Starting node F > G > L > M

4) Flagship: CA

Starting node F > G > I (Boss)

Pros: Well-rounded, high chance of going to boss node due to the 2 CAs (Node H or L are the other possibilities)

Cons: High-ish resource cost. Needs sufficient levelling (especially for the DD, CLT) in order to make it through the map without taiha.

<u>'''Formation 2'''</u>

2CA 1CL 1BB 1CLT 1CVL

CLT equipped with 1x Sonar 1x Koukyouteki 1x Torpedo. CVL equipped with 1x Carrier-based Dive Bomber, 1x Carrier-based Fighter Aircraft and 2x Carrier-based Torpedo Bomber. CL equipped with 1x Air Radar. Every member is capable of performing artillery spotting (cut-in type) except for the CVL and CLT.

1) Flagship: CA

Starting node J > F > G > ?? (internet disconnected before I could click the button to proceed)

2) Flagship: CA

Starting node J > F > G > ?? (flagship hit critical damage)

Pros: High chance of going to boss node due to the 2 CAs and no DDs. Strong firepower/attack damage. High HP given the levels are high enough.

Cons: High resource cost. Long and expensive repairs.

<u style="font-weight:inherit;">'''Formation 3'''</u>

2CA 1DD 1CV 1BBV 1CLT

Starting node F > G > L (maelstrom) > M
[[Category:Blog posts]]