__NOTOC__
So you're probably told to read this link, or you wanted to know how do some people get fancy colours on their chat screen whilst you're stuck with a boring white background and black text screen?

You've pretty much come to the right place. This blog entry is dedicated to describing how is it possible to customise your wikia chatting experience. Mind you however, this is not (yet) a one-stop shop for all your customisation requirements. There are many more boulders to turn before it becomes full fledged.

==Prerequisites==
What you will need to do first off to make all these happen:

* You will need a Wikia account and be logged into your Wikia account.
* You will need to enable "Personal CSS and JS". For more information, read [http://community.wikia.com/wiki/Help:Personal_CSS_and_JS Help: Personal CSS and JS on Community Central Wikia]
* You will need to temporarily set your "Preferred editor" as "Source editor" or "Classic editor". For more information, read [http://community.wikia.com/wiki/Help:Editing#Choosing_an_editor Choosing an editor on Community Central Wikia]
* Ideally have some knowledge in [[:wikipedia:Help:Wiki_markup|Help: Wiki markup on wikipedia]] or at least some HTML skills.

==Basic customisation==

In this section we will go over the basic chat customisation that is available once you have met all the prerequisites in the previous section.

For now I will discuss on how to load pre-made scripts which in turn does allow some minor customisation. 

The first thing you will need to do is to navigate into your User page and then to a more "secret" place known as "chat.js". The easiest way to do so is something like this:

{{Talkquote|text=User:<yourusername>/chat.js}}

Where <yourusername> is where you literally put your own username and without using those pointy brackets. So for instance in my case mine would be:

{{Talkquote|text=User:Crazy_teitoku/chat.js}}

Once you have navigated to that page Wikia will ask you something like, "this article does not exist, do you want to create the page or search within the wiki for this page". What you will need to do there is to create the page.

If for some reason you were asked to choose which editor to use, do not and I must reiterate do '''not''' use wikia/visual/wysiwyg editor as that will prevent the chat.js from actually functioning as intended.

Now that you're in the page creating the contents of the page, you will need to paste this in exactly as it is:

{{Talkquote|text=importScriptPage('ChatOptions/code.js', 'dev');}}

Once you have copied and pasted that, click on the publish button. Once successful, you will get something like this:

'''Note''': After saving, you may have to [[Help:Bypass_your_cache|bypass your browser's cache]] to see the changes.

* '''Chrome''' - Windows: Hold the ''Ctrl'' key and press the ''F5'' key. OS X: Hold both the ''⌘ Cmd'' and ''⇧ Shift'' keys and press the ''R'' key.
* '''Safari''' - Hold down the ''⇧ Shift'' key and click the ''Reload'' toolbar button.
* '''Firefox''' - Windows: Hold the ''Ctrl'' key, and press ''F5''. OS X: Hold the ''⌘ Cmd'' and ''⇧ Shift'' keys, and then press ''R''.
* '''Internet Explorer''' - Hold the ''Ctrl'' key, and press ''F5'' (or click the ''Refresh'' button).

  importScriptPage('ChatOptions/code.js', 'dev');

If you get something like that, then close your Chat and open it again. Sometimes the changes may not take effect immediately so you may need to wait up to 5 minutes and/or visit the same chat.js screen and bypass your browser's cache for both the page itself as well the chat page.

A successful loading of ChatOptions should have a button within the userlist that allows you to customise some of the look and feel of the chat to suit your tastes as well as loading a select few other scripts to make life easier. These are (but not restricted to):

{| border="0" cellpadding="1" cellspacing="1" class="article-table" style="float: left; width: 950px;"
|-
! scope="col"|Name
! scope="col"|What it does
! scope="col"|Code
|-
|Chat Hacks
|
Gives you the abillty to control when you are away and when you are not.

Gives you the abillty to clear the chat.

Gives you ping phrases that sound off every time a user mentions one of your phrases
|
 <span class="coMULTI" style="font-style:italic;color:rgb(0,102,0);">/*  Monchomans chat hacks */</span>
 importScriptPage<span class="br0" style="color:rgb(0,153,0);">(</span><span class="st0" style="color:rgb(51,102,204);">'User:Monchoman45/ChatHacks.js'</span><span class="sy0" style="color:rgb(51,153,51);">,</span><span class="st0" style="color:rgb(51,102,204);">'c'</span><span class="br0" style="color:rgb(0,153,0);">)</span><span class="sy0" style="color:rgb(51,153,51);">;</span>
|
|-
|Search bar
|Allows you to do a quick search on chat
|
 importScriptPage<span class="br0" style="color:rgb(0,153,0);">(</span><span class="st0" style="color:rgb(51,102,204);">'MediaWiki:Chat.js/searchbar.js','cod'</span><span class="sy0" style="color:rgb(51,153,51);">,</span> <span class="st0" style="color:rgb(51,102,204);">'c'</span><span class="br0" style="color:rgb(0,153,0);">)</span><span class="sy0" style="color:rgb(51,153,51);">;</span>
|-
|
Multi-PM
|Allows you to Private Message with more than one user.
|
 importScriptPage<span class="br0" style="color:rgb(0,153,0);">(</span><span class="st0" style="color:rgb(51,102,204);">'User:Joeytje50/ChatPMs.js'</span><span class="sy0" style="color:rgb(51,153,51);">,</span> <span class="st0" style="color:rgb(51,102,204);">'c'</span><span class="br0" style="color:rgb(0,153,0);">)</span><span class="sy0" style="color:rgb(51,153,51);">;</span>
|-
|Multi-kick
|Allows mods and admins to kick more than one user at the same time.
|
 importScriptPage<span class="br0" style="color:rgb(0,153,0);">(</span><span class="st0" style="color:rgb(51,102,204);">"User:Madnessfan34537/multikick.js"</span><span class="sy0" style="color:rgb(51,153,51);">,</span><span class="st0" style="color:rgb(51,102,204);">"cod"</span><span class="br0" style="color:rgb(0,153,0);">)</span>
|}
{{clear}}

But.. unfortunately you find that the customisation when it comes to "skinning" is limited, such as for instance when you want a dark chat theme with inversed colours. So what to do? read on to the next part where we discuss advanced customisation.

==Advanced customisation==

Of course the basic customisation can only go so far but if you're willing to customise your chatting experience, the sky is the limit and this blog entry can only go so far with it.

If you want to customise the looks of the chat in terms of "skinning" the best place to start is to create chat.css file. The steps are similar as creating chat.js as mentioned in the chat.js in the previous section on basic customisation with the exception of using .css extension as opposed to .js

For starters, what you may want to do is to copy a "skin" that you like to work based off. For mine, it would be <s>[[User:Crazy_teitoku/chat.css]]</s>. [[User:Flonnaru|Flonnaru]] has a light coloured theme with mostly pink colours as well as a fancy custom background, his is accessible via [[User:Flonnaru/chat.css]]. You have a few other users with their own variations:
* [[User:Juuryoushin/chat.css]]
* [[User:Archer88/chat.css]]
* [[User:Arvin30p/chat.css]]
* [[User:YasenSuki/chat.css]]
* [[User:FrostedBeats/chat.css]]
* ... (''few others'')

'''04th August 2016 update''': I no longer make my [[User:Crazy teitoku/chat.css|chat.css]] available due to a few factors:
* [[w:c:community:Thread:1037705|JS and CSS caches are frustrating]]
* [[w:c:community:User_blog:Yhynerson1/Javascript_and_CSS_take_long_time_to_update|Javascript and CSS take long time to update]]
* Wikia's own source editor, when revealing even a 70,000+ bytes long page for editing takes time to respond even for trivial editing. The only workaround for cases like these is to really use something as simple as [https://notepad-plus-plus.org/ Notepad++] for instance or an [[wikipedia:Integrated development environment|IDE (Integrated Developer Environment]].

If, (for whatever reason) you want to have a look at my current chat.css I will make it available via [Expand] button below. The last update for this code is 03rd August 2016.<br><br>
<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed">
<pre style="white-space: pre-wrap; background-color: #FFFFFF; border: 0; padding: 0px;">
/*
Chat.css for use in Special:Chat page.
Original idea by wikia. Theme based from http://botchan.wikia.com. Thanks to Nanamin for ripping out the source code.
Code tidy-up by Chrome browser.
[[User:Martirsadota|Martirsadota]] for addressing a few bugs/todo kinks on this CSS:
* Chat Options lettering colours fixed.
* Possibly the highlighting of one's nickname when "pinged".
 
Parts of this CSS has been documented, as well as modified to suit ones tastes.
*/
a.wikia-button,.wikia-single-button a,.wikia-menu-button,input[type="submit"],input[type="reset"],input[type="button"],.button,button {
    background-color: #012e59;
    background-image: -moz-linear-gradient(top,#02488b 35%,#012e59 65%);
    background-image: -webkit-gradient(linear,0% 0%,0% 100%,color-stop(35%,#02488b),color-stop(65%,#012e59));
    background-image: -o-linear-gradient(top,#02488b 35%,#012e59 65%);
    background-image: -ms-linear-gradient(top,#02488b 35%,#012e59 65%);
    border: 1px solid #012e59;
    border-radius: 4px;
    color: white;
    cursor: pointer;
    display: inline-block;
    font-family: Verdana,Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    height: 19px;
    line-height: 20px;
    margin: 0;
    padding: 0 10px;
    text-decoration: none;
    white-space: nowrap
}
 
a.wikia-button:hover,.wikia-single-button a:hover,.wikia-menu-button:hover,input[type="submit"]:hover,input[type="reset"]:hover,input[type="button"]:hover,.button:hover,button:hover {
    background-color: #012445;
    background-image: -moz-linear-gradient(top,#013e77 35%,#012445 65%);
    background-image: -webkit-gradient(linear,0% 0%,0% 100%,color-stop(35%,#013e77),color-stop(65%,#012445));
    background-image: -o-linear-gradient(top,#013e77 35%,#012445 65%);
    background-image: -ms-linear-gradient(top,#013e77 35%,#012445 65%);
    text-decoration: none
}
 
a.wikia-button.active,a.wikia-button:active,.wikia-single-button a.active,.wikia-single-button a:active,.wikia-menu-button.active,.wikia-menu-button:active,input[type="submit"].active,input[type="submit"]:active,input[type="reset"].active,input[type="reset"]:active,input[type="button"].active,input[type="button"]:active,.button.active,.button:active,button.active,button:active {
    background-image: -moz-linear-gradient(top,#012445 35%,#013e77 65%);
    background-image: -webkit-gradient(linear,0% 0%,0% 100%,color-stop(35%,#012445),color-stop(65%,#013e77));
    background-image: -o-linear-gradient(top,#012445 35%,#013e77 65%);
    background-image: -ms-linear-gradient(top,#012445 35%,#013e77 65%);
    color: white
}
 
a.wikia-button[disabled],.wikia-single-button a[disabled],.wikia-menu-button[disabled],input[type="submit"][disabled],input[type="reset"][disabled],input[type="button"][disabled],.button[disabled],button[disabled] {
    cursor: default;
    opacity: .5
}
 
a.wikia-button[disabled]:active,.wikia-single-button a[disabled]:active,.wikia-menu-button[disabled]:active,input[type="submit"][disabled]:active,input[type="reset"][disabled]:active,input[type="button"][disabled]:active,.button[disabled]:active,button[disabled]:active {
    background-color: #012e59;
    background-image: -moz-linear-gradient(top,#02488b 35%,#012e59 65%);
    background-image: -webkit-gradient(linear,0% 0%,0% 100%,color-stop(35%,#02488b),color-stop(65%,#012e59));
    background-image: -o-linear-gradient(top,#02488b 35%,#012e59 65%);
    background-image: -ms-linear-gradient(top,#02488b 35%,#012e59 65%);
}
 
a.wikia-button img,.wikia-single-button a img,.wikia-menu-button img,input[type="submit"] img,input[type="reset"] img,input[type="button"] img,.button img,button img {
    vertical-align: text-bottom
}
 
a.wikia-button img.chevron,.wikia-single-button a img.chevron,.wikia-menu-button img.chevron,input[type="submit"] img.chevron,input[type="reset"] img.chevron,input[type="button"] img.chevron,.button img.chevron,button img.chevron {
    margin-top: 1px;
    vertical-align: middle
}
 
a.wikia-button.secondary,.wikia-single-button a.secondary,.wikia-menu-button.secondary,input[type="submit"].secondary,input[type="reset"].secondary,input[type="button"].secondary,.button.secondary,button.secondary {
    background-color: #4f4e4e;
    background-image: -moz-linear-gradient(top,#5c5a5a 35%,#4f4e4e 65%);
    background-image: -webkit-gradient(linear,0% 0%,0% 100%,color-stop(35%,#5c5a5a),color-stop(65%,#4f4e4e));
    background-image: -o-linear-gradient(top,#5c5a5a 35%,#4f4e4e 65%);
    background-image: -ms-linear-gradient(top,#5c5a5a 35%,#4f4e4e 65%);
    border: 1px solid #615f5f;
    color: #d5d4d4
}
 
a.wikia-button.secondary:hover,.wikia-single-button a.secondary:hover,.wikia-menu-button.secondary:hover,input[type="submit"].secondary:hover,input[type="reset"].secondary:hover,input[type="button"].secondary:hover,.button.secondary:hover,button.secondary:hover {
    background-color: #444343;
    background-image: -moz-linear-gradient(top,#515050 35%,#444343 65%);
    background-image: -webkit-gradient(linear,0% 0%,0% 100%,color-stop(35%,#515050),color-stop(65%,#444343));
    background-image: -o-linear-gradient(top,#515050 35%,#444343 65%);
    background-image: -ms-linear-gradient(top,#515050 35%,#444343 65%);
}
 
a.wikia-button.secondary.active,a.wikia-button.secondary:active,.wikia-single-button a.secondary.active,.wikia-single-button a.secondary:active,.wikia-menu-button.secondary.active,.wikia-menu-button.secondary:active,input[type="submit"].secondary.active,input[type="submit"].secondary:active,input[type="reset"].secondary.active,input[type="reset"].secondary:active,input[type="button"].secondary.active,input[type="button"].secondary:active,.button.secondary.active,.button.secondary:active,button.secondary.active,button.secondary:active {
    background-color: #4f4e4e;
    background-image: -moz-linear-gradient(top,#444343 35%,#515050 65%);
    background-image: -webkit-gradient(linear,0% 0%,0% 100%,color-stop(35%,#444343),color-stop(65%,#515050));
    background-image: -o-linear-gradient(top,#444343 35%,#515050 65%);
    background-image: -ms-linear-gradient(top,#444343 35%,#515050 65%);
}
 
a.wikia-button.secondary img.chevron,.wikia-single-button a.secondary img.chevron,.wikia-menu-button.secondary img.chevron,input[type="submit"].secondary img.chevron,input[type="reset"].secondary img.chevron,input[type="button"].secondary img.chevron,.button.secondary img.chevron,button.secondary img.chevron {
    border-color: #d5d4d4 transparent transparent
}
 
a.wikia-button.big,.wikia-single-button a.big,.wikia-menu-button.big,input[type="submit"].big,input[type="reset"].big,input[type="button"].big,.button.big,button.big {
    font-size: 18px;
    height: 40px;
    line-height: 23px
}
 
a.wikia-button:-moz-focusring,.wikia-single-button a:-moz-focusring,.wikia-menu-button:-moz-focusring,input[type="submit"]:-moz-focusring,input[type="reset"]:-moz-focusring,input[type="button"]:-moz-focusring,.button:-moz-focusring,button:-moz-focusring {
    box-shadow: 0px 0px 1px 1px highlight
}
 
.wikia-menu-button-submit input[type=submit] {
    border: none;
    height: 100%
}
 
input[type="submit"],input[type="reset"],input[type="button"],button {
    height: 21px
}
 
input[type="submit"]::-moz-focus-inner,input[type="reset"]::-moz-focus-inner,input[type="button"]::-moz-focus-inner,button::-moz-focus-inner {
    border: 0;
    padding: 0
}
 
.wikia-menu-button {
    *display: inline;
    list-style: none;
    margin: 0;
    padding: 0;
    position: relative;
    text-align: left;
}
 
.wikia-menu-button:hover {
    background-color: #012e59;
    background-image: -moz-linear-gradient(top,#02488b 35%,#012e59 65%);
    background-image: -webkit-gradient(linear,0% 0%,0% 100%,color-stop(35%,#02488b),color-stop(65%,#012e59));
    background-image: -o-linear-gradient(top,#02488b 35%,#012e59 65%);
    background-image: -ms-linear-gradient(top,#02488b 35%,#012e59 65%);
}
 
.wikia-menu-button a:hover {
    text-decoration: none
}
 
.wikia-menu-button > a,.wikia-menu-button .drop,.wikia-menu-button > li > a {
    display: inline-block
}
 
.wikia-menu-button > a:hover,.wikia-menu-button .drop:hover,.wikia-menu-button > li > a:hover {
    background-color: #012445;
    background-image: -moz-linear-gradient(top,#013e77 35%,#012445 65%);
    background-image: -webkit-gradient(linear,0% 0%,0% 100%,color-stop(35%,#013e77),color-stop(65%,#012445));
    background-image: -o-linear-gradient(top,#013e77 35%,#012445 65%);
    background-image: -ms-linear-gradient(top,#013e77 35%,#012445 65%);
}
 
.wikia-menu-button > a:active,.wikia-menu-button .drop:active,.wikia-menu-button > li > a:active {
    background-image: -moz-linear-gradient(top,#012445 35%,#013e77 65%);
    background-image: -webkit-gradient(linear,0% 0%,0% 100%,color-stop(35%,#012445),color-stop(65%,#013e77));
    background-image: -o-linear-gradient(top,#012445 35%,#013e77 65%);
    background-image: -ms-linear-gradient(top,#012445 35%,#013e77 65%);
    color: white
}
 
.wikia-menu-button > a,.wikia-menu-button > li > a {
    border-bottom-left-radius: 4px;
    border-right: 1px solid #66819b;
    border-top-left-radius: 4px;
    color: white;
    padding: 0 8px 0 5px
}
 
.wikia-menu-button .drop {
    border-bottom-right-radius: 4px;
    border-top-right-radius: 4px;
    margin-left: -3px;
    padding-left: 5px
}
 
.wikia-menu-button ul {
    background: #474646;
    border: 1px solid #012e59;
    display: none;
    left: -1px;
    list-style: none;
    margin: 0;
    position: absolute;
    top: 19px;
    z-index: 100;
    box-shadow: 1px 2px 12px 0 black
}
 
.wikia-menu-button ul a {
    color: #d5d4d4;
    display: block;
    padding: 9px 9px 7px
}
 
.wikia-menu-button ul a:hover {
    background-color: #4b5560
}
 
.wikia-menu-button ul li {
    border-top: 1px solid #6b6a6a;
    line-height: normal
}
 
.wikia-menu-button ul li:first-child {
    border: 0
}
 
.wikia-menu-button .WikiaMenuElement {
    margin: 0
}
 
.wikia-menu-button .icon,.wikia-menu-button img {
    vertical-align: text-bottom
}
 
.wikia-menu-button .chevron {
    border-top-color: white;
    margin: 0 7px 0 1px
}
 
.wikia-menu-button.active {
    border-bottom-left-radius: 0;
    border-bottom-right-radius: 0
}
 
.wikia-menu-button.active ul {
    display: block
}
 
.wikia-menu-button.secondary {
    border: 1px solid #6b6a6a;
    *display: inline;
    list-style: none;
    margin: 0;
    position: relative;
    text-align: left
}
 
.wikia-menu-button.secondary:hover {
    background-color: #4f4e4e;
    background-image: -moz-linear-gradient(top,#5c5a5a 35%,#4f4e4e 65%);
    background-image: -webkit-gradient(linear,0% 0%,0% 100%,color-stop(35%,#5c5a5a),color-stop(65%,#4f4e4e));
    background-image: -o-linear-gradient(top,#5c5a5a 35%,#4f4e4e 65%);
    background-image: -ms-linear-gradient(top,#5c5a5a 35%,#4f4e4e 65%);
}
 
.wikia-menu-button.secondary.combined {
    padding-left: 4px
}
 
.wikia-menu-button.secondary.combined:hover {
    background-color: #444343;
    background-image: -moz-linear-gradient(top,#515050 35%,#444343 65%);
    background-image: -webkit-gradient(linear,0% 0%,0% 100%,color-stop(35%,#515050),color-stop(65%,#444343));
    background-image: -o-linear-gradient(top,#515050 35%,#444343 65%);
    background-image: -ms-linear-gradient(top,#515050 35%,#444343 65%);
}
 
.wikia-menu-button.secondary.combined .drop:hover {
    background: transparent
}
 
.wikia-menu-button.secondary > a,.wikia-menu-button.secondary .drop,.wikia-menu-button.secondary > li > a {
    color: #d5d4d4;
    margin-top: -2px
}
 
.wikia-menu-button.secondary > a:hover,.wikia-menu-button.secondary .drop:hover,.wikia-menu-button.secondary > li > a:hover {
    background-color: #444343;
    background-image: -moz-linear-gradient(top,#515050 35%,#444343 65%);
    background-image: -webkit-gradient(linear,0% 0%,0% 100%,color-stop(35%,#515050),color-stop(65%,#444343));
    background-image: -o-linear-gradient(top,#515050 35%,#444343 65%);
    background-image: -ms-linear-gradient(top,#515050 35%,#444343 65%);
}
 
.wikia-menu-button.secondary > a:active,.wikia-menu-button.secondary .drop:active,.wikia-menu-button.secondary > li > a:active {
    background-color: #4f4e4e;
    background-image: -moz-linear-gradient(top,#444343 35%,#515050 65%);
    background-image: -webkit-gradient(linear,0% 0%,0% 100%,color-stop(35%,#444343),color-stop(65%,#515050));
    background-image: -o-linear-gradient(top,#444343 35%,#515050 65%);
    background-image: -ms-linear-gradient(top,#444343 35%,#515050 65%);
}
 
.wikia-menu-button.secondary > a {
    border-right: 1px solid #6b6a6a
}
 
.wikia-menu-button.secondary ul {
    background: #474646;
    border: 2px solid #6b6a6a;
    display: none;
    left: -1px;
    list-style: none;
    margin: 0;
    position: absolute;
    top: 19px;
    z-index: 100
}
 
.wikia-menu-button.secondary ul a {
    color: #d5d4d4;
    display: block
}
 
.wikia-menu-button.secondary ul a:hover {
    background-color: #4b5560 !important
}
 
.wikia-menu-button.secondary ul li {
    border-top: 1px solid #6b6a6a;
    line-height: normal
}
 
.wikia-menu-button.secondary ul li:first-child {
    border: 0
}
 
.wikia-menu-button.secondary.active {
    border-bottom-left-radius: 0;
    border-bottom-right-radius: 0
}
 
.wikia-menu-button.secondary.active ul {
    display: block
}
 
.wikia-chiclet-button {
    background-image: none;
    border: 0;
    border-radius: 0;
    cursor: pointer;
    display: inline-block;
    height: 19px;
    opacity: 0.7;
    padding: 0;
    position: relative;
    width: 19px
}
 
.wikia-chiclet-button img {
    height: 15px;
    left: 2px;
    position: absolute;
    top: 2px;
    width: 15px
}
 
.wikia-chiclet-button:hover {
    opacity: 1;
    background-image: none
}
 
button.wikia-chiclet-button {
    line-height: 1px
}
 
button.wikia-chiclet-button img {
    position: static;
    vertical-align: middle
}
 
.wikia-button.loginToEditProtectedPage {
    padding: 0px 5px
}
 
.wikia-button.loginToEditProtectedPage img {
    margin-right: 8px
}
 
a.wikia-button-facebook,a.wikia-button.wikia-button-facebook {
    border-color: #afbdd6;
    border-radius: 2px;
    color: #fff;
    font-weight: bold;
    height: 21px;
    padding: 0 6px
}
 
a.wikia-button-facebook,a.wikia-button-facebook:active,a.wikia-button-facebook:hover,a.wikia-button.wikia-button-facebook,a.wikia-button.wikia-button-facebook:active,a.wikia-button.wikia-button-facebook:hover {
    background-color: #5e7bb2;
    background-image: -moz-linear-gradient(top,#5e7bb2 0%,#3c62a1 100%);
    background-image: -webkit-gradient(linear,0% 0%,0% 100%,color-stop(0%,#5e7bb2),color-stop(100%,#3c62a1));
    background-image: -o-linear-gradient(top,#5e7bb2 0%,#3c62a1 100%);
    background-image: -ms-linear-gradient(top,#5e7bb2 0%,#3c62a1 100%);
}
 
a.wikia-button-facebook > img,a.wikia-button.wikia-button-facebook > img {
    border-right: solid 1px #6381b4;
    margin-right: 6px
}
 
.modalWrapper {
    box-shadow: 0 10px 60px 0 #232323;
    background: #474646;
    border-width: 5px;
    border-style: solid;
    border-color: #1a1a1a;
    border-color: rgba(26,26,26,0.6);
    -moz-background-clip: padding;
    -webkit-background-clip: padding;
    background-clip: padding-box;
    /*color: #d5d4d4;*/
    color: #70b8ff;
    position: absolute
}
 
.modalWrapper > h1,.modalWrapper .main-header {
    color: #70b8ff;
    font-size: 22px;
    margin: 20px 60px 20px 20px;
    overflow: hidden
}
 
.modalWrapper .close {
    zoom:1;float: right;
    margin: 20px 20px 0 0;
    z-index: 1
}
 
.modalWrapper .close:after {
    clear: both;
    content: " ";
    display: block;
    height: 0;
    overflow: hidden;
    visibility: hidden
}
 
.modalWrapper .neutral {
    background: transparent
}
 
.modalWrapper .modalToolbar {
    text-align: right;
    background: transparent;
    margin-top: 20px
}
 
.modalWrapper .modalToolbar a {
    margin-left: 10px
}
 
.modalWrapper #WikiaConfirmOk {
    margin-left: 2px
}
 
.modalContent {
    zoom:1;font-size: 13px;
    line-height: 21px;
    display: block;
    margin: 0 20px 20px 20px
}
 
.modalContent:after {
    clear: both;
    content: " ";
    display: block;
    height: 0;
    overflow: hidden;
    visibility: hidden
}
 
.modalContent .main-header {
    margin-left: 0;
    margin-top: 0
}
 
.modalContent .MyToolsConfiguration .options-list {
    line-height: 1
}
 
.modalContent b {
    font-weight: bold
}
 
.modalContent i {
    font-style: italic
}
 
.blackout {
    background: #474646;
    left: 0;
    opacity: 0.8;
    position: fixed;
    top: 0;
    width: 100%;
    height: 100%
}
 
yui-overlay,.yui-panel-container {
    position: absolute;
    z-index: 5000102 !important
}
 
.yui-panel {
    left: 0;
    position: relative;
    top: 0
}
 
.mask {
    background: #474646;
    margin-top: -30px;
    opacity: .8;
    position: fixed;
    z-index: 5000101 !important
}
 
.editor .mask {
    margin-top: 0
}
 
.skin-oasis #ImageUploadBorder {
    display: none
}
 
.skin-oasis #ImageUploadBody {
    height: 480px
}
 
.skin-oasis #ImageUploadProgress1 {
    visibility: hidden
}
 
.skin-oasis .yui-back {
    display: inline-block;
    margin: 0 5px 0 0
}
 
.skin-oasis #VideoEmbedConflict .yui-back,.skin-oasis #ImageUploadConflict .yui-back {
    bottom: 15px
}
 
a,abbr,address,article,aside,audio,b,blockquote,body,canvas,caption,cite,code,dd,del,details,dfn,div,dl,dt,em,embed,fieldset,figcaption,figure,footer,form,h1,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,header,hgroup,html,i,iframe,img,ins,kbd,label,legend,li,mark,menu,nav,object,ol,p,pre,q,samp,section,small,span,strong,sub,summary,sup,time,ul,var,video {
    border: 0;
    font-style: inherit;
    font-weight: inherit;
    margin: 0;
    padding: 0;
    vertical-align: baseline
}
 
article,aside,canvas,details,figcaption,figure,footer,header,hgroup,menu,nav,section,summary {
    display: block
}
 
a,ins {
    text-decoration: none
}
 
ul,ol {
    list-style: none
}
 
q:after,q:before {
    content: ""
}
 
.WikiaForm > fieldset {
    border: 0;
    margin: 0;
    padding: 0
}
 
.WikiaForm .input-group {
    clear: both;
    float: left;
    font-size: 13px;
    line-height: 13px;
    margin-bottom: 5px;
    padding: 5px 7px
}
 
.WikiaForm .input-group [type='text'],.WikiaForm .input-group [type='url'],.WikiaForm .input-group [type='password'],.WikiaForm .input-group [type='email'],.WikiaForm .input-group textarea {
    box-shadow: inset 1px 1px 1px 0 #595858;
    background-color: #4c4b4b;
    border: 1px solid #6b6a6a;
    color: #d5d4d4;
    font-family: "Lucida Grande",sans-serif;
    font-size: 13px;
    margin: 0;
    padding: 8px;
    -webkit-appearance: textfield;
    -moz-appearance: textfield
}
 
.WikiaForm .input-group [type='text']:focus,.WikiaForm .input-group [type='url']:focus,.WikiaForm .input-group [type='password']:focus,.WikiaForm .input-group [type='email']:focus,.WikiaForm .input-group textarea:focus {
    background-color: #525151
}
 
.WikiaForm .input-group [type='text']::-webkit-input-placeholder,.WikiaForm .input-group [type='text']:-moz-placeholder,.WikiaForm .input-group [type='text'].placeholder,.WikiaForm .input-group [type='url']::-webkit-input-placeholder,.WikiaForm .input-group [type='url']:-moz-placeholder,.WikiaForm .input-group [type='url'].placeholder,.WikiaForm .input-group [type='password']::-webkit-input-placeholder,.WikiaForm .input-group [type='password']:-moz-placeholder,.WikiaForm .input-group [type='password'].placeholder,.WikiaForm .input-group [type='email']::-webkit-input-placeholder,.WikiaForm .input-group [type='email']:-moz-placeholder,.WikiaForm .input-group [type='email'].placeholder,.WikiaForm .input-group textarea::-webkit-input-placeholder,.WikiaForm .input-group textarea:-moz-placeholder,.WikiaForm .input-group textarea.placeholder {
    color: #8e8d8d
}
 
.WikiaForm .input-group [type='text'].error,.WikiaForm .input-group [type='url'].error,.WikiaForm .input-group [type='password'].error,.WikiaForm .input-group [type='email'].error,.WikiaForm .input-group textarea.error {
    border: 2px solid #ff3333
}
 
.WikiaForm .input-group label {
    display: block;
    line-height: 15px;
    margin: 0 0 5px
}
 
.WikiaForm .input-group label .sprite {
    margin: -4px 0 0 3px
}
 
.WikiaForm .input-group strong {
    font-weight: bold
}
 
.WikiaForm .input-group.error,.WikiaForm .input-group.success {
    border-radius: 3px;
    background-color: #626161
}
 
.WikiaForm .input-group.error .error-msg,.WikiaForm .input-group.success .error-msg {
    color: #aa1111;
    font-size: 11px;
    margin-top: 5px
}
 
.WikiaForm .input-group.error .success-msg,.WikiaForm .input-group.success .success-msg {
    color: #b5e3b5;
    font-size: 11px;
    margin-top: 5px
}
 
.WikiaForm .input-group.error label {
    color: #aa1111
}
 
.WikiaForm .input-group.general-errors .error-msg {
    margin-top: 0
}
 
.WikiaForm .spacer {
    clear: both
}
 
.WikiaForm [type='submit'].link {
    background: none;
    border: 0;
    border-radius: 0;
    color: #70b8ff;
    line-height: 13px;
    padding: 0
}
 
.WikiaForm [type='submit'].link:hover {
    text-decoration: underline
}
 
.WikiaForm .submits {
    padding: 0 7px
}
 
.modalWrapper .input-group {
    padding-left: 0;
    padding-right: 0
}
 
.modalWrapper .input-group select {
    min-width: 130px
}
 
.UserStatsMenu {
    background: #474646;
    display: none;
    color: #70b8ff;
    font-size: 12px
}
 
/*.UserStatsMenu .info controls the message box when user clicks on another user from user list.*/
.UserStatsMenu .info {
    zoom:1;background: #4f5c6b;
    line-height: 15px;
    padding: 5px;
    color: #70b8ff;
    position: relative
}
 
.UserStatsMenu .info:after {
    clear: both;
    content: " ";
    display: block;
    height: 0;
    color: #70b8ff;
    overflow: hidden;
    visibility: hidden
}
 
.UserStatsMenu .info img {
    border: 1px solid #6b6a6a;
    float: left
}
 
.UserStatsMenu .info ul {
    list-style: none;
    margin: 0;
    color: #70b8ff;
    margin-left: 32px
}
 
.UserStatsMenu .info ul li {
    line-height: 15px;
    margin: 0;
    color: #70b8ff;
    overflow: hidden;
    white-space: nowrap
}
 
.UserStatsMenu .info ul .username {
    font-size: 13px;
    /*color: #8e8d8d;*/
    color: #70b8ff;
    font-weight: bold;
    margin-bottom: 2px
}
 
.UserStatsMenu .actions ul {
    list-style: none;
    margin: 5px 0
}
 
/*.UserStatsMenu .actions controls the actions for the selected user from the userlist.*/
.UserStatsMenu .actions ul li {
    color: #70b8ff;
    cursor: pointer;
    margin: 0;
    padding: 5px 10px;
    line-height: 16px;
    white-space: nowrap
}
 
.UserStatsMenu .actions ul li a {
    color: #70b8ff
}
 
.UserStatsMenu .actions ul li a:hover {
    text-decoration: none
}
 
.UserStatsMenu .actions ul li .icon {
    background-color: transparent;
    background-image: url("http://slot1.images.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb1438278992/common/extensions/wikia/Chat2/images/sprite-Chat.png");
    background-repeat: no-repeat;
    display: inline-block;
    height: 18px;
    opacity: .4;
    width: 19px
}
 
.UserStatsMenu .actions ul li .label {
    padding-left: 5px
}
 
.UserStatsMenu .actions ul li.message-wall .icon,.UserStatsMenu .actions ul li.talk-page .icon {
    background-position: -521px 0px
}
 
.UserStatsMenu .actions ul li.contribs .icon {
    background-position: -397px 0px
}
 
.UserStatsMenu .actions ul li.private .icon {
    background-position: -583px 0px
}
 
.UserStatsMenu .actions ul li.private-block .icon {
    background-position: -641px 0px
}
 
.UserStatsMenu .actions ul li.give-chat-mod .icon {
    background-position: -335px 0px
}
 
.UserStatsMenu .actions ul li.kick .icon {
    background-position: -459px 0px
}
 
.UserStatsMenu .actions ul li.ban .icon {
    background-position: -273px 0px
}
 
.UserStatsMenu .actions ul li:hover {
    background-color: #4f5c6b
}
 
.UserStatsMenu .actions ul li:hover .icon {
    opacity: .7
}
 
.UserStatsMenu .actions ul li:hover.message-wall .icon,.UserStatsMenu .actions ul li:hover.talk-page .icon {
    background-position: -490px 0px
}
 
.UserStatsMenu .actions ul li:hover.contribs .icon {
    background-position: -366px 0px
}
 
.UserStatsMenu .actions ul li:hover.private .icon {
    background-position: -552px 0px
}
 
.UserStatsMenu .actions ul li:hover.private-block .icon {
    background-position: -614px 0px
}
 
.UserStatsMenu .actions ul li:hover.give-chat-mod .icon {
    background-position: -304px 0px
}
 
.UserStatsMenu .actions ul li:hover.kick .icon {
    background-position: -428px 0px
}
 
.UserStatsMenu .actions ul li:hover.ban .icon {
    background-position: -242px 0px
}
 
.UserStatsMenu .actions .separator {
    margin: 5px;
    border: 0;
    border-top: #6b6a6a 1px solid
}
 
.popover .UserStatsMenu {
    display: block
}
 
.ChatWindow .UserStatsMenu {
    box-shadow: 0 0 12px 0 #1a1a1a;
    border: 3px solid #1a1a1a;
    position: absolute;
    z-index: 100
}
 
body {
    background: #1a1a1a;
    color: #d5d4d4;
    font-family: Consolas,Lucida Console,Courier New,Courier,monospace;
    font-size: 13px;
    height: 100%;
    margin: 0
}
 
body.warn .Chat {
    bottom: 70px
}
 
body.warn .remaining {
    display: block
}
 
body.limit-near .remaining {
    color: #e59393
}
 
body.limit-reached .remaining {
    color: #ff3333
}
 
body .remaining {
    display: none;
    line-height: 25px;
    position: absolute;
    top: -25px;
    right: 5px
}
 
textarea {
    font: inherit;
    font-family: Consolas,Lucida Console,Courier New,Courier,monospace;
    line-height: normal
}
 
body.on-prod {
    background-color: yellow
}
 
body.on-prod:before {
    content: "==NOTE:CONNECTED TO PROD NODE SERVER =="
}
 
a {
    color: #70b8ff
}
 
a:hover {
    text-decoration: underline
}
 
.wordmark {
    color: #70b8ff;
    font-size: 20px;
    line-height: 40px;
    margin-right: 150px;
    overflow: hidden;
    padding-left: 5px;
    text-overflow: ellipsis;
    white-space: nowrap
}
 
.wordmark img {
    margin-top: 5px
}
 
.wordmark a:hover {
    text-decoration: none
}
 
/*.ChatHeader functionality: Unknown*/
.ChatHeader {
    background-color: #474646;
    border: 1px solid #6b6a6a;
    border-top-left-radius: 5px;
    border-top-right-radius: 5px;
    height: 40px;
    margin: 10px;
    position: relative;
    /*color: #70b8ff;*/
}
 
/*.ChatHeader .User controls the information to be parsed onto the main chat screen; mainly the username.*/
.ChatHeader .User {
    border-left: 1px solid #6b6a6a;
    height: 26px;
    padding-bottom: 2px;
    padding-top: 2px;
    position: absolute;
    right: 0;
    top: 5px;
    width: 113px;
    color: #70b8ff;
}
 
.ChatHeader .User img {
    vertical-align: middle
}
 
.ChatHeader .User .username {
    font-weight: bold;
    color: #cccccc !important;
}
 
.ChatHeader .User.chat-mod .username:after,.ChatHeader .User.staff .username:after {
    top: 1px
}
 
.ChatHeader .private {
    font-size: 16px;
    color: #cccccc;
    font-weight: bold;
    line-height: 45px;
    padding: 0 5px
}
 
.User {
    font-size: 11px;
    padding: 7px 5px 7px 32px;
    position: relative;
    color: #cccccc !important;
}
 
.User.away {
    color: #8e8d8d
}
 
.User.away .status {
    display: inline
}
 
.User img {
    border: 1px solid #6b6a6a;
    height: 22px;
    position: absolute;
    left: 5px;
    vertical-align: middle;
    width: 22px
}
 
/*.User .username controls the userlist field on the right but on the first line.*/
.User .username {
    display: block;
    margin-right: 15px;
    overflow: hidden;
    text-overflow: ellipsis;
    white-space: nowrap;
    color: #70b8ff;
}
 
.User .username:after {
    content: '';
    height: 15px;
    position: absolute;
    right: 5px;
    top: 5px;
    width: 15px
}
 
.User.chat-mod .username:after,.User.staff .username:after {
    background-color: transparent;
    background-image: url("http://slot1.images.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb1438278992/common/extensions/wikia/Chat2/images/sprite-Chat.png");
    background-repeat: no-repeat
}
 
.User.chat-mod .username:after {
    background-position: -101px 0px
}
 
.User.staff .username:after {
    background-position: -154px 0px
}
 
/*.User .details controls the information shown in the user list on the second line. e.g if they are away or not.*/
.User .details {
    font-size: 11px;
    color: #888;
    font-style: italic
}
 
.User .status {
    display: none
}
 
.User .UserStatsMenu {
    display: none
}
 
#WikiaPage {
    background-color: #474646;
    border: 1px solid #6b6a6a;
    border-bottom-left-radius: 5px;
    border-bottom-right-radius: 5px;
    bottom: 10px;
    color: #d5d4d4;
    left: 10px;
    margin: 0;
    position: absolute;
    right: 10px;
    top: 55px
}
 
.Chat {
    border-right: 1px solid #6b6a6a;
    border-bottom: 1px solid #6b6a6a;
    bottom: 50px;
    left: 0;
    line-height: 1.4em;
    overflow: auto;
    position: absolute;
    right: 150px;
    top: 0;
    /* background: url('http://i.imgur.com/Oh3i8SQ.png;'); sets background image */
    /* background-repeat: no-repeat;
    background-size: cover;  Allows stretching of any background images to fit */
}
 
.Chat ul {
    bottom: 0
}
 
.Chat li {
    min-height: 32px;
    padding: 18px 15px 16px 55px;
    position: relative;
    /*background-color: white; These sets the chat texts' background.
    background-color: #333;
    opacity: 0.9; opacity settings mainly for background-color */
}
 
.Chat .continued {
    margin-bottom: -15px;
    min-height: 0;
    padding-top: 0;
    top: -15px
}
 
.Chat .continued .avatar {
    display: none
}
 
.Chat .continued .username {
    display: none
}
 
.Chat .continued .time {
    display: none
}
 
.Chat .avatar {
    border: 1px solid #6b6a6a;
    left: 15px;
    position: absolute;
    top: 20px
}
 
/* .Chat .username controls the username shown ...*/
.Chat .username {
    display: block;
    color: #70b8ff;
    font-weight: bold;
}
 
.Chat .username:after {
    content: ":"
}
 
/* .Chat .time controls the timestamp shown to the right of the screen.*/
.Chat .time {
    color: #70b8ff;
    float: right;
    font-size: 12px
}
 
.Chat .message {
    white-space: pre-line;
}
 
.Chat ul li .message {
    color: #CCC;
}

.Chat ul li .ping {
	color: #FF0000 !important;
}
 
.Chat ul li .message a {
    color: #70b8ff !important; 
}
 
.Chat .me-message {
    color: #CCC;
}
 
/*.Chat .inline-alert controls any alerts such as welcome banners.*/
.Chat .inline-alert {
    /*color: #8e8d8d;*/
    color:#70b8ff;
    font-weight: bold;
    min-height: 0;
    padding-bottom: 10px;
    padding-top: 10px;
    /*text-align: center;*/
    text-align: left;
}
 
/*.Chat .inline-alert:before controls anything to prepend the .Chat .inline-alert message.*/
.Chat .inline-alert:before {
    /* content: "~ ";*/
    content: "! ";
    color: red;
}
 
/*.Chat .inline-alert:after controls anything to append the .Chat .inliine-alert message */
.Chat .inline-alert:after {
    /*content: " ~";*/
    content: "";
    color: #70b8ff;
}
 
.Chat .you {
    background: #222;
}
 
.Write {
    bottom: 0;
    height: 45px;
    left: 0;
    line-height: 30px;
    padding-left: 55px;
    padding-right: 55px; /* Needed for ChatHacks/ChatOptions */
    position: absolute;
    right: 150px;
}
 
.Write.blocked {
    opacity: .3
}
 
.Write img {
    border: 1px solid #6b6a6a;
    left: 7px;
    position: absolute
}
 
.Write [name="message"] {
    background-color: transparent;
    border: 0;
    color: #d5d4d4;
    height: 100%;
    line-height: 1.4em;
    margin: 0;
    outline: none;
    padding: 0;
    resize: none;
    width: 100%
}
 
.Write .message {
    background-color: #545353;
    border: 1px solid #6b6a6a;
    box-sizing: border-box;
    height: 3.3em;
    padding: 2px;
    position: relative
}
 
.Write input[type="submit"] {
    display: none
}
 
.Rail {
    bottom: 0;
    overflow-y: auto;
    position: absolute;
    right: 0;
    top: 0;
    width: 150px
}
 
.Rail .User {
    padding-left: 47px;
    min-height: 22px
}
 
.Rail .User:hover {
    background: #4f5c6b;
    cursor: pointer
}
 
.Rail .User img {
    left: 20px
}
 
.Rail h1 {
    margin: 5px 0
}
 
.Rail .public {
    height: 30px;
    line-height: 30px;
    padding: 3px 0 3px 13px;
    text-overflow: ellipsis
}

/* Arrow markers to reveal if user list should be visible or not. Here is with the user list visible */
.Rail .public .chevron {
    border-width: 5px;
    border-color: #70b8ff transparent transparent;
    border-style: solid;
    cursor: pointer;
    display: none;
    height: 0;
    left: 3px;
    margin: 0;
    position: absolute;
    top: 20px;
    width: 0;
    vertical-align: middle
}
 
/* Arrow markers to reveal if user list should be visible or not. Here is with the user list invisible */
.Rail .public .chevron.closed {
    border-color: transparent transparent transparent #70b8ff;
    left: 6px;
    top: 17px
}
 
.Rail .public .wordmark {
    margin: 0;
    vertical-align: middle
}
 
.Rail .private {
    background-color: #636262;
    background-image: -moz-linear-gradient(top,#4e4d4d 0,#636262 100%);
    background-image: -webkit-gradient(linear,0% 0%,0% 100%,color-stop(0,#4e4d4d),color-stop(100%,#636262));
    background-image: -o-linear-gradient(top,#4e4d4d 0,#636262 100%);
    background-image: -ms-linear-gradient(top,#4e4d4d 0,#636262 100%);
    border-top: 1px solid #787777;
    border-bottom: 1px solid #787777;
    font-size: 11px;
    padding: 3px 2px 2px;
    display: none
}
 
.Rail .selected {
    box-shadow: inset 0 0 7px 0 black;
    background: #4f5c6b
}
 
.Rail .selected .splotch {
    display: none
}
 
.Rail .unread .splotch {
    display: block
}
 
.Rail .unread .username:after {
    display: none
}
 
.Rail .blocked {
    opacity: .3
}
 
.Rail .splotch {
    background-color: #dc0d0e;
    background-image: -moz-linear-gradient(top,#e63031 0,#dc0d0e 50%,#e63031 100%);
    background-image: -webkit-gradient(linear,0% 0%,0% 100%,color-stop(0,#e63031),color-stop(50%,#dc0d0e),color-stop(100%,#e63031));
    background-image: -o-linear-gradient(top,#e63031 0,#dc0d0e 50%,#e63031 100%);
    background-image: -ms-linear-gradient(top,#e63031 0,#dc0d0e 50%,#e63031 100%);
    background-clip: padding-box;
    border: 1px solid white;
    border-radius: 10px;
    color: white;
    display: none;
    font-size: 9px;
    height: 12px;
    line-height: 13px;
    padding: 0 2px;
    position: absolute;
    right: 3px;
    text-align: center;
    top: 16px;
    min-width: 8px
}
 
.PrivateChatList .splotch {
    top: 6px
}
 
/* unvisited link */
a:link {
    color: #70b8ff !important;
}
 
/* visited link */
a:visited {
    color: #70b8ff !important;
}
 
/* mouse over link */
a:hover {
    color: blue !important;
}
 
/* selected link */
a:active {
    color: #70b8ff !important;
}

/* ChatOptions.js customisations */
#chatOptionsButton {
    color: #70b8ff;
}

#sidebar-top {
    color: #70b8ff;
}

#pingspan {
    position: fixed !important;
    margin-left: 5px !important;
    font-size: 13px !important;
}

/* ChatTopic fixes */
.chattopic {
    margin: 10px 113px 0px 115px;
    vertical-align: middle;
    text-align: center;
    z-index: 0;
    font-size: 13px;
    height: 18px;
    overflow-y: hidden !important;
}

/* WikiaPage fixes */
#WikiaPage {
    width: auto !important;
}

/* ignore list */
.Chat li [data-user="Mina-san -haifuri-"] { display: none; }
</pre>
</div>
{{clear}}
==Further reading==
* [http://dragonball.wikia.com/wiki/User_blog:The_Cerebral_Assassin/Chat_Hacks_For_Dummies Chat Hacks For Dummies by The Cerebral Assassin via Dragonball wikia page]
* [http://community.wikia.com/wiki/Help:Advanced_CSS_and_JS Help:Advanced CSS and JS page on Community Central]
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Guide]]