It's been a while ever since I asked if I was ready for the event. I've been quite anxious since I've only started a little over a month ago and this is going to be my first event.

I've been really grinding a lot these past few weeks, so I think I'm getting near to getting ready for the event. I'm missing a few ships here and there, but generally, I'm happy with my progress. 

I don't plan to stop grinding though. Which leads me to the question, am I ready? If I can choose a difficulty, I'd probably choose Easy, unless there's some event ships only for the higher difficulties (by this I mean like if you clear E-5 you get this certain ship only if you clear it in hard).
==HQ and Resources==
HQ Level: 65

Resources: Hovering around softcap (17000)

Buckets: 205
==Ships==
Only 30+ ships, ships with full modernization or ships currently under training. All are fully modernized except for AA.

DD: Ushio K2 (66), Yuudachi K2 (59), Shigure K (57), Hibiki K (53), Hatsushimo K (45), Samidare K (44)

CL: Jintsuu K2 (60), Naka K2 (50)

CLT*: Kitakami K (30)

CA: Myoukou K2 (70), Haguro (21)

CVL: Ryuujou K (62)

FBB: Kongou K2 (78), Hiei K2 (75), Kirishima K2 (78)

BBV: Fusou (15), Hyuuga K (29)

CV: Souryuu K (76), Shoukaku K (50), Kaga K (46), Akagi (30)

SS**: I-168 K (56), I-58 K (53)

* People keep telling me to use Ooi. Problem is, I don't have Ooi.

** I have a lot of SS, but only of these two. All of them are non-kai and around level 30 - 40.

For equipment I just get what I get when I K2 my ships. I don't craft equipment at all due to the fact I allot my resources to either grinding or crafting new ships.
[[Category:Blog posts]]