''Before I start please do not question my wording, I call this prophecy, leave me alone.''

I was rebuilding my personal website, and organizing all my copies of "master data", ones which I ripped all the way back to my first attempts at decoding. The earliest working copy I can find is from April 23, 2014, exactly 11 months ago.

I know I downloaded March 2014 copies as well, however, these copies before April will not work because by that time, there was a large API overhaul. Since it's dated April 23 birthday of kancolle, I think they will be doing another overhaul this 2015, probably on its birthday as well.

This means us decoders will need to figure out the structure once again, hopefully retaining all the useful data. We've seen API revisions wherein some data like {{Evasion}} {{LOS}} and {{ASW}} are removed, thus we cannot rip the stats on the spot during updates.

If the devs really do update the API on April, and if we're unfortunate, more data will be lost in the master file. Worse, there will be no more stats included, and we can only show pictures. Even worse, the whole API is encrypted like most of the new DMM games of today, where we cannot really rip it.

TBH when this happens, I'm too tired to work on it. As many already know I haven't been playing outside of events. My 100k+ resource go way back Fall 2014, didn't go up, didn't go down. I only re-opened the game for Winter 2015, but now I have retired yet again.

I have lost interest and I've just been staying here on the wiki for news. My 1 of 4 moyoukos kai ni'd, no recent DD kai nis, [[Maya]] and [[Choukai]] was untouched, half a year of blueprints opportunity lost, I haven't even 99'd my yuu-chan.

Right now I just want a peaceful corner for my own world. I hope other decoders will continue doing rips, continuing viewers and translations. Though if devs don't really do an API overhaul, that's a different story, we'll see how it goes.

Many can argue that devs will not do it, ''it's working now why would they update'', ''their server will not be able to handle it'', and so on. I am not convincing anyone that this will happen and I am not asking you to believe. This is merely a blog post, my ramblings. Do not take my word for it. Don't take this seriously. I've seen enough criticism these days. Ignore if you will.
[[Category:Blog posts]]