=KC3改二=
''Your favorite KanColle extension evolved once again''

KC3改二 is a viewer for [http://www.dmm.com/netgame/social/-/gadgets/=/app_id=854854/ Kantai Collection] containing useful tools to help you play the game

<div style="font-size:18px;">[https://github.com/KC3Kai/KC3KaiNi View GitHub Project]</div>


==Installation==
All ports are FREE, and everything included within

* '''Chrome''': [https://github.com/KC3Kai/KC3KaiNi Install extension via WebStore]
* '''Firefox''': [https://github.com/KC3Kai/KC3KaiNi Install Add-On]
* '''Chromium-based''': [https://github.com/KC3Kai/KC3KaiNi Download CRX]
* '''Windows''': [https://github.com/KC3Kai/KC3KaiNi Download]
* '''Mac''': [https://github.com/KC3Kai/KC3KaiNi Download]
* '''Linux'''*: [https://github.com/KC3Kai/KC3KaiNi Download]


==Updating==
===Chrome===
Chrome extensions automatically update via Chrome's *5-hour interval rechecking. You can just wait for it, but mind the time it is scheduled since it _may_ auto-close your game, or some functions may bug out if it updates in the background.

* Go to the Chrome's extensions page (<code>chrome://extensions</code>)
* Check the '''Developer Mode''' tickbox
* Click on '''Update extensions now''' button
* Wait until KC3改 restarts or the version number changed in the extensions list

Sometimes, if we ask for additional permissions from your Chrome, it will become disabled, you just need to re-enable them and allow new permissions, but '''do not re-install''' it. Reinstalling will clear all your history.

===Firefox===
* ~
* ~

===Other===
* '''Chromium-based''': Re-download package from link in ''Installation'' section
* '''Windows''': Re-download package from link in ''Installation'' section
* '''Mac''': Re-download package from link in ''Installation'' section
* '''Linux''': Re-download package from link in ''Installation'' section


==Usage Documentation==
We have created an entire website to document how you can use the application on each of the ports. It is maintained in another repository in GitHub.

* [https://github.com/KC3Kai/KC3KaiNi View documentation on the KC3 website]


==Changelog==
We do not have a consolidated log of all changes that we make to the application. Our presentation layer for a list of changes for each version is done through GitHub's Pull Request system.

* [https://github.com/KC3Kai/KC3KaiNi View list of Releases on GitHub]


==Community==
===Chat===
We'd love to hear your thoughts about the app, comments and suggestions, join us in a discord channel
* [http://discord.me/kancolle Join KanColle Channel]
* [https://discordapp.com/channels/118339803660943369/205766705463427072 KC3改Sub Channel <code>#kc3-kai</code>]
* If you have a GitHub account, [https://gitter.im/KC3Kai/Public join us on Gitter]

===Social Media===
* [https://www.facebook.com/kc3kai/ Like our Facebook page]
** See and comment on features being developed before they are released
** Message the page for any questions, or request for support
* [https://twitter.com/kc3kai Follow on twitter] (''inactive'')


==Credits==
See <code>LICENSE</code> and <code>CONTRIBUTORS.md</code> files on GitHub
===Active Contributors===
* ~
* ~

===Third-party Assets===
* ~
* ~
[[Category:Blog posts]]