<p class="MsoNormal">With the release of opening ASW strike, I have seen some players falling for misconceptions. I’ll try to correct those, and provide a short analysis to show how we can best utilize this new mechanic.</p>
==='''1-)Reaching an ASW stat of 100 won’t make you oneshot enemies necessarily.'''===
<p class="MsoNormal">Being able to shoot before oscar fires his/her torpedo on you indeed feels like a good thing. But reaching an ASW stat of 100 won’t guarantee that you’ll be able to finish all your enemies. This trap is easy to fall into especially when using high-asw ships, such as Asashio K2D. Let’s see it more clearly:</p>

<p class="MsoNormal">ASW damage = (2 <span lang="JA" style="font-family:"MS Mincho"; mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;mso-fareast-font-family: "MS Mincho";mso-fareast-theme-font:minor-fareast;mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri; mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin">×</span> <span lang="JA" style="font-family: "MS Mincho";mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin; mso-fareast-font-family:"MS Mincho";mso-fareast-theme-font:minor-fareast; mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin">√</span>(Ship ASW) + 1.5 <span lang="JA" style="font-family:"MS Mincho";mso-ascii-font-family: Calibri;mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;mso-fareast-font-family:"MS Mincho"; mso-fareast-theme-font:minor-fareast;mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;mso-hansi-theme-font: minor-latin">×</span> Equipment ASW + ASW Upgrades + Type) <span lang="JA" style="font-family:"MS Mincho";mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri; mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;mso-fareast-font-family:"MS Mincho"; mso-fareast-theme-font:minor-fareast;mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;mso-hansi-theme-font: minor-latin">×</span> Bonus</p>

<p class="MsoNormal">If you give a lvl 99 Asashio 1xT93 Sonar and 1xT94 DC, she will have 100 ASW stat. But her damage will be ; (2*<span lang="JA" style="font-family: "MS Mincho";mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin; mso-fareast-font-family:"MS Mincho";mso-fareast-theme-font:minor-fareast; mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin">√</span>89 + 1,5*11 + 0 + 13) *1,15 = 55,6 which will be 72,3 in line abreast. You can hardly sink tough submarines with this.</p>

<p class="MsoNormal">Whereas if you give a lvl 95 Hibiki 2xT3 Sonar and 1xT3 DC, she will have 100 ASW stat as well. But she will hit (2*<span lang="JA" style="font-family:"MS Mincho";mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;mso-ascii-theme-font: minor-latin;mso-fareast-font-family:"MS Mincho";mso-fareast-theme-font:minor-fareast; mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin">√</span>72 + 1,5*28 + 0 + 13) *1,15 = 82,8 which will reach daytime cap with 102 dmg(capped) in line abreast.</p>

<p class="MsoNormal">
</p>

<p class="MsoNormal">Also note that our DDs are usually unable to reach daytime ASW dmg cap in head-on, unless you’ve a lot of T4 sonars.</p>

<p class="MsoNormal">''If you are planning to make a ship utilize opening ASW strike, make sure she can do enough damage to at least sink most of the enemies.''</p>

<p class="MsoNormal">
</p>
==='''2-)Who should have my best ASW equipment?'''===
<p class="MsoNormal">When you are fighting against anything except submarine princess, it doesn’t matter. Do whatever you like.</p>

<p class="MsoNormal">But when you are fighting against submarine princess, it will be better to give them to whoever can utilize opening ASW strike. But if someone can reach daytime cap while having 100 ASW stat without your best equips, save them for other ships.</p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><u>Try to have as many ships which meet these criteria as possible:</u></p>


*Can reach daytime cap (especially against [[Submarine Princess|the one with 2 plugs on her back]])
*Can utilize opening ASW strike for an extra blow.
<p class="MsoNormal">
</p>

<p class="MsoNormal">This is all. The rest is equipment management, and it totally depends on you, and which equipments/ships you have.</p>

<p class="MsoNormal">
</p>

<p class="MsoNormal">To read more on how to reach daytime ASW cap : [http://User blog:AbsoluteLuck/In depth analysis of ASW http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/User_blog:AbsoluteLuck/In_depth_analysis_of_ASW]</p>

<p class="MsoNormal">To know what level your ships need to reach 100 ASW : http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Sandbox/List_of_ships_by_combat_performance#Opening_ASW</p>

<p class="MsoNormal">If you are having problems with damage calculations, then you can just use this : https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B_tIbAkxptdbTlJEaUxYbXpPTUU/view?usp=sharing</p>
[[Category:Blog posts]]