This part is totally from experience.



'''1)''' Not having enough information about the game mechanics.
*Simply not reading the wiki
*Not bothering to search deeply into the game mechanisms
*Having poor english/japanese so being unable to understand the current information
'''2)''' Being unable to organize a fleet or equipment setup
*Because they didn't have enough information about the game mechanics. (See above)
*Not checking the enemies of the map
*Indecisiveness
*Lack of experience (of the admiral).
'''3)''' Not having ships/equipments good enough to sortie
*This is what happens when you skip a class such as CAV or don't build Reppuus
*Ships with insufficient levels
*Not having the ships which devs chose for a special branching
'''4)''' Not being able to understand the difference between "Frontlining" and "Rushing like an idiot" in events.

'''5)''' Poor resources management
*Not preparing enough resources and buckets for a mission is the biggest reason of failure.
*Simply spending too much (like sparkle,send support all the nodes or overuse Yamato class)
*Using buckets for like 30 min repairs.
'''6)''' Simply RNG being mean against them.
*Being sent to the wrong node
*Getting a hard composition like 90% of the time when there is an easier alternative...
*Getting taiha in the 1st node
*Getting taiha in the 2nd node
*Getting taiha in the preboss node (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻ ︵ ┻━┻ ︵ ┻━┻
*Getting so much damage until the boss and thus not having enough power to kill it
*Carriers losing all their bombers and refusing to attack
*Carriers getting chuuha
*BBs refusing to target the enemy flagship, they love enemy DDs
*Weak ships targetting heavy ships and doing scratch damage when they could kill a DD/CL instead.
*Enemies dodging like they are pro at [https://youtu.be/4Nb5Ohbt1Sg?t=4m23s danmaku]
*Enemies triggering contact on you
*Not being able to kill some enemies so they fire torpedoes at you...
*Those echelon subs...
*Getting 2 taihas in the same node so FCF won't work
*Not having enough DDs to escort your damaged ships in combined fleets
*Escorting 4 ships from your 2nd fleet and therefore dealing 0 dmg at night.
*Support expeditions not triggering
*Support expeditions missing (ノಠ益ಠ)ノ彡┻━┻   [http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20141121175143/kancolle/images/5/5e/KanColle-141119-22164874.png This happens often]
*Support expeditions not hitting enough (enemy DD with 1 hp left)
*Boss always attacking your best ships and disabling them
*Your ships failing to kill all the trashes until the night battle
*No one targeting the enemy at night battle ┻━┻ ︵ヽ(`Д´)ﾉ︵﻿ ┻━┻
*Entering the night battle with 6 healty ships and only the boss, and all of them fail to kill her.
*Ships refusing to do their cut-in even with searchlight/star shell/skilled lookouts.
*Your most powerful ships getting taiha at night battle.
*[http://img4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20150902084940/kancolle/images/6/61/FUCK.gif Salt overload]
*Not landing a critical hit
*Getting a bad armor roll
*Not being able to drop a ship after 400 tries
*Unsuccessful LSC attempts which are a huge resource sink
*Seeing things like [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/File:Image_2015-08-31_11-26-30.png these] from other admirals
'''7)''' Random Catbombs (not really random in the 1st day of the event though...)

'''8)''' Personal luck, I guess? about things unrelated to the game.
*Getting their power cut off by the municipality for "energy saving" BS (happens here quite often...)
*Losing their internet connection (stupid ISP, this happens here often too!)
*Their PC crashing/rebooting itself (I believe i only have this issue during an event...)
*Firefox/chrome crashing
*Getting sick during an event. (Oh, how sad)
*Vacation or similar reasons preventing you from playing the game
*Being busy, like too much work.
*Family issues ( ??? )
*Experiencing a hurricane in Hawaii  (The next one is a meteor I believe)
*Windows 10
*Lazyness
9) Making things hard on their own
*Choosing Hard mode when it doesn't worth it
*Using CTF instead of STF when its clear that STF is more advantageous (or vice versa)
*Simply being a masochist
*Using non modernized ships
*Giving up too early. Failing 30 times in a row is not a reason to give up. But you will fall into despair.
*Maybe fighting is not [http://orig15.deviantart.net/fa41/f/2015/043/b/8/inazuma_flail_her_arms_by_fizzle_knight-d8hrlrl.jpg the right option]
10) Dev trolls
*Putting 2 Wo Kais in preboss isn't the most sadistic thing at all, yep. Have 1 more before that.
*4 way shiplocks with 4 combined fleet mechanisms, oh yeah!
*333 Armor enemy ship as a boss. This is only a ship dammit! Not a mountain.
*Making players move around and kill random bosses for some slight critical chance...
*Giving us more tricky ships like hayasui. Because, why not?
*More rare ships as drops... ／人◕ ‿‿ ◕人＼﻿
*Forcing the players to do Medium difficulty on a map with "[[Aircraft Carrier Princess|#1 Bitch of all time]]" as the boss - or no Kai Ni for you.
11) Being kuso and sinking ships. <-- This is unforgivable.





So after reading all of this, I hope you will be ready to experience upcoming <strike>saltfests</strike> events. Thanks for all those who helped me create this work by simply having these experiences ( I therefore salute you with respect o7 ).



Thanks for your replies. Please share your <strike>salt</strike> experience so we can learn from them.
[[Category:Blog posts]]