I feel like people blame rng too much and fail to see the ways that they can improve their fleet...

So here is what I learned on E7 that allowed me to go from horrible win rate, to almost reliably S-ranking the boss node on E7.  Some can probably be applied to other maps. Some is E7 specific..

1)  In terms of sparkling, the only important ships to sparkle for me were: 2DD+CL in escort fleet, first 4 ships in Node support, flagship of boss support fleet, so only 8 ships.  I also sparkled the CVs sometimes to raise the experience on the bombers, but it didn't seem necessary.

2) Node support is CRUCIAL on this map.  Why? My escort fleet has super high evasion and an invulnerable flagship (no need to retreat if flag gets taihad), while my main fleet has lower evasion. Almost every failed run was either closing torps during the escort engagement, or shelling against my lower evasion main fleet.  In particular on node M, wiping out wo kai with/before the first main fleet attack was the key to victory... If she had chance to shell, my chances to win became quite crappy. Getting >> on your bombers is also helpful, though hard to protect.

3) By same token as #2, the main focus of escort fleet is to maximize damage output.  I tried using Hayasui as flag and Akizuki as flag for AA defense, but this did not work at all because the important thing was to wipe wo kai out before shelling against main fleet.  Using Myoukou instead proved to increase my damage just enough that Wo Kai wasnt getting that chance to shell on my main fleet any more. :x

4) Protect the >> bombers.. Always put your highest ranked bombers in the largest slots as they will lose everything when they get wiped. Anything below 30 should be lower ranked bombers.. Even 30+ slots can get wiped out sometimes by Tsu class, and then you lose a significant amount of airstrike damage.

5) By same toke as #2, I found all out battle formation (cruising formation 4, lower right) to be helpful on node M as it helped guarantee that Wo would not get chance to shell against my main fleet. On other nodes, Cruising formation 2 (upper right) was sufficient for this.

6) When sent to B node with carrier task force, just retreat after the fight.  The evasion drain from fuel loss is too great to be worth continuing. If you're only sparkling the ships in #1, the morale hit isn't bad enough to continue just for morale.

I'll add more later.. but this is what I've had time to put so far.
[[Category:Blog posts]]