For a while I've been doing 2-5 with CL+3DD+BB(V)+FBB.

This appears to always go A-D-H-L always (despite wiki saying I have random chance to deadend), and is pretty cheap/manageable.

But I have problem that even with starshell+searchlight+sparkling, I get wrecked at night battle a LOT.. so I'm kind of try to find a more consistent, yet still cheap comp. Will post results here. 8)

2CLT+2DD+CL+SSV:

Attempt 1: B (Shigure wrecked by closing torps)

Attempt 2: B-E-H-L (center route, 3 battle including boss)

Attempt 3: B-E-H-L again <3

Attempt 4: A-D-H-L

2CLT,CL,DD,SSV,CV

Attempt 1: B-F

Attempt 2: B-E

ANNND Now I've realized, 2CA(V)+2DD+2CVL seems to be the way to go. O.o

Gonna see if I can replace a CA(V) with CL for Naka. xD

Indeed CL+CA+2DD+2CVL works fine and goes same BEHL path.

CL+CLT+2DD+2CVL went BEHL twice in a row so far as well. :) yay third branch rule wiki lists that i broke on 2-5. xD

2CLT+2DD+2CVL went BEIL (south route, 4 battles).. T_T

SSV+CLT+2DD+2CVL went BEHL (center route, 3 battles). <3

SS+CLT+2DD+2CVL went BEIL (south route, 4 battles).. T_T

SSV+CLT+2DD+2CVL went BEIL (south route, 4 battles).. T_T, guess it's random with this comp.. :(

CA+CLT+2DD+2CVL went BEIL (south route, 4 battles)

'''CONCLUSION:'''

Best fleet for me is CL+CLT+2DD+2CVL (always goes BEHL path with 3 battles, tried 30+ times).

'''UPDATE:'''

Tried CL+CLT+CAV+2DD+CVL and went BEHL (center route, 3 battles). <3 Seems to always work so far. :) I think this is new best 2-5 fleet for me. <3

Watching a stream saw, 2CA+2DD+CLT+CVL and it appeared to always go BEHL (center route, 3 battles).

'''UPDATE:'''

Sounds like 3CVL+2DD+CL works as well. :o Will try this.
[[Category:Blog posts]]