Compilation of stuff on Fit Guns system.  I guess I'll put together a list of reasonable assumptions here.

Distinctions between '''Fit(✔), Neutral(○), '''and''' Overweight(✘)''' guns.  The overweight penalty or absence of accuracy bonus seems to be negligible in normal situations but becomes more obvious in low-accuracy situations such as when using lower leveled ships, morale is low or [[Combined Fleet]] is in use.

The fit bonus applies CL and BB while ''only BB'' have overweight penalties. (?)

Note that this is DIFFERENT from the CA fit system.  In the case of CA, specifically the [[20.3cm Twin_Gun Mount]] and the [[20.3cm (No.3) Twin Gun Mount]] give a 10% accuracy bonus in '''Night Battle''' only.''* unreliable, testing underway''

{|
!Light Cruisers
!14cm
!15.2cm
!15.5cm
!20.3cm

|- align="center"
|'''CL / CLT / CT'''
|✔
|✔
|○
|○
|}


{| 
!Ship Class
!35.6cm
!38cm
!38.1cm
!41cm
!46cm
!51cm

|- align="center"
|<span title="

Fit: +4 Acc

38.1cm: -1 Acc

41cm: -4 Acc

46cm: -8 Acc">{{ShipBattleCardKai|Kongou|link=Kongou}}</span>
|style="background-color:#81D663;"|✔
|style="background-color:#81D663;"|✔
|style="background-color:#FFFF66;"|✘
|style="background-color:#FF9933;"|✘
|style="background-color:#E55052;"|✘
|--

|- align="center"
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Bismarck|link=Bismarck}}
|style="background-color:#81D663;"|✔
|style="background-color:#81D663;"|✔
|○
|style="background-color:#FF9933;"|✘
|style="background-color:#E55052;"|✘
|--

|- align="center"
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Littorio|link=Littorio}}
|style="background-color:#81D663;"|✔
|style="background-color:#81D663;"|✔
|style="background-color:#81D663;"|✔
|style="background-color:#FF9933;"|✘
|style="background-color:#E55052;"|✘
|--

|- align="center"
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Ise/Kai|link=Ise}}
|style="background-color:#81D663;"|✔
|○
|○
|○
|style="background-color:#E55052;"|✘
|--

|- align="center"
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Fusou/Kai Ni|link=Fusou}}
|style="background-color:#81D663;"|✔
|style="background-color:#81D663;"|✔
|style="background-color:#81D663;"|✔
|style="background-color:#81D663;"|✔
|style="background-color:#E55052;"|✘
|--

|- align="center"
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Nagato|link=Nagato}}
|style="background-color:#81D663;"|✔
|style="background-color:#81D663;"|✔
|style="background-color:#81D663;"|✔
|style="background-color:#81D663;"|✔
|style="background-color:#FF9933;"|✘
|○

|- align="center"
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Yamato|link=Yamato}}
|○
|○
|○
|style="background-color:#81D663;"|✔
|○
|○
|}
Large amount of testing data compiled by Homuhomu123 [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/User_blog:Homuhomu123/Shelling_Accuracy_Test_Results_%28Source_to_be_cited%29#IV_-_The_.22Fit_Gun_.2B_Overweight.22_Mechanics_on_BB_.28Red_Morale_Test.29]
Specific accuracy values (?) ''(not backed up with data)''[http://imgur.com/j9p0mL4]

Under normal conditions, the natural higher accuracy of high leveled ships (lv. 90+?) seem to already have the accuracy penalty canceled out, so it should be safe to put 41cms on Kongou-class, etc, and still stay at the accuracy cap.  Especially with improvements.


''TL;DR it's completely fine to overweight your ships a little, unless your ships are extremely low leveled, fatigued from level grinding, you have no improvements whatsoever, or Combined Fleet is happening.''*'''Reassessing conclusion, take current TLDR with a huge grain of salt.'''

Though with Cruisers and especially CLT, keep in mind that having no accuracy bonus will make your torps derp more often.

'''Looking at FP cap and stuff.  Thinking in text below.'''
[[Category:Blog posts]]