E1 - E6 cleared on hard, E7 was cleared on Easy due to lack of time and resources, rip.
This was the first large-scale event I did in earnest, so I ended up screwing up shiplocks just a little. All in all very satisfied with my drops and equipment rewards. 

Haguro, Kawakaze, Ryuujou, and Tone hit K2 during this event.

Resources went from ~70k fuel and ~60k ammo to ~13k fuel ammo.  Bauxite dropped from ~27k to... ~3k.
About net loss of 220 buckets.

Notable drops:

{{ShipBattleCardKai|I-401}}{{ShipBattleCardKai|U-511}}{{ShipBattleCardKai|I-401}}{{ShipBattleCardKai|U-511}}{{ShipBattleCardKai|U-511}}{{ShipBattleCardKai|U-511}}{{ShipBattleCardKai|I-401}}{{ShipBattleCardKai|I-401}}{{ShipBattleCardKai|I-8}}{{ShipBattleCardKai|Maruyu}}{{ShipBattleCardKai|Umikaze}}{{ShipBattleCardKai|Harusame}}{{ShipBattleCardKai|Amatsukaze}}{{ShipBattleCardKai|Asagumo}}(Yes that is FOUR Yuu and FOUR Shioi)

'''E1H Thoughts:'''
Not much to say, it was pretty easy.  Compared to preboss Himes, boss's armor was butter and Fleet Command Facility was the MVP.

'''E2H Thoughts: Equipment wins the game.'''
Chipping went really smoothly.  Then that node with the CVL started trolling me so I slapped in node support.  I had no WG, but with the Tankhatsu from E1H and the KaMi tank from that quest, I cleared pretty easily, with only one LD attempt.  Only DJ Hime + Imp were alive by yasen so no luck sniping required there.

I'm not sure if I actually ''was'' lucky on LD since everyone salted about E2 or if I just had the right equipment.

'''E3 Thoughts: Subway!'''
Locked some mid/low-level DDs including Akizuki into this map which I would greatly regret later.  I thought I'd just put them in main fleet to leech EXP while I farmed for Yuu and Shioi.  Scrapped one Shioi while the "2 limit" bug was in effect.

Clearing on Hard was really easy since this is TP map. Got Umikaze on my first S-Rank clear so that's a huge plus.

'''E4H Thoughts:'''
CTF cleared stuff well.  Fighters on LBAS helped against Wo Kai and CV Hime.  Not much else to say.

'''E5H Thoughts: Boss support must sink or cripple at least one Ru-Class.'''
First map that was really 'hard'.
I tried the 1AV/1CAV/1CL/2DD comp to get AP against the two Ru-BBs at boss, but it didn't help so I switched to standard 2CA(V) 4DD.

'''E6H Thoughts: OPENING AIRSTRIKE OHKO AHAHAHAHHHHAHAHA'''
My resources finally went below softcap during chipping phase.

Debuffed, then went on pretty smooth chipping runs.  Bad planning left me with a lack of CAs/reliable AACI.  San drained a bit while waiting for nuke to proc for LD, but then when it happened, catbomb did too, so AbsoluteLuck cleared it for me whatanawesomeguy.  * ^*

'''E7E Thoughts: LBAS setup most important'''
Cleared in 7 runs with 7 S-Ranks.
It's got really heavy resc cost, especially bauxite.  tbh it got a little boring because of how strong LBAS nuke was.
[[Category:Blog posts]]