'''<u>Spring 2015 Battle Report</u>'''

'''Event Start - 4/28/2015'''

'''Regular maps clear - 4/28/2015'''

'''EO maps clear - 4/29/2015'''

<u>'''Estimated Resource usage'''</u>

'''68,000 Fuel'''

'''45,000 Ammo'''

'''60,000 Steel'''

'''7,000 Bauxite'''

<u>'''Maps cleared'''</u>

'''E-1 - Hard'''

'''E-2 - Hard'''

'''E-3 - Hard'''

'''E-4 - Hard'''

'''E-5 - Hard'''

'''E-6 - Hard'''

'''<u>Ships/equipment obtained</u>'''

'''1st class medal'''

'''OTO x 3'''

'''Pasta cannon x 3'''

'''Ryuusei + Suisei 601'''

'''Bulges'''

'''Katsuragi'''

'''Roma'''

'''Akitsushima'''

'''Littorio'''

'''FuMO Radar'''

'''Type 2 Flying boats'''

'''-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------'''

'''<u>E-1 Report</u>'''

Runs 1-5

Aced this map, no sorties abandoned. Nakano at the boss final form was a surprise, but that didn't stop the might of a light fleet in night battle.

Est. resource use - <1k

Buckets used - <10

'''<u>E-2 Report</u>'''

Runs 1-4

No taiha's in the first 4 runs, this means 4 full kills. 2FBB,4CV used in the first fleet, consisting of Bismarck, Kongou, Hiryuu, Souryuu, Taihou, and Kaga. 2nd fleet was 1 CL, 2 DD (required), 2 CLT, and 1 CA, consisting of Ooyodo, Akizuki, Yuudachi, KTKM, Ooi, and Maya. AACI's really helped here, even with 500 + AA the preboss has some very scary air power.

Runs 5-6

Taiha's in both runs, one on the Ru node by a freak crit to Kaga, 2nd run aborted by Green T on the preboss and no AACI.

Runs 7-9

Run 7 went smoothly, no Taiha. Run 8 Taiha'd at preboss again by Green T. Run 9 smooth sailing, flawless kill on the boss.

After run 4 I was cat bombed, and was kicked out of the server for about an hour. The run I was on was flawless and in animation to go to the boss.

'''<u>E-3 Report</u>'''

Runs 1-4

3 boss kills, 1 retrat at Nakano node because it was a Nu not Nakano (QQ). Farming transports yo.



Runs 5-8

2 Retreats, 1 full kill. Nu class instead of Nakano spawn is very annoying, added reppu to my CVL JIC.



runs 9-12

3 full kills in 3 runs. Farming dem transports.



'''<u>E-4 Report</u>'''

Another combined fleet map, same theory, different ships, saving Taihou and Kaga for E-5.

Runs 1-4

3 boss trips, 3 kills, 1 retreat at Yasen because of freak crit.

Runs 5-8

3 Retreats, Wo and Ru not being very co-operative. 

Runs 9-12

1 Retreat, 3 more kills. Dance starts. Takanami drops on run 10. 

Run 13

Final kill. Perfect S-ranked boss, wat.

'''<u>E-5 Report (SALT BEGINS)</u>'''

Runs 1-5

1 boss chip, 1 full kill. Yasen node is scary but not un-dealable. Previous nodes are a joke. Using 2FBB2CA(V)2CV consisting of Bismarck, Kongou, Choukai, Prinz, Kaga, and Taihou. At this point, the mikuma/mogami and suzuya/kumano branching rules were not known.

Runs 6-10

2 kills, 2 retreats. Yasen node is starting to become a problem with random retreats.

Runs 11-16

Experimental runs, experimenting with SS routing, Akitsumaru routing etc. No boss runs, 5 retreats. Swap back to regular fleet comp.

Runs 17-20

2 more kills, boss is now in dancing territory. 1 Retreat at first node because of Green T and Ru wanting to murder Kaga.

Runs 21-25

2 Boss trips, 3 retreats at yasen. I-class is an arse, even with nightscout and starshells. Fleet comp is changed after run 23 to 3FBB 1CA, Prinz is dropped for Haruna. Support expedition used from here on out.

Runs 26-28

Full retreats, last CA is dropped for another BB, Kirishima.

Runs 29-32

All reach boss, no kills. Demon lives with ~20hp each time, even with Sanshiki shells on all BB's. The salt is climbing.

Runs 33-35

1 retreat and 2 boss trips. Last one kills, with Biscuit getting the killing blow in Yasen.

'''<u>E-6 Report</u>'''

Runs 1-3

first run ever reaches boss, chip damage. 2 retreats due to experimenting with branching and a light fleet. Decided to always go north. Fleet composition is 4FBB,CAV,CV, consisting of Bismarck, Kongou, Nagato, Kirishima, Tone, and Kaga. Tone is Flagship, and holds the FCF. 2nd fleet is 1CL, 2DD, 2CLT, FBB consisting of Ooyodo, Akizuki, Yuudachi, KTKM, Ooi, and Haruna. Akizuki and Yuudachi both carry AACI setups to start off, Ooyodo carries starshell and night scout plane.

Runs 4-8

1 run reaches the boss for a full kill, with only 10 ships. Rest are retreats in CV hime because of multiple taiha.

Runs 9-13

Swap Kaga and Tone for Junyou and Chiyoda, and swap Akizuki for Ayanami with DA setup. 3 Kills, 1 retreat. Roma drops on 10th run, 4th full kill on the boss.

Runs 14-18

All retreats in Yasen node, BB hime cuts in despite starshell + nightscout. Ayanami swapped out again for Beaver, with 2x main and 1x starshell.

Runs 19-21

Swap back to Kaga and Tone, 2 full kills on the boss and 1 CV hime retreat. Poi is dropped for shigure with a Cutin setup. Dance begins.

Runs 22-25

3 runs reach the boss, no kill. 25th run Haruna is swapped for Kiso in the 2nd fleet, and it fails the LOS check. Swapped back to Haruna. Support expeditions used from here on out.

Runs 26-32

27th run reaches the boss, with good support shelling, sinking 2 DD's and taiha ru kai FS, with Green T. Looks promising. CV hime and BB Water Oni decide to say no, and knock every ship in the 1st fleet to Taiha. 2nd fleet survives with only 1 chuuha, but BB Oni lives with 12 hp after haruna fails a night battle double attack. Runs 28-30 retreat on CV hime, runs 31-32 reach boss but weak support shelling.

Runs 33-35

Experiment with Yasen equipment, due to BB hime sending someone to Taiha every time. Tried several compositions, with the final setup being 2x starshell on Ooyodo, with Haruna holding the Nightscout, and Beaver and Shigure both using mixed cutins.

Runs 36-40

All runs reach boss, usually with 10 ships due to 1 Taiha. Support shelling all fails. Swapped Nagato for Yamato in desperation. Fuel is hovering around 10K at this point.

Runs 41-45

3 retreats at CV hime, 2 runs reach boss but with heavy damage. Lots of buckets and resources used with no real damage achieved. Hope is starting to dwindle, resources getting dangerously low. Support shelling continues to be unreliable.

Run 46 - Reaches boss, support shelling is strong, sinking the CA and 1 DD, Ooi and KTKM's torps put Ru FS Kai to chuuha. CV hime and water Demon wreck the first fleet, all 3 ships are alive going into yasen. No Nightscout or Starshell cutin, boss lives with 78 hp.

Run 47 - Last possible run, fuel is empty. Bismarck is Chuuha going into boss node. Support shelling sinks one of the late model DD's. Yamato teases my heart by immediately Daytime CI'ing Ru. It scratches for 9 damage. Kirishima and Kongou come through big, sinking the trash. 2nd fleet shelling begins, haruna immediately kills the ru FS. Shigure goes to chuuha from CV Hime, BB Oni Chuuha's Ooyodo. Closing torp strike puts BB oni to 257 HP, CV hime is floating at 227. Starshell and Night recon both proc, ooyodo puts CV Hime to red with a lucky night crit. BB Oni targets shigure and puts her to Taiha. Beaver cuts in, hitting the boss for 158. Haruna shells CV hime, leaving her with 38 Hp. Ooi DA's BB oni for 228, securing the final kill. KTKM's DA hits CV oni and sinks her. Map is clear.

'''<u>Conclusion</u>'''

Not as hard of an event as the devs hyped it up to be, the trolliest part is Roma being a drop instead of a map reward. E5 is much easier now with the Mogami class branching, E6 final kill is a massive salt fest, CV hime being the biggest cockblock on the planet.

In conclusion - I class cutins are aids in forced yasen node, screw CV hime, she's a massive prick.
[[Category:Blog posts]]