===Max efficiency main path===
Start with T21 Skilled x1 >> from {{ShipBattleCardKai|Souryuu/Kai Ni}}{{ShipBattleCardKai|Hiryuu/Kai Ni}}, grind one T21 >>. 
# Clear up to A59. This is compulsory as Skilled Crew is needed.
# Clear up to B54 to get the T52C (601), grinding not necessary. Alternatively, level and remodel any Unryuu-class carrier Kai for the same aircraft. Note that Unryuu has her own upgrade quest line that also uses this aircraft.
# Clear Bm6 to open F22. '''DO NOT DO THE NEXT LINE IF YOU DO NOT HAVE SKILLED CREW IN THE INVENTORY. GO BACK AND CLEAR REQS ABOVE.'''
# Clear F22: Equip T21 >> on [[Houshou]] secretary, scrap T21x2 + T96. This uses up one Skilled Crew. 
# Clear F28: Equip T21 Skilled >> on [[Zuikaku]] secretary, scrap T21x2. Grind T21 Iwamoto only.
# Clear F24 & F29: Equip BOTH T21 Iwamoto >> AND T21 Skilled (ANY RANK) on [[Zuikaku]] secretary, scrap T52 x2. Grind T52A Iwamoto AND T52 Skilled. This saves you T52 x2 over upgrading them separately.
# Clear A62. Requires {{ShipBattleCardKai|Shoukaku/Kai Ni}}{{ShipBattleCardKai|Zuikaku/Kai Ni}}
# Clear F26: Equip T52 Skilled >> on [[Zuikaku]] secretary, scrap T52C (601).
# Clear F30: Equip T52A Iwamoto >> on [[Zuikaku]] secretary, scrap Saiun x2. 'Mandatory' path ends here.
Total costs: T21 Skilled >>, T21 >>, T21x4, T52 x2, T52C (601), Saiun x2, Skilled Crew. Total output: T52C Iwai & T53 Iwamoto.
===Optional fighter-bomber path===
# Grind T52C Iwai to >>.
# Clear F27: Equip T52C Iwai >> on [[Zuikaku]] secretary, scrap T62FB x2. This is a fighter-bomber, NOT a fighter, so if you're not sure how to use it, [[#T62_Fighter-Bomber_Usage|find out how.]] After you know its uses, you can choose to do this if you want to use FBs, or you can choose to leave it in T52C Iwai >> form, which serves as an upgraded Reppuu.
Total costs: T52C Iwai >>, T62 FB x2. Total output: T62FB Iwai.
===Optional monthly T52 Skilled path===
# Clear Bm5 and Bm6 to open the path. If doing this in same month as above, main path #3 already requires Bm6, so all that is left is Bm5.
# Clear F25: Equip T21 Skilled >> on any Carrier secretary, scrap T52 x2. Reward: T52 Skilled.
Total costs: T21 Skilled >>, T52 x2. Total output: T52 Skilled.

This does NOT require doing F22 again, so you can use this to permanently convert T21 Skilled >> from {{ShipBattleCardKai|Souryuu/Kai Ni}}{{ShipBattleCardKai|Hiryuu/Kai Ni}}. As this requires F24 to be done first, it is not possible to complete all three quests at the same time by scrapping only two T52s.
===Optional monthly T21 Skilled path===
* Repeat F22: Equip T21 >> on [[Houshou]] secretary, scrap T21x2 + T96. This uses up one Skilled Crew.
Total costs: T21 >>, T21 x2, T96, Skilled Crew. Total output: T21 Skilled.

Advantage: Extra T21 Skilled. Disadvantage: That squadron can be acquired from Souryuu/Hiryuu K2, but you will never be able to get another Skilled Crew again until new quests are added, or they are added to an event. If future fighter squadrons are added they MAY use Skilled Crew. Not recommended.
===Final fighter squadron Tiers:===
* T1: T96 [2AA]
* T2: T21 [5AA]
* T3: T52 [6AA]
* T4: $T52C (601) [9AA-1Acc-1Eva], $T21 Skilled [8AA-2Acc-2Eva-1LoS], $T52 Skilled [9AA-1Acc-2Eva-1LoS], Shiden Kaini [9AA-3Eva], Reppuu [10AA]
* T5: '''T52C Iwai [10AA-1Acc-2Eva-1LoS]''', '''Reppuu (601) [11AA-1Acc-2Eva]''', ''Reppuu Kai [12AA]''
* T6: '''T53 Iwamoto [12AA-2Acc-4Eva-3Los]''', ''Shinden Kai [15AA]''

Quest F25 converts between two aircraft of approximately equal viability. ''Italic squadrons'' are unobtainable. '''Bold squadrons''' are one-time only through quests. Squadrons marked $ are difficult to obtain. All other squadrons are craftable through [[Development]]. The general idea is to get as many '''one-time only squadrons''' as possible, then select the highest normal squadrons as you wish for your use. $Difficult squadrons are optional - having them might be good, but they can also be replaced with craftable squadrons for the most part. ''Unobtainable squadrons'' are unobtainable, but very powerful, and represent a permanent power improvement for older Admirals who possess them over newer ones.

However you can also see from the chart that this advantage has been reduced significantly with the addition of the new one-time squadrons - and the buff of the Shiden Kaini gives the T4 level more flexibility in smaller slots, when previously, the Reppuu was the only craftable squadron it made any sense to collect. The T1-3 squadrons are meant only for newer Admirals, and are very commonly found on dropped ships as well in their early remodel stages, and should -never- be used for any serious sorties in the later game.

While all of the stats within a tier are generally comparable depending on usage, an exception is that the T52 Skilled squadron is objectively superior to the T52C (601). Given how both of these have limited sources however, there may still be a reason to use the T52C (601) if its accuracy is more important than the Shiden Kaini's evasion or the Reppuu's AA, but its AA is more important than the T21 Skilled's accuracy and evasion.

Note that the AA stat is dependent on slot size while Acc, Eva and LoS are not. Because of this, when using multiple squadrons, the ones with highest AA should always be on the largest fighter slots, while the squadrons used for alternate stat bonuses can fill the smaller slots.
==Further Reading==
*[[Quests]]
*[[List of Fighters by stats]]
===Other Guides===
*[[User_blog:Hayashi_H/Advanced_Mechanics_Guide|Advanced game mechanics, like overweight mechanisms and more]]
*[[User_blog:Hayashi_H/Advanced_Equipment_Guide|What equipment should each ship mount?]]
*[[User blog:Hayashi H/Abyssal OHKO Chart|How much firepower is TRULY enough?]]
*[[User blog:Hayashi H/Anti-BWS Fleets|How to survive attacks by firepower-capped targets like the BWS]]
*[[User blog:Hayashi H/Grinding DDs and CLs on 3-2A|Levelling your CLs and DDs quickly and cheaply]]
*[[User_blog:Hayashi_H/Max-efficiency_Map-clear_Formations|Efficient formations used in repeated quests and EOs]]
*[[User_blog:Hayashi_H/Max_efficiency_expedition_setups|Recovering resources at maximum rates]]
==T62 Fighter-Bomber Usage==
{| class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed wikitable"
|-
!Warning: Highly technical. Newer Admirals may wish to simply leave the squadron as T52C Iwai if they have no time, levels, interest or resources to attempt a Hard event.
|-
|For aircraft squadrons, there are broadly 6 effects they have when equipped on a carrier's equipment slot:

# They raise Firepower by Bombstat*2.0 or Torpstat*1.5. Final carrier firepower = (Firepower+Torpstatsum)*1.5 + Bombstatsum*2.0 + 55. '''Firepower caps at 150, past which additional values are square rooted - so a 166 Firepower carrier will strike at 154 effective Firepower. This is independent of slot size.'''
# They cause an Initial Airstrike with a power of (SQRT(Slotsize)*Attackstat)*X. The Attackstat used by torp bombers is Torpstat, the Attackstat used by dive bombers is Bombstat. The value of X for dive bombers is always 1, while the value of X for torp bombers is either 0.8 or 1.5, chosen at a 50% probability. '''This depends on slot size.'''
# They add air power of SQRT(Slotsize)*AAstat. '''This depends on slot size.'''
# They add their other stats directly to the carrier. '''This is independent of slot size.'''
# They add critical damage at 20% for the first slot, 10% for slots 2, 3, 4 if they have any attack stat, '''for max proficiency squadrons only - partial proficiency has lower numbers.''' This is added to other slots before the total is multiplied by the original bonus. For instance, if slots 1, 2 and 3 only have bombers in them, the critical damage value is 140%*150% = 210% - so shelling at a firepower of 150 will deal 315 damage. '''This is independent of slot size.'''
# They add air power of 25/Y, '''for max proficiency squadrons only - partial proficiency has lower numbers.''' The value of Y is 1 for fighters (green), 7.2 for bombers (red/blue), and 2.7 for Zuiun variants (light green, though Zuiun is out of the scope of this discussion). '''This is independent of slot size.'''

At least one bomber (red/blue) must be equipped on a carrier for it to attack at all.

Because Type 62 FB of any type have a low bomb stat, they do NOT deal significant initial airstrike damage, regardless of slot size, and they do not add significant firepower. However, they still do add air power - and the new Iwai squadron has 7 air power instead of the usual 4, making it a significant boost for this purpose. At the same time, they add critical damage when at high/max proficiency levels. Finally, they enable shelling.

Therefore, the primary purpose of the T62FB Iwai is to enable shelling attacks on enemies by a carrier which carries NO OTHER BOMBER SQUADRON - basically, a pure 'air superiority' carrier build. If the carrier's firepower was low to begin with, the Iwai is suboptimal because it does not add significant Bombstat. If there is any other bomber squadron on the carrier, the Iwai is suboptimal because the initial airstrike of the Iwai is weak, and the air power it contributes is significantly lower than any max proficiency pure fighter equipped int he same slot. It is especially effective if equipped on slot 1 as it adds maximum critical damage, and it is increasingly effective on smaller slots, as larger slots are better equipped with fighters possessing greater AA stats, like the Reppuu.

As all T62 FBs contribute 4 bombstat, the minimum firepower required to reach the daytime attack cap of 150 with only a T62 FB equipped is (150-8-55)/1.5 = 58. The list of carriers that can achieve or approach this are as follows:
# {{ShipBattleCardKai|Zuikaku/Kai Ni}} 56
# {{ShipBattleCardKai|Souryuu/Kai Ni}} 57
# {{ShipBattleCardKai|Taihou/Kai}} 59
# {{ShipBattleCardKai|Shoukaku/Kai Ni}} 63
# {{ShipBattleCardKai|Hiryuu/Kai Ni}} 64
# {{ShipBattleCardKai|Zuikaku/Kai Ni A}} 65
# {{ShipBattleCardKai|Shoukaku/Kai Ni A}} 70

Usage on armoured carriers is not recommended - as chuuha ships deal 30% less damage, but armoured carriers specifically can launch in chuuha conditions, they can optimally use up to 215 firepower to guarantee firepower cap even when chuuhaed. That leaves the list of viable ships that can mount a T62 as sole bomber as:
# {{ShipBattleCardKai|Zuikaku/Kai Ni}} 56
# {{ShipBattleCardKai|Souryuu/Kai Ni}} 57
# {{ShipBattleCardKai|Shoukaku/Kai Ni}} 63
# {{ShipBattleCardKai|Hiryuu/Kai Ni}} 64

The usage of the T62 FB on Souryuu Kai Ni and Hiryuu Kai Ni should be done only in slot 1 to leverage the maximum critical attack bonus, as the 4th slot is too small to be survivable (it usually carries a Saiun instead). In contrast, for the usage of the FB on Shoukaku Kai Ni and Zuikaku Kai Ni, the difference in air power between a T62 Iwai in the first and fourth slots is 12, while the difference in air power between a Reppuu in the first and fourth slots is 16, so swapping them leads to a net loss of 4 air power in exchange for 10% more critical damage, before any planes are shot down. The difference for a plain T62 FB is 7, so it would be a loss of 9 air power in exchange for 10% more critical damage.

Since all T62s, Iwai or not, are considered as Dive Bombers, they ARE shot by enemy air power, variable AA, fixed AA and AACI, in that precise order. The first two eliminate a fraction of the slot size and thus using smaller slots are ideal to minimise bauxite losses, the latter two eliminate a constant, and so larger slots are ideal to avoid wipeout. Since fixed AA is proportionally a very small component of aircraft losses for all normal abyssals, it is whether AACI exists or not that dictates whether a bomber should be sortied in a larger or smaller slot.

Since T62s can be shot down by ship AA and AACI, they are not ideal for guaranteeing air power relative to the more stable pure fighter squadrons. They can be used for air power if preboss nodes have greater air power requirements for AS/AS+ than the boss node, or if you are intending to get Air Supremacy in a preboss and Air Superiority in a boss node, but for them to be useful over fighters they must help with the ability of the carrier to perform shelling attacks, or else sortieing a fighter is better instead.

Because fighter combat shoots all slots across the fleet for a variable percentage of aircraft, it is created to eliminate aircraft squadrons of larger slot sizes. Because base AA shoots a randomly assigned bomber squadron first with a variable AA component followed by a fixed AA component at independent 50% rates each, it is designed to trim down bomber numbers regardless of slot size. Because AACI shoots all slots across the fleet for a fixed number of aircraft, it is created to eliminate bomber squadrons in overly small slots. What the Fighter Bombers do, in increasing Air Power, is reduce losses for the first across the fleet relative to normal bombers, but take more losses to itself from the second and third relative to normal fighters.

Should abyssals with access to AACI be used, the intent of the developers is to punish players who sortie too many bombers in small slots through fixed losses. Should {{ShipBattleCardKai|Standard Carrier Wo-Class/Kai Flagship IV}} be used, the intent of the developers is to punish players who sortie bombers in overly large slots through variable losses. Should abyssals with very high base AA stats be used, the intent of the developers is to encourage the use of bombers for shelling purposes, rather than initial airstrike purposes. If all three apply in the same map, the intent of the developers is to encourage players to mount the smallest number of bombers possible in the smallest survivable slots possible for shelling purposes, and acquire Air Supremacy to boost attacks by other ships utilising the Artillery Spotting mechanic, rather than relying on the bombers for their initial strike.

At present, some sources believe {{ShipBattleCardKai|Light Cruiser Tsu-Class}}{{ShipBattleCardKai|Light Cruiser Tsu-Class/Elite}}{{ShipBattleCardKai|Seaplane Tender Princess}}{{ShipBattleCardKai|Air Defense Princess}} have access to AACI, while some other sources believe they do not, and merely possess very high AA values.

In events, the AS requirements are very high at higher difficulty levels, and thus standard T62 squadrons do not contribute as significant an amount of AS. Players intending to use shelling-based Air Supremacy loadouts on the abovementioned four carriers need T62 Iwai to be effective on Hard difficulty. In contrast, players on lower difficulties may not encounter as restrictive an AS requirement, and thus the Tier 5 performance of the Iwai T52C may end up being more beneficial, especially against enemy fleet compositions with lower evasion/armour, where it may be far more beneficial to stack extreme numbers of torpedo bombers instead.

Note that combining T62FB with another bomber squadron may have utility in increasing the chances of the carrier being able to shell at all, so if an abyssal has high AA values, the earlier point of not combining T62FB with any other bombers may not apply - and so the T62FB may become useful in other carriers not mentioned above.

'''If you understood everything up to this point, you can decide for yourself if the T62FB Iwai is worth it, or if the T52C Iwai is worth more to you. If you don't understand anything from the above, leave the squadron as a T52C Iwai until you eventually do, to avoid regrets. Do not convert it for the sake of converting it.'''
===Further reading===
*[[User blog:Homuhomu123/Trigger Rates & Effectiveness of Anti-Air Cut-In (AACI)|AACI Mechanics]]
*[[Combat]]
*[[Aircraft Proficiency]]
*[http://aircalc.net/ Air Power/Firepower/Airstrike Calculator]
|}
[[Category:Blog posts]]