Ushio:  Ooh, ooh, it's starting.<br />
Sazanami  (Running the computer/projector):  I know.  From the top~

''Video:  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmxNQugzmII Destroyers // Kimi Iro ni Somaru by Kosaya] ''

Fubuki:  Oh, is it all of us?  I'm excited!<br />Sazanami:  Potatoes shouldn't get their hopes up!<br />Amatsukaze:  Starting with Shimakaze, of course.<br />Akigumo:  Those famous panties!<br />Shimakaze:  Ou?!  B-but Rensouhou-chan is cute.<br />Akebono:  Truth.

Kamikaze:  Oh, are we next?  We're next!  Look at us, we're moving!<br />
Hatsuyuki:  Bit late to be impressed by movies.<br />
Kamikaze:  Yes, but we're in COLOR.<br />
Asakaze:  Isn't that Nagato in the back?<br />
Sazanami:  NAGAMON KITAAAA~<br />
Hamakaze:  ... I like your hat, Matsukaze.<br />
Matsukaze:  Oh, thank you, would you like to borrow it?<br />
Hamakaze:  ...can I?<br />

Akizuki:  Suzutsuki wasn't here for this part, so it had to just be us three.<br />
Shirayuki:  The Akizuki-class is so cute together!<br />
Teruzuki:  Thank you~<br />
Oboro:  Wait, Ryuujou-senpai?<br />
Akigumo:  That is definitely not a destroyer, but, well.<br />
Hatsuyuki:  No Boobs.<br />
Fubuki:  I almost didn't recognize her without her kariginu coat.<br />

Mutsuki;  30th destroyer division, sortieing to dance!<br />
Kisaragi:  It felt really good to be together with U-chan and Yayoi-chan.<br />
Yayoi:  ...yeah.<br />
Uzuki:  Isn't that Nagato-san again in the back?<br />
Sazanami:  NAGAMON MATA KITAAAAAAA~<br />
Miyuki;  Oh, the german destroyers in different color uniforms!<br />
Lebe:  The navy blue didn't look as good with the light background, so we went with this.<br />
Max:  We look a bit more like the japanese serafuku this way, don't we?<br />
Hatsuyuki:  Wow, Max is smiling there.<br />
Lebe:  It's not like Max never smiles...<br />
Hatsuyuki:  I feel like I've gotten a rare item drop.<br />

Amatsukaze:  Rensouhou-kun is cuter than Rensouhou-chan.<br />
Shimakaze:  Today I won't argue with you because I'm happy that we both got the same kind of appearance!  Like sister ships should!<br />
Amatsukaze:  We're not sister ships, though.<br />
Tokitsukaze:  Not that you dislike the extra attention.<br />
Amatsukaze:  Shut up!<br />
Sazanami:  I saw black panties!<br />
Akigumo:  So grown up!<br />
Amatsukaze:  The peanut gallery can shut up too!<br />

Shigure:  Ooh, the Akatsuki-class is wearing different clothes from their normal uniforms?<br />
Akatsuki:  It's very ladylike, isn't it?<br />
Ushio:  It's so cute!<br />
Hatsuyuki:  The commander'll be disappointed though.<br />
Inazuma:  Why's that?<br />
Hibiki:  Longer skirts?<br />
Hatsuyuki:  Hibiki wins~!<br />
Ikazuchi:  Wait, was Nagato-san there when we filmed this?<br />
Sazanami:  EVEN WHEN YOU'RE FILMING THINGS, NA-GA-MON!<br />
Murasame:  Aah, but the 6th is so cute together~<br />

Miyuki:  Fubuki-class, checking in!<br />
Hatsuyuki:  Fubuki-class, checking out.  I'm glad we only did that much, I was tired with just that.<br />
Tokitsukaze:  Not sure why I started off the Kagerou-class and not Kagerou-nee, but that's how it is.<br />
Hatsukaze:  It's cause your dog ears are cute, Toki.<br />
Tokitsukaze:  I don't have dog ears!<br />

Arashi:  Oh, Hagi wasn't here for this, so we had Akigumo stand in.<br />
Akigumo:  I guess it'd be just as strange for me to be with the Yuugumo-class as it is for me to be with the Kagerous... and this way I got to dance with Maikaze, that was nice, she's a good teacher.<br />
Maikaze:  Thank you!  You were a good learner!<br />
Miyuki:  Wow, Arashi wears a thong?<br />
Arashi:  Wait, what?<br />
Maikaze:  Yeah, the camerawork here is a little questionable.<br />
Tanikaze:  Not sure why I wound up with Yukikaze here, she refused to take off her binoculars for this, too.  Even though they kept smacking her.<br />
Yukikaze:  Yukikaze has to protect the fleet at all times!<br />

Sazanami:  That pose is actually really hard to hold for a long time.<br />
Shiranui:  Boring.<br />
Kagerou:  Yeah, I wasn't happy with this being my only appearance, but at least the Kagerou-class looks good overall.<br />

Tanikaze:  Here's the rest of the 17th.<br />
Ushio: They're a really popular group, aren't they?<br />
Akigumo:  I saw Urakaze-panties!<br />
Urakaze:  What?!  I was sure the camera wouldn't catch them?<br />
Akigumo:  Blue plaid~<br />
Urakaze:  Shit!<br />
Hamakaze:  Isokaze, your smile here looks a little...<br />
Isokaze:  What?  That's my best smile for the admiral!<br />
Hamakaze:  ...<br />

Kawakaze:  Finally, the Shiratsuyu-class is here~!<br />
Umikaze:  I don't appear in this, but I'm so proud of Kawakaze and Yamakaze!<br />
Yamakaze:  *sigh* ...whatever.<br />
Ushio:  But Yamakaze-chan, you look so happy here!<br />
Umikaze:  She was so proud of herself when she first saw the footage, I think she looks really good.<br />

Ooshio:  And now it's our turn!<br />
Kasumi:  For like, ten seconds.<br />
Arare:  Kasumi looks like she was having fun.<br />
Kasumi:  I-I'm just a good actress!<br />
Shiratsuyu:  And here's the rest of the Shiratsuyus!  Saving number one for last!<br />
Hatsuyuki:  You guys look kind of pale here.  With the red eyes... are you vampires?<br />
Murasame:  It's the lighting!  Don't be silly!  Who ever heard of a shipgirl vampire?<br />
Harusame:  And the very last is Yuudachi-neesan!<br />
Hatsuyuki: The most vampire-looking of all shipgirls.<br />
Fubuki:  Is that a dakimakura on the floor behind her?<br />
Shiratsuyu:  Yeah, it's the admiral's.<br />
Hatsuyuki:  Who's on it?<br />
Yuudachi:  Shigure-poi.<br />
Shigure:  Wait, that's my only appearance in this video?<br />
Yuudachi:  Yep.<br />
Shigure:  Is as a dakimakura in a school swimsuit?<br />
Yuudachi: Yep!<br />
Shigure:  ... That's kind of frustrating...
[[Category:Blog posts]]