Started carreer since September 31st. Went mad 1-5 fishing for {{ShipBattleCardKai|Isokaze/}} because everyone was mentioning her. Status: rescued {{ShipBattleCardKai|Isokaze/}}. Completed fishing mini event.

First major event: Fall 2015. Status: Failed to clear. All easy. Ran out of resources/buckets. Futile effort rescuing {{ShipBattleCardKai|Prinz Eugen/}} from E-4M destroyed everything. Girls were too weak with proper equipments. Resources were soft-capped only. Everything was a mess. Fleets were too focus on light ships and BB without good equipments for lighter ones. Cleared E-5 TP but were short on time and resources. 8 days out of 14 days used to 3-2A and 4-3. 4 days straight farming E-4M. Despair was tasted.

Rescued ships: 
{{ShipCardKai|name=Kashima|model=Kai}}
{{ShipCardKai|name=Akitsu Maru|model=Kai}}x2 
{{ShipCardKai|name=Kazagumo|model=Kai}}
{{ShipCardKai|name=U-511|model=Kai}}
{{ShipCardKai|name=Maruyu|model=Kai}}x2
{{ShipCardKai|name=Libeccio|model=Kai}}
{{ShipCardKai|name=Naganami|model=Kai}}


Was not sure what to improve. Asked in forum. Got helps from great people. Followed instructions. More confidence gained to take on upcoming event.

Second major event: Winter 2016. Status: Great Success. Complained before about not having anything worth leveling. Boom. 20+ girls get. {{ShipBattleCardKai|Akashi/}} immediately requested a naval base expansion, stressing its importance. Request accepted. 20 slots and one dock get on February 15th JST.
Completed event in 2 days. 5 days and 300+ buckets spent on farming.

Rescued ships:

{{ShipCardKai|name=Mizuho}}
{{ShipCardKai|name=Umikaze}}
{{ShipCardKai|name=Suzuya}}
{{ShipCardKai|name=Okinami}}
{{ShipCardKai|name=Hatsuzuki|model=Kai}}
{{ShipCardKai|name=Amagi}}
{{ShipCardKai|name=Asagumo}}
{{ShipCardKai|name=Akitsushima}}
{{ShipCardKai|name=Zara}}
{{ShipCardKai|name=Shoukaku|model=Kai}}
{{ShipCardKai|name=Graf Zeppelin|model=Kai}}
{{ShipCardKai|name=Akashi|model=Kai}}x2
{{ShipCardKai|name=Taigei}}
{{ShipCardKai|name=Mikuma}}
{{ShipCardKai|name=Prinz Eugen|model=Kai}}
{{ShipCardKai|name=Amatsukaze}}
{{ShipCardKai|name=Harusame}}
{{ShipCardKai|name=Sakawa}}
{{ShipCardKai|name=Ooyodo|model=Kai}}
{{ShipCardKai|name=Yahagi}}
{{ShipCardKai|name=Akizuki}}
{{ShipCardKai|name=Agano}}
{{ShipCardKai|name=Maruyu|model=Kai}}
{{ShipCardKai|name=Asashimo}}
[[Category:Blog posts]]