While running expeditions for the next experiment, I came up to write down something, as if a short reflection on the pervious 5 experiments.

Including myself, we all like to conclude things from brief observations, and generalize things as much as possible. As for the game, studies from players provided great ideas on game mechanics, and most of them just seemed to be consistent with our understanding. I guess that is how we formed our "common sense" for the game Kancolle.

Well, it's a good idea to formulate things, believe and follow it simply. But it could be a hard time when contradiction happens and you probably have to change your Kancolle mentality  Confirmation bias prevails, and objectivity is not always consistent with making life easier.

Back to the experiments. During the last 2 weeks, methodology on data collection greatly improved. Stricter precedures were followed, and larger sample size were used. Various explanations on the data popped out, trying to best fit every data at hand & on the Kancolle test blog. Also, as I mentioned in the postscript of Exp't E, it's very hard to differentiate experiment errors and "modifier errors". For example, if we yielded an inaccurate estimate for BBV base rate, and use it as asumption, how could we precisely evaluate the value of another factor cumulative with this one?

<strike>The good thing is that, after multiple revisions on the formula, ~70% of my estimates for CI/DA rates are always within 4% of the actual (for #ATK>160), if compared to the test blog & my exp'ts. Efforts were made to minimize deviations, by suspecting previous assumptions & coming up with new, legid hypothesis. It's rather complicated and not so scientific. But if in most situations the final revised formula works well for Artillery Spotting Trigger Rate Estimate, the primary objective of the project will be achieved.</strike>

<p style="text-align:center;"><span style="font-size:14.4444446563721px;">>> Next Step: </span>[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/User_blog:Homuhomu123/Evaluation_of_CA,_CAV_%26_BBV_Base_Rate_on_Double_Attack [ Exp't F ]<span style="font-size:14.4444446563721px;">] : Evaluation of CA/V Base Rate on Double Attack</span></p>

At last, I'll put down the theoretically recommended sample size for future tests, based on standard error calculation ('''GREAT thanks to @Mathiaszealot''' :)

<p style="text-align:center;">''ceil( (x*(1 - x) / ( E / Z) ^2) )''</p>

<p style="text-align:center;">where '''''E = error = 4%''''', and '''''Z = 1.28 ( for 80% confidence )'''''</p>







 <span style="font-family:Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;font-size:13.63636302948px;line-height:22px;white-space:normal;">               Ture %.      min.trials.rqrd</span>
         <span style="font-size:14px;">21         170</span>
 
         22         176
 
         23         182
 
         24         187
 
         25         193
 
         26         198
 
         27         202
 
         28         207
 
         29         211
 
         30         216
 
         31         220
 
         32         223
 
         33         227
 
         34         230
 
         35         233
 
         36         236
 
         37         239
 
         38         242
 
         39         244
 
         40         246
 
         41         248
 
         42         250
 
         43         251
 
         44         253
 
         45         254
 
         46         255
 
         47         256
 
         48         256
 
         49         256
 
 '''        50         256  << used to '''
 
         51         256
 
         52         256
 
         53         256
 
         54         255
 
         55         254
 
         56         253
 
         57         251
 
         58         250
 
         59         248
 
         60         246
 
         61         244
 
         62         242
 
         63         239
 
         64         236
 
         65         233
 
         66         230
 
         67         227
 
         68         223
 
         69         220
 
         70         216
 
         71         211
 
         72         207
 
         73         202
 
         74         198
 
         75         192
 
         76         187
 
         77         182
 
         78         176
 
         79         170
[[Category:Blog posts]]