Assuming one has many of one eqiupment to improve what is the best way to go about it? As an example [[10cm_Twin_High-angle_Gun_Mount_%2B_Anti-Aircraft_Fire_Director|10 10cm+AAFD guns]] on +0 with the end goal to have all on +9.

The first question to consider would be how many of the equipment will be used at once. In a fleet every DD is set up with most 2 guns. Its very frequent to use 1-2 DDs in one fleet, meanwhile using 3-5 DDs all equipped with guns in one fleet is very rare.
<br>This concludes that first focusing on a small core set of guns is beneficial. With this in mind it makes sense to have the first set of guns on a higher improvement level than the second set, the second set better than the third etc.

Next comes the question of where the breakpoints are for one gun/set of guns to be better than the other.
<br>The value of improvements is not a linear growth, but rather works with squareroots. Simplifying the maths, this means that not every improvement step gives the same value. With this system works the important breakpoints for individual guns are at +1, +4 and +9, and for a set of 2 guns some of the more notable breakpoints are reached when combining improved guns at +1/+1, +3/+2, +4/+4, +7/+6 and +9/+9.

Some other things to consider is that improvements from +6 onwards are more expensive and also have a chance to fail.

With this in mind a possible progression of improvements for the example would start out as follows:
*+3/+2
*+4/+4, +1/+1
*+7/+6, +4/+4, +1/+1
At this point it varies by the type of equipment, whether having one set of +9/+9 is beneficial opposed to needing many sets at +4/+4.

==Notes:==
*there are more breakpoints, these are just easy to highlight due to them reaching flat values
*these breakpoints apply the same for day Firepower from small/medium caliber guns, AAMGs, most secondary guns and all Yasen Stat improvements(all main/secondary guns and torpedos at night)
[[Category:Blog posts]]