When using a Surface Task Force (STF) or Carrier Task Force (CTF) there is the option to use a CVL in the escort fleet.
Ships in the Escort Fleet dont always launch planes for the Aerial Combat Phase.
They will only do so when encountering an Abyssal Combined Fleet.
<br>This means two things:
*the Escort CVL will not lose any planes when encountering Single Fleets
*one can get AS in cases where the main fleet alone doesnt provide enough fighterpower for it

The next thing to consider when loading out a CVL in Escort Fleet is the type of shelling it is supposted to have.
This is more important for CTF than it is for STF due to the Shelling Order against Single Fleets.
<br>In CTF the Escort Fleet will engage first, while in STF it will engage last.
An Escort CVL in CTF should then best be equipped for a strong day shelling with a Carrier Cut-in (CVCI) setup for more consistent shelling damage, while the STF Escort CVL does not need to focus on day combat as much.
The Escort Fleet will also be facing the Enemy Fleet in Night Battles, so an Escort CVL should potentially be set up with a Night Carrier (CVN) Cut-in (CI) to not lose out on an Attack at night.

===CVCI===
There are 3 different CVCI setups. From strongest to weakest they consist of:
*Torpedo Bomber + Dive Bomber + Fighter
*Torpedo Bomber + Dive Bomber + Dive Bomber
*Torpedo Bomber + Dive Bomber
*If the requirements for multiple ones are met they can all trigger independently.
Similar to Artillery Spotting Attacks AS/AS+ is required for CVCI to trigger.

===CVNCI===
For a CVL to function as a CVN capable of attacking at night a form of Night Operations Aviation Personnel (NOAP) and at least one Night Plane (purple icon) must be equipped.
Aside from Night Planes there are other Night Aircraft contributing to the CVN damage, those being Swordfish Variants and the Iwai Fighter-Bomber.
Night Planes contribute with significantly more damage than other Night Aircraft, and a planes damage contribution heaviy depends on slot size.
From strongest to weakest the CVNCI setups consist of:
*Night Bomber + Night Fighter + Night Fighter
*Night Bomber + Night Fighter
*Night Fighter + 0-1 Night Plane + 1-2 Night Aircraft
Again when multiple requirements are met they can all trigger independently.

Some example setups with slot distribution based on Zuihou Kai Ni B:
<br>-Day Battle Focus
*Torpedo Bomber + Dive Bomber + Fighter + Fighter
-Yasen Focus
*Night Bomber + Night Fighter + Night Fighter + NOAP
-Balanced Setup
*Night Bomber + Dive Bomber + Night Fighter + NOAP

==Notes:==
*currently the only Night Bomber is a Torpedo Bomber (TBM-3D)
*in Day Battle, Night Planes work just like regular planes
[[Category:Blog posts]]