In most cases there is no differenciation between a Carrier (CV) and an Armored Carrier (CVB), except for some Branching Rules.
There is however one major difference, that being a CVBs ability to attack when Chuuha, while CV would be unable to.
This means CVB are stronger than CV, but there are still some other Variables to consider on a case by case basis.

===Shoukaku and Zuikaku===
In CVB form they gain Firepower, Armor, and their plane slots get re-arranged.
More Armor means higher chance of survival, and more Firepower means higher damage in shelling attacks.
The slots get changed from 3 medium and 1 small sized slots slot to 1 large, 1 medium and 2 small slots.
<br>Larger sized slots have two benefits:
*they do more damage in Opening Airstrikes
*they are less likely to get depleted
Usually later world maps and Event maps tend to have high Fighterpower requirements and high AA, meaning that smaller slots will have to be used for fighters, and even medium size slots are at risk of getting fully shot down.
This means having that one large slot can make the difference between a Carrier attacking and being unable to do so.

===Saratoga===
In CVB form she loses Firepower, but gains Armor and her slots grow.
While differences due to stats apply as stated above, Saratoga has one more thing to consider.
Her CV form has inbuilt Night Operations Aviation Personnel (NOAP) making her capable of Aerial Attacks at night without the need of equipping NOAP seperately.
[[Category:Blog posts]]