While the Multipliers of Anti Installation Gear vary between targets, they share the general pattern of being weak to certain equipments.
The best way to maximize damage output against Installations is to utilize said equipments while trying to achieve the highest possible multiplier.
Double Attacks (DA) are the only attack type with more than one hit capable of targeting Installations.
This is because Installations are immune to Torpedos, and when targeting them Torpedo Attacks such as a Torpedo Cutin (TCI) cannot trigger.
Accordingly most Anti Installation Setups stack Anti Installation Gear and potentially a DA setup.

There are some Hybrid Setups focusing on both Installations and Surface enemies.
They make use of equipping 2 guns for a DA setup but also Torpedos for other Cutins.
<br>For example a ship equipped with 2 Main Guns and 2 Torpedos would DA Installations, but would use TCI against Surface targets.
This specific Setup does not carry any Anti Installation Gear so it would be relatively weak against Installations.
<br>With Suzuya and Kumano K2 CAV forms able to equip a Secondary Gun in their Expansion Slots, they can set up with Main + Torp + Torp + Wildcard + Secondary to make full use of this.
Because of their high base stats this means they can easily be equipped with a capped TCI while still maintaining a strong DA when targeting Installations.
<br>Another option is to euqip for a Mixed Cutin (MxCI) instead of a TCI, its weaker against Surface targets, but equally strong against Installations.
For instance Tashkent could be equipped with Main + Main + Torp + Wildcard.
<br>Do keep in mind that TCI and MxCI Trigger Rate is still luck dependant.

==Notes:==
*in this, Wildcard refers to Anti Installation equips, mostly WG42 and T3 shells in this
*the named Setups are not recommendations, they merely are options
[[Category:Blog posts]]