<p style="text-align:center;">'''<font color=red size="6">Before The Hailstorm</font>'''</p>


<p style="text-align:center;">
</p>
<font color=red size="6">
</font>

'''<font size="3">Before Kasumi's update</font>'''

After the end of fall event which  I felt like the event is more of a farming type event because the drop itself is way…… better than the event  reward ,The only thing worh fighting for was kashima sensei, not only because I need my first Training Cruiser but her personalitiy is just really sweet !  The  kansmusu that I was originally plan to level was Haruna and yamashiro only because from the salt of Summer event 2015 , but then…….. Kasumi kai ni  was announced I decided eh, might  as well just level her since I still have 87 free slot So why not just casually level her while stockpiling right?. So after the  announcement that Kasumi kai ni will be convertible,  I was really pleased to hear that  because 1.her kai ni does not require blueprint and 2.  I can finally kai ni Chikuma since many players recommended her a lot. So before the event started I  just stockpiling resources. My main goal was to have at least 80k Fuel, 80k Ammo, 100k+ steel and at least 30k Bauxite.

<p class="MsoNormal">
</p>

'''<font size="3">After the updates</font>'''


After Kasumi kai ni update, when I look at her stats she’s kinda resemble to fubuki kai ni  but slightly higher stats than  fubuki but with kasumi’s kai ni, she can can carry FCF which is something I guess, to be honest I actually prefer keeping her as a kai ni B where she’s a AA focus DD unless I get akizuki she’s probably will be scrap after summer event 2016 only because I hate tsundere-ish character .



'''<font size="3">Prepare for battles!</font>'''

<span style="font-size:11pt;line-height:115%;font-family:Calibri,sans-serif;"><span style="font-size:11pt;line-height:115%;">So for this winter event, The dev have announce that the event will be based on operation Rei-go which mean I need to prepare Hyuuga, Ashigara, Asashimo, Ise, Kasumi, Ooyodo and this little BB Kiyoshimo</span></span>. Thankfully I kept her only because  her “BB fangirl personality” is just really outright  adorable. The kanmusus who is consider well levelled were Hyuuga, Ashigara, Kasumi and Ooyodo, while I will not train nor use Ise for this operation only because levelling another BBV takes a lot of resources and time I still going to keep until Winter event is over, After that, back to the scrap yard. As for Kiyoshimo. I just level her by  PVP-ing every day. At least she gives me motivation to level her not because she’s consider important but  SHE’S JUST SO CUTE!!! Totally worth levelling her.
[[Category:Blog posts]]