<tabber>General=
*Hi there, welcome to my blog. Looking for some way to test your KC knowledge ? You have come into the right place ! You can test your knowledge here by answering some of the KC quiz, it's pretty fun !
*Remember that '''each question worth 2 points, 2 points X 50 questions = 100 points total'''. Of course, you can look up in wikia or other sources to find the answer, whatever, but I still prefer u guys doing it on your own to see how far you can go.

|-|Quiz 1=
'''1. Who can NOT attack submarine under any circumstances ?'''
*A. Destroyer
*B. Heavy cruiser
*C. Aviation battleship
*D. Torpedo cruiser

'''2. You saw a green text on the screen during aerial combat, what does this mean ?'''
*A. You gained AS
*B. You gained AS+
*C. You gained either AS or AS+
*D. You detected the enemy successfully

'''3. You fought a PvP fleet and you are entering closing torpedo phase. Your fleet received no damage, while the opponent, who only have one DD alone, already reached moderately damaged state (Chuuha). Which of the following statements is FALSE ? (Multiple correct answers possible)'''
*A. You are guaranteed to get at least a B rank as long as you don't engage a night battle
*B. Opponent's DD can still launch closing torpedo
*C. Opponent's DD can not attack at night.
*D. Dealing damage to that opponent's DD where it's higher than her current HP at night will not completely sink her, only disable her and leave her at 1 HP

'''4. Who can NOT equip seaplane ?'''
*A. Aircraft carrying submarine 
*B. Fleet Oiler
*C. Heavy cruiser
*D. Submarine 

'''5. All Light cruisers can carry seaplane'''
*A. True
*B. False

'''6. What does Saiun do?'''
*A. Prevent Red T
*B. Increase the chance of Green T
*C. Add more air power to your fleet.
*D. None of the above

'''7. Who is the first CV that you can get via the quest ?'''
*A. Kaga
*B. Zuikaku
*C. Akagi
*D. Shoukaku

'''8. You fought a PvP battle and scored Air Parity (AP) during aerial combat, which of the following can NOT happen ?'''
*A. Opponent has saiun, yet you still roll Red T.
*B. Anti Air Cut In (From either sides)
*C. Night contact at night battle
*D. Normal contact during aerial combat

'''9. During aerial combat, you saw no text at all, but you noticed enemy contact on your radar. What does this mean ?'''
*A. You scored AS
*B. You scored AP
*C. You scored AD
*D. You scored AI

'''10. During aerial combat, you saw no text and no contact at all. What does this mean ?'''
*A. You scored AS
*B. You scored AP
*C. You scored AD
*D. Unidentified, but definitely not AS

'''11. Which of the following planes will NOT be launched during aerial combat at all ?'''
*A. Flying boat
*B. Saiun
*C. Seaplane bomber
*D. Seaplane fighter

'''12. Which of the following planes can do contact ?'''
*A. Torpedo bomber
*B. Seaplane bomber
*C. Dive bomber
*D. A and B

'''13. What does searchlight NOT do ?'''
*A. Increase our fleet's CI rate
*B. Whoever carrying it will be aimed more often
*C. Increase enemy's CI rate
*D. Increase our fleet's accuracy

'''14. What is the minimum HP the ship must have to trigger Star Shell ?'''
*A. 2
*B. 3
*C. 4
*D. None of the above

'''15. What is the formation that offers the highest rate of flagship protection ?'''
*A. Double Line
*B. Line Ahead
*C. Diamond
*D. Echelon

'''16. What is the formation that offers the best damage against enemy submarine ?'''
*A. Diamond
*B. Line Ahead
*C. Line Abreast
*D. Echelon

'''17. Any destroyers (DD) or light cruisers (CL) that have a sonar equipped and above 100 ASW stat will be able to do OASW'''
*A. True
*B. False
*C. Unidentified

'''18. CVL Zuihou Kai Ni B, who is fully equipped with bombers and has above 65 ASW stat, is able to do OASW'''
*A. True
*B. False
*C. Unidentified

'''19. All CL and DDs will alway hit submarine as long they are present'''
*A. True
*B. False

'''20. Who can NOT perform OASW without a sonar under any circumstances ?'''
*A. DE Etorofu
*B. CL Isuzu Kai Ni
*C. DD Jervis Kai 
*D. DD Asashio Kai Ni D

'''21. What is the minimum amount of ASW stat needed for DE to perform OASW ? '''
*A. 50
*B. 60
*C. 65
*D. 75

'''22. CVL Taiyou Kai Ni, who has only 1 bomber equipped, now advancing to the next submarine node. Which of the following statements is TRUE ?'''
*A. She will not perform OASW, but will do normal submarine attack during shelling
*B. She cant perform OASW if she is Chuuha
*C. She cant perform OASW without a sonar
*D. She can perform OASW even if that bomber got shot down to 0

'''23. Regarding Torpedo bomber Re.2001 G Kai, which of the following statements is FALSE ? '''
*A. Taiyou Kai Ni has only this equipped will still be able to hit submarine during shelling phase
*B. Taiyou Kai Ni has only this equipped will still be able to do OASW
*C. Hiyou Kai has only this equipped will ignore submarine completely
*D. It has AA stat, so it also contributes to our fighter power

'''24. Regarding Formation, which of the following statements is TRUE ?'''
*A. Line Ahead has the best torpedo accuracy
*B. Double Line has the best shelling damage
*C. Echelon has the highest anti-air modifier
*D. Diamond has the highest ASW damage

'''25. Who is NOT one of the starter ships ?'''
*A. Fubuki
*B. Murakumo
*C. Ikazuchi 
*D. Inazuma

'''26. Which of the following expedition does NOT give bauxite ?'''
*A. 24
*B. 27
*C. 28
*D. 11

'''27. Which of the following expedition give you fuel ? (Multiple correct answers possible)'''
*A. 11
*B. 13
*C. 37
*D. 40

'''28. Which expedition does Tokyo Express refers to ?'''
*A. 21 & 24
*B. 13 & 21
*C. 21 & 38
*D. 37 & 38

'''29. Regarding expedition, which of the following statements is TRUE ? (Multiple correct answers possible)'''
*A. For exp 5, 5 ships sparkled should give 100% Great Success
*B. For exp 24, there is a chance that you can get Great Success without sparkle
*C. For exp 37, 8 drums on 4 ships + 4 ships sparkled will guarantee Great Success
*D. For exp 38, 10 drums on 3 ships + 4 ships sparkled will guarantee Great Success

'''30. Which of the following expeditions does NOT force you to use a certain ship type as Flagship to succeed ?'''
*A. 21
*B. 24
*C. 32
*D. 40

'''31. Which ship type can launch opening torpedo without the need of Type A Kouhyouteki ?'''
*A. Submarine
*B. Light cruiser
*C. Torpedo cruiser
*D. Seaplane tender

'''32. Where does AR Akashi NOT drop ?'''
*A. 1-5
*B. 2-5
*C. 3-5
*D. 4-5

'''33. At which improvement level can Akashi Kai start failing ?'''
*A. +4 to +5
*B. +5 to +6
*C. +6 to +7
*D. Impossible to fail

'''34. Which ship type has +15 night accuracy when they are equipped with 20.3 gun family ?'''
*A. Light cruiser
*B. Heavy cruiser
*C. Slow Battleship
*D. A and B

'''35. A heavy cruiser is equipped with 2 guns + 2 torpedoes, which attack will she perform at night ?'''
*A. Double Attack
*B. Mixed Cut In
*C. Torpedo Cut In
*D. Random rolling of all of the above

'''36. A person is trying to craft planes with only 70 bauxite (Assuming all other resource input = 300). Which of the following planes can NOT pop up ? (Multiple correct answers possible)'''
*A. Shiden Kai Ni
*B. Reppuu
*C. Saiun
*D. Suisei

'''37. Which of the following maps does NOT have a fuel resource node ?'''
*A. 1-3
*B. 2-4
*C. 3-4
*D. 5-5

'''38. If you face the enemy fleet that contains only submarines, it's impossible to lose your planes'''
*A. True
*B. False

'''39. Which of the following enemies have absurdly high anti air modifier that can kill a bunch of your bombers ? (Multiple correct answers possible)'''
*A. CL Tsu-Class
*B. CA Ne-Class
*C. Artillery Imp
*D. PT Imp Pack

'''40. Who has the lowest level to remodel ?'''
*A. Sendai Kai Ni
*B. Abukuma Kai Ni
*C. Jintsuu Kai Ni
*D. Naka Kai Ni

'''41. Which of the following ships does NOT need Blueprint to remodel ?'''
*A. Naganami Kai Ni
*B. Shiratsuyu Kai Ni
*C. Arare Kai Ni
*D. Yuugumo Kai Ni

'''42. Who can carry Daihatsu Landing Craft (T89 MTLF) ?'''
*A. Kuroshio Kai Ni
*B. Shiratsuyu Kai Ni 
*C. Kagerou Kai Ni
*D. Kawakaze Kai Ni

'''43. Who can NOT carry bulge ?'''
*A. Yuugumo Kai Ni
*B. Kagerou Kai Ni
*C. Arare Kai Ni
*D. Naganami Kai Ni

'''44. Which of the following statement is TRUE ?'''
*A. Overkill protection is more preferable for DDs as they have small HP
*B. Overkill protection can not be triggered once the ships go below 29 morale (Orange face)
*C. Overkill protection can still be triggered even the ships go below 19 morale (Red face)
*D. Ships with 4n HP (HP divisible by 4) has the best chance not to fall into heavy damage (Taiha) range

'''45. What can we say about Type 98 Recon Seaplane (Night Contact) ? (Multiple correct answers possible)'''
*A. Stock equipment of Jintsuu Kai Ni
*B. Increase accuracy and CI rate of the whole fleet if it triggers
*C. Can trigger under AD
*D. Can not trigger if the slot is 0
<br/><br/><br/>
----
For question '''46-50''', imagine your fleet is having the following ships (Formation is '''Line Ahead''', top to bottom):
*'''Fusou Kai Ni''' : 2x 35.6cm Main Gun + AP Shell + Zuiun 12 (Slot '''23''')
*'''Kongou Kai Ni''' : 2x 35.6cm Main Gun + T32 Radar + AP Shell
*'''Suzuya Carrier Kai Ni''' : 3x T97 Torpedo Bomber (Tomonaga) >> (Slot '''15 12 12''') + T0 M52 Fighter (Skilled) >> (Slot '''8''')
*'''Akizuki Kai''' : 2x 10cm HA+AAFD + T13 Air Radar
*'''Shigure Kai Ni''' : 2x 10cm HA+AAFD + T13 Air Radar
*'''Choukai Kai Ni''' : 3x 15.5cm Secondary Gun + 61cm Quintuple Torpedo Oxygen

Enemy fleet has (Their formation is '''Diamond''', top to bottom): 
*'''Battleship Ta-Class Flagship'''
*'''CV Wo-Class flagship'''
*'''CV Wo-Class flagship'''
*'''Light Cruiser Tsu-Class elite '''
*'''Destroyer Ro-Class Late Model'''
*'''Submarine Ka-Class elite'''

'''46. Which of the following statements is TRUE ?'''
*A. Shigure can trigger AACI before Akizuki because hers has higher API 
*B. Akizuki will alway get to trigger AACI first as her AACI is the strongest one
*C. Fusou will not launch her zuiun in aerial combat.
*D. The zuiun Fusou launched can not be shot down by any enemies during phase 2 of aerial combat (Fleet Anti Air Defense)

'''47. What is the air state your fleet will obtain ?'''
*A. AD
*B. AP
*C. AS
*D. AS+

'''48. Which of the following statements is TRUE ?'''
*A. The submarine on the enemy side can launch torpedo and hit your ships with a very high accuracy
*B. Suzuya Carrier Kai Ni will ignore the submarine completely until every other surface enemies died
*C. Suzuya Carrier Kai Ni will ignore the submarine completely, will never attack the submarine
*D. Fusou can trigger APCI on the surface enemies, assuming we got AS/AS+

'''49. Which of the following statements is FALSE ? (Multiple correct answers possible)'''
*A. Fusou has the highest post-cap AP Shell piercing modifier 
*B. Kongou has the highest post-cap AP Shell piercing modifier
*C. Fusou will continue hitting the submarine at day even after the zuiun got shot down to 0
*D. Kongou can not trigger Artillery Spotting
'''Note''': '''Post-cap AP Shell piercing modifier''' = The extra modifier from AP Shell when equipped together with large caliber gun, granting an accuracy and firepower bonus against heavily armored targets, '''NOT''' the 1.5x modifier from APCI
<br/><br/>
'''50. Here is the damage report after day battle :'''
*'''Fusou : Taiha / Kongou : Chuuha / Suzuya : Green / Akizuki & Shigure : Taiha / Choukai : Shouha'''
*'''BB Ta-class : Green / CV Wo-class flagship x2 : The top one is Green, the bottom one is Chuuha / Every other enemies died'''
'''You are engaging a night battle, which of the following statements is TRUE ? (Choose only 3 correct answers out of 10, choose wisely !)'''

*A. Kongou will fire first in night battle 
*B. Suzuya can not attack at night 
*C. Suzuya can still trigger flagship protection should enemies go for Fusou
*D. Choukai can still trigger flagship protection should enemies go for Fusou
*E. Choukai will do night DA 
*F. Choukai will do Gun Cut In 
*G. Wo can not harm anyone at night, assuming no critical hits
*H. The Chuuha Wo can not attack at night
*I. Both E and F are incorrect
*J. Both B and C are correct

|-|Quiz 2=
'''1. A person is upgrading Type 93 Passive Sonar. Select the TRUE statement (Multiple correct answers possible)'''
*A. It can be upgraded everyday
*B. It can be converted into Type 4 Sonar
*C. It can be converted into Type 3 Sonar
*D. Either sonar converted into will not have any improvement level by default

'''2. Which of the following requirements you do NOT need in order to trigger Artillery Spotting ?'''
*A. Successful detection
*B. Successfully contact during aerial combat
*C. Plane slot must not be 0
*D. AS obtained

'''3. 2x Type 3 Sonar + Type 3 Depth Charge Projector, according to the damage calculation formula, what is the modifier does this ASW setup give ?'''
*A. 1.08
*B. 1.1
*C. 1.15
*D. 1.43

'''4. Select the TRUE statement'''
*A. All CL can carry seaplane
*B. All DD are Fast
*C. All CVL are alway forced to attack submarine if they are present
*D. None of the above

'''5. Assuming they have full of Sonar, what is the minimum amount of ASW stat most CL/DD need to reach in order to do OASW ?'''
*A. 60
*B. 75
*C. 100
*D. 120

'''6. A DD is having 83 base ASW, select the setup that can allow her to do OASW'''
*A. 2x 10cm HA+AAFD + T4 Sonar
*B. 2x T22 Kai 4 Radar + T4 Sonar
*C. 3x T3 Depth Charge Projector 
*D. 12.7cm Twin HA Gun Mount (Late Model) + T4 Sonar + T95 Depth Charge

'''7. Select the sentence that contains ships of the SAME ship type'''
*A. Etorofu, Matsuwa, Tsushima
*B. Asashio, Arashio, Sado
*C. Sendai, Agano, Maya
*D. Kongou, Akagi, Kaga

'''8. Select the sentence that contains ships of the DIFFERENT ship type'''
*A. Akagi, Kaga, Souryuu
*B. Ryuujou, Zuihou, Taiyou
*C. Hiyou, Taihou, Junyou
*D. Shoukaku, Hiryuu, Zuikaku

'''9. Select the sentence that contains ships of the SAME class'''
*A. Ushio, Fubuki, Sazanami, Oboro
*B, Asashio, Arare, Arashio, Kasumi
*C. Akizuki, Hatsuzuki, Hatsuyuki, Teruzuki
*D. Yamagumo, Asagumo, Akigumo, Yuugumo

'''10. Select the sentence that contains ships of the DIFFERENT class'''
*A. Yamagumo, Asagumo, Arashio, Ooshio
*B. Mutsuki, Kisaragi, Suzutsuki, Minazuki
*C. Kongou, Haruna, Kirishima, Hiei
*D. Hatsukaze, Maikaze, Nowaki, Akigumo

'''11. Select the ship who originally appeared as an event reward'''
*A. Minazuki
*B. Asakaze
*C. I-13
*D. Kishinami

'''12. Select the ship who originally appeared as a drop'''
*A. Gotland
*B. Prinz Eugen
*C. I-14
*D. Teruzuki

'''13. A ship that is able to do Artillery Spotting definitely can do Night Double Attack as well'''
*A. True
*B. False

'''14. A ship that is able to do Night Double Attack definitely can do Artillery Spotting as well'''
*A. True
*B. False

'''15. A ship that can do Torpedo Cut In at night definitely can't do Artillery Spotting'''
*A. True
*B. False

'''16. A guy met his opponent's Ooyodo in PvP battle. She had 20.3cm + 2 WG42 + T98 Seaplane (Night Recon) as displayed equipment, yet she was still able to do Night Double Attack against his ships. He believed that Ooyodo had extra 10cm HAG + AMG in her Reinforcement Expansion slot, that's why she was able to do NDA. What do you think about his thought ?'''
*A. True
*B. False

'''17. You were surprised that a CV who didn't launch any planes during airstrike, suddenly able to do shelling against your ships. Choose the best explanation'''
*A. The game is bugged
*B. You probably missed the animation
*C. That CV failed the detection
*D. Probably that CV didn't have fighter, so no planes were launched during airstrike

'''18. You are fighting against Hayasui Kai in PvP and you know your opponent had remove all of his equipment on Hayasui Kai in advance. Assuming your current PvP fleet is 6 DD and that Hayasui Kai will successfully detect your fleet, what is the air state your fleet will obtain ?'''
*A. AI
*B. AD
*C. AP 
*D. AS+

'''19. You are fighting against Taiyou Kai Ni in PvP, who has only 14 bombers >>, no fighters. Assuming your current PvP fleet is 6DD, that Taiyou Kai Ni will successfully detect your fleet, and your AACI successfully shoot down all of her bombers, what is the air state your fleet will obtain ?'''
*A. AI
*B. AD
*C. AP 
*D. AS+

'''20. Who can NOT perform AACI ?'''
*A. Destroyer
*B. Battleship
*C. Submarine
*D. None of the above

'''21. Which DD class does AACI Type HHR belong to ?'''
*A. Fubuki
*B. Kagerou
*C. Akizuki
*D. Yuugumo

'''22. Currently (As of December 2018), we know that there are 31 AACI types, but we have 33 API values. Which API value is NOT used ?'''
*A. 13 & 21
*B. 13 & 30
*C. 13 & 27
*D. 21 & 27

'''23. Who does NOT have their own unique AACI ?'''
*A. Makigumo K2
*B. Gotland Kai 
*C. Jervis Kai
*D. Yura K2

'''24. We know CDMG = Concentrated Deployment Machine Gun. Which of the following machine guns is NOT a CDMG type ?'''
*A. 25mm Triple Autocannon Mount (Concentrated Deployment)
*B. Bofors 40mm Quadruple Autocannon Mount
*C. 20-tube 7inch UP Rocket Launchers
*D. QF 2-pounder Octuple Pom-pom Gun Mount

<br/>
----
'''For question 25-30. We have the following ships :'''
*'''Akizuki''' : 2x 10cm HA AAFD + T13 Air Radar Kai 
*'''Hatsuzuki''' : 10cm HA AAFD + T13 Air Radar Kai + Bofors 40mm Quadruple Autocannon Mount
*'''Maya''' : 20.3cm Main Gun + Bofors 40mm Quadruple Autocannon Mount + FuMO25 Radar + 90mm Single High-angle Gun Mount
*'''Fubuki''' : 2x 10cm HA AAFD + T13 Air Radar Kai 
<br/>
'''25. Select the sentence that has the correct order of AACI shot down per slot value, from HIGHEST to LOWEST'''
*A. Akizuki - Maya - Hatsuzuki - Fubuki
*B. Maya - Akizuki - Hatsuzuki - Fubuki
*C. Maya - Akizuki - Fubuki - Hatsuzuki
*D. Akizuki - Hatsuzuki - Maya - Fubuki

'''26. Who has the highest AACI-triggering rate ?'''
*A. Hatsuzuki
*B. Fubuki
*C. Maya
*D. Akizuki

'''27. Maya Kai Ni can still trigger AACI without FuMO25 Radar'''
*A. True
*B. False

'''28. Which of the following factors affect the trigger rate of AACI ?'''
*A. Morale
*B. Fleet anti-air stat
*C. Luck
*D. Anti-air stat of the ship who is doing AACI

'''29. The fleet is facing an enemy fleet that consists of one CV Wo-Class Flagship II. Assuming no AACI will be triggered and Wo won't lose any planes during fighter combat. What is the minimum amount of bombers that Wo will lose ?'''
*A. 0
*B. 3
*C. 21
*D. 23

'''30. The fleet is facing an enemy fleet that consists of one CV Wo-Class Flagship II. Assuming Akizuki will trigger AACI and Wo won't lose any planes during fighter combat. What is the minimum amount of bombers that Wo will lose ?'''
*A. 3
*B. 19
*C. 21
*D. 24
----
<br/>
'''31. You noticed enemies launching planes at you but nothing damaged your fleet during airstrike. Choose the best explanation (Multiple correct answers possible)'''
*A. The game is bugged
*B. Enemies only have fighters, no bombers at all
*C. Enemies failed to detect your fleet
*D. Enemies had bombers, but your fleet destroyed all of them

'''32. What is the first event that introduced abyssal AACI ?'''
*A. Fall 2017 Event
*B. Winter 2018 Event
*C. Fall 2018 Event
*D. It's way before Fall 2017 Event

'''33. Who can perform AACI ? (Multiple correct answers possible)'''
*A. CL Tsu-Class
*B. Entombed Anti-Air Guardian Princess
*C. Artillery Imp III
*D. Air Defence Princess

'''34. Akizuki, who is carrying 2x 10cm HA AAFD + T22 Kai 4 Surface Radar, will not trigger AACI no matters what'''
*A. True
*B. False

'''35. Teruzuki, who is carrying 2x 10cm HA AAFD + T22 Kai 4 Surface Radar, can still trigger the strongest AACI type with +8 shot down per slot value'''
*A. True
*B. False

'''36. Who does NOT take more damage from Type 3 Shell ?'''
*A. Artillery Imp
*B. Harbour Princess
*C. Isolated Island Princess
*D. Central Princess 

'''37. Who will still attack your fleet even after getting damaged to Chuuha / Taiha during day battle ?'''
*A. Central Princess 
*B. Isolated Island Demon
*C. Northern Princess 
*D. Supply Depot Princess

'''38. Select the FALSE statement'''
*A. Northern Princess will not attack at day battle if she loses all of her bombers
*B. Northern Princess will not attack at day battle if she is Chuuha (Moderately damaged)
*C. Aircraft Carrier Princess will not attack at night if she loses all of her bombers 
*D. Aircraft Carrier Princess will still attack at night even if she is Chuuha (Moderately damaged)

'''39. Which of the following bosses does NOT have both normal and damaged form ?'''
*A. Supply Depot Princess
*B. Central Princess
*C. Isolated Island Princess
*D. Harbour Summer Princess

'''40. What is the range of abyssal equipment : Abyssal Patrolling Attack Hawk Kai ?'''
*A. Short
*B. Medium
*C. Long
*D. Very Long

'''41. Who does NOT have more than one remodel after Kai ?'''
*A. Zuihou
*B. Arashio
*C. Asashio 
*D. Zuikaku

'''42. Who have more than one remodel after Kai ? (Multiple correct answers possible)'''
*A. Kasumi
*B. Arare
*C. Saratoga
*D. Hiryuu

'''43. Select the FALSE statement'''
*A. Zuihou Kai Ni B can launch planes during airstrike even at Chuuha
*B. Zuihou Kai Ni B can launch planes during shelling even at Chuuha
*C. Zuikaku Kai Ni can not carry Jets
*D. Equipping Jets on Zuikaku will make her share the same range as Zuihou Kai Ni B

'''44. Assuming Jets don't get shot down at all, which resource will be consumed upon using Jets ?'''
*A. Fuel 
*B. Steel
*C. Bauxite
*D. It doesn't consume anything

<br/>
----
'''For question 45-50, we have the following ships, from top to bottom :'''
*'''Ise Kai Ni''' : 2x 46cm Main Gun + T0 M53 Iwamoto Fighter >> (Slot '''22''') + T98 Seaplane (Night Recon) + T2 Recon Aircraft
*'''Zuikaku Kai Ni A''' : 4x T97 Torpedo Bomber (Tomonaga) >>
*'''Zuihou Kai Ni B''' (Base ASW = '''48''') : 2x Tenzan M12 (Murata) >> + Ju 87C Kai Ni (w/ KMX) >> + Saiun >>
*'''Kasumi Kai Ni''' : 2x 10cm HA+AAFD + GFCS Mk37 Radar
*'''Abukuma Kai Ni''' : Type A Kohyoteki + 2x Quintuple Torpedo Oxygen
*'''Choukai Kai Ni''' : 2x 203mm/53 Twin Gun Mount + Searchlight + Star shell 

'''We are facing the following enemy fleet, from top to bottom :'''
*'''Standard Carrier Wo-Class Kai Flagship IV'''
*'''Light Carrier Nu-Class Kai Flagship'''
*'''Light Carrier Nu-Class Kai Flagship'''
*'''Battleship Ru-Class Flagship'''
*'''Destroyer Ro-Class Late Model'''
*'''Submarine Ka-Class Flagship'''

<br/>
'''45. What is the air state your fleet will obtain ?'''
*A. AI 
*B. AD
*C. AP
*D. AS

'''46. Select the correct shelling order of your fleet during 1st shelling phase'''
*A. Zuikaku -> Ise / Zuihou / Choukai -> Kasumi -> Abukuma 
*B. Ise / Zuihou / Choukai -> Zuikaku -> Kasumi / Abukuma
*C. Ise / Zuihou / Choukai -> Zuikaku -> Abukuma -> Kasumi
*D. Ise -> Zuihou / Choukai -> Zuikaku / Kasumi -> Abukuma

'''47. Select the FALSE statement'''
*A. Zuihou can perform OASW
*B. Ise will ignore that submarine during shelling
*C. Zuikaku can launch planes during shelling even at Chuuha
*D. Kasumi can perform AACI

'''48. Select the TRUE statement (Multiple correct answers possible)'''
*A. Ru Flagship can not do Night Double Attack
*B. Wo Kai IV can perform CVCI if you got AD or lower
*C. Nu Kai will alway launch first in the 1st shelling right after our ship's first shot, assuming they still have bombers left
*D. That submarine can not launch opening torpedo 

'''49. We know that Choukai got damaged to 1 HP left after day battle and we are entering night battle. Using the answer from question 45, select the TRUE statement'''
*A. Choukai can not use searchlight, but can use star shell
*B. Choukai can use both searchlight and star shell
*C. Triggering Night Scout is still possible
*D. None of the above

'''50. Under all circumstances, no matters what your fleet is, as long as you face a submarine in night battle, it's impossible to sink it'''
*A. True
*B. False

</tabber>
[[Category:Blog posts]]