I have never done a blog before and I'm sure that very few will ever read this. However, I was looking at my prfile and it was incredibly dull. So I'm going to overveiw my progress in Kancolle in these updates as well as progress in saving the girls we have sworn to protect. First off at the time of this post my HQ is 102 and I hold the rank of Vice-Admiral. At this time I am hording supplies to bulk up for the next event. Meanwhile in an attempt to bulster my ship girls to higher levels, I have been training my girls to certain levels based off their type (with a few exceptions). 

BB - 90

CV - 90

CVL - 80

CA - 85

CAV - 90

CL - 90

DD - (first of all I'm doing general training for most) 85

LHA (not AO, don't have her yet...) - is lvl 14 atm, but will kai before the event. Probably won't be ready for the event though.

The excptions in this case are my Germans Bismark (95) and Prinz Eugen (112)

The only other information that is note worthy is that I have been interested in making YouTube videos for some time, and originally was going to be for things such as WoWs (World of Warships) and WoT (World of Tanks) mostly with some other games if I could get good footage mixed in. However, last event I started watching DeathUsagi and have considered doing (for the time being) a average players guide to the events. I will be experimenting with this concept in the Winter 2017 event, so I guess I'll see how it goes. 

I wonder who'll we'll save this time?
[[Category:Blog posts]]