3-2A leveling used to be pretty straight forward, before the aircraft proficiency patch, but now can be a bit complicated, thanks to CV/L power inflation.

Here, I have a slightly revised setup, so that the BB's firepower isn't overshadowed by a CV/L and MVP stealing can be kept to a minimum.

It has an added bonus of allowing CL/DD to leech XP.
{| border="0" cellpadding="1" cellspacing="1" class="article-table" style="width: 500px;"
|BB
|Best Acc. gun
|Best Acc. gun
|Recon/Obs
|Best surface Radar/AP shell
|-
|CL/CLT Kai
|15.5cm main
|15.5cm 2ndary
|Recon
|
|-
|DD Kai
|<span style="font-weight:normal;">Main</span>
|<span style="font-weight:normal;">Main</span>
|<span style="font-weight:normal;">Radar</span>
|
|-
|DD Kai
|Main
|Main
|Radar
|
|-
|CAV/AV
|Zuiun
|<span style="font-weight:normal;">Zuiun</span>
|<span style="font-weight:normal;">Zuiun/Radar</span>
|<span style="font-weight:normal;">Radar</span>
|-
|
Maruyu/SS
|
|
|
|
|}
BB, should obviously get the best equipment you have, but AP shell isn't strictly necessary. CL uses daytime CI attack and DD should offer enough firepower to knock out some enemy DDs and sometimes CL. CAV/AV is there to achieve AS+, but is not herself setup with guns, because she has the chance of robbing MVP with that setup.

You can use 2CL/1DD or 1CL/2DD, but avoid 3CL and 3DD. 3CL might kill off too many ships before 2nd shelling, while 3DD might lack enough firepower when you get red-T.

CAV/AV should only be loaded with 2 or 3 Zuiun. This is because >> Zuiun is still strong enough to sink 1 ship each in the opening phase. If the CAV/AV sinks 3 ships at that point, then it has a chance of stealing MVP.

Use 5 to 6 sets of CL/DD/Maruyu you can rotate, while the CAV/AV can be permanent. 5 sets has the possibility of not allowing enough morale recovery time, while 6 sets can cause repair dock shortages, if you don't have plenty of low level Maruyus.

Red-T isn't a major huge concern here, but the enemy can survive all the way to night battle when it does happen. Don't be too worried about eating the closing torpedo strike. DD/CL on rotation usually don't take major damage and even if they do, repair times are short. If the CAV/AV takes major damage, then just bucket her. The possible occurance of this is rare enough to not warrant using a CVL with saiun.

If the enemy does survive the day, don't go into night battle, as it's typically a waste of time, ship morale and resources.
[[Category:Blog posts]]