<span style="line-height:20px;">Equipment that would have been nice to have in Summer 2015 event.</span>
*<span style="line-height:21px;">10cm+AAFD: Two to six +4★ to +9★</span>
*20.3cm(no.3): Four to eight +4★
*35.6cm: Four +9★
*41cm: Four to six +4★ to +9★
*OTO 152mm: Four to six +9★
*Type 91 AP: Two to six +9★
*61cm Quint: Six to nine +4★ to +6★
*Type 3 Sonar: Four to six +4★
*Type 3 depth charge: Two to three +4★
*Searchlight: One +9★
Secondary equipment; nice to have, but not a priority.
*12.7cm Type-B: 10cm+AAFD is just a better gun and the improvement and equipment consumption of this is not good at all.
*15.2cm: Not really necessary with 20.3(no.3), but would be nice to have two to four.
*381mm/381mm Kai: Only useful for Littorio/Roma, so only four 381mm Kai are needed. Only necessary to upgrade two 381mm into 381mm Kai +4★.
*Proto 51cm: Extremely good gun, but high resource consumption.
*90mm: Strictly a situational gun, so only one is needed. Easy and cheap to upgrade.
*Type 1 AP: Type 91 AP +9★ is cheaper and only has 1 less FP when both have same upgrade levels
*91/94AAFD: Mostly unnecessary, but good for turning into 10cm+AAFD guns.
*Radars: Doesn't see as much use in events due to night combat or Type3 loadouts, but having a few can be useful.
*Type 96 searchlight: The regular searchlight is generally more useful and this is a very expensive piece of equipment.
Useless equipment.
*14cm: Even with fit guns rules applied, OTO 152mm and 20.3(no.3) with enough improvement still offers good enough accuracy.
*46cm triple/proto: Generally, the 41cm +9★ is just a better gun. Consider the 46cm to be fodder for proto 51cm.
[[Category:Blog posts]]