If you never want to let anyone win in PvP when they face you, I think this is, theoretically, one of the hardest fleet to beat.



Yamato Kai: 41cm, 41cm, Type 98 night recon, 15m Duplex

Fusou K2: 41cm, 41cm, Ka, Zuiun M12

Yamashiro K2: 41cm, 41cm, Ka, Zuiun M12

Taihou Kai: Murata Tenzan, Egusa Suisei, Reppuu, Reppuu

Kaga Kai: Tomonaga Tenzan, Reppuu, Reppuu 601, Reppuu

Shoukaku K2A: Murata Tenzan, Ryuusei 601, Reppuu 601, Reppuu

Ideally, all equipment is max proficiency and has max or +9 improvement.

This gives around 546 fighter power, which means the opposition requires some 825 fighter power to achieve AS and this is only possible with 4CV. Shoukaku K2A and Taihou have an extreme amount of shelling power with this setup, and should be able to dish out a lot of damage, even in red-T.

Since there is, supposedly, a damage stopper mechanic, that prevents ships from getting immediately Taiha'd with an overwhelming attack, Yamato is given weaker guns that have higher accuracy and a DA setup to try and circumvent this. Likewise, Fusou and Yamashiro are also given a DA setup. AP shells are avoided, because this results in a CI attack and the extra firepower is not exactly necessary due to the damage stopper mechanic.

Ka autogyro is to prevent losing against an all sub fleet. 4 attacks with Zuiun M12 and Ka should, theoretically, hurt the subs enough to prevent victory. Even if the opponent brings a decoy sub, Yamato, Shoukaku and Taihou should be able to deal decent damage to surface ships. Anything lighter than a CA/V, excepting subs, is very unlikely to survive the opening strike unscathed, so opening strikes from CLT are not an issue.

Should your opponent bring 3CV for Air Parity and an AACI ship, they would be extremely unlikely to win in shelling phase, since your ships have lots of armor and high attack power. In the unlikely event that the opposition brings 4CV to gain AS, they will pay with bauxite and still risk not gaining S-rank victory.
[[Category:Blog posts]]