== Disclaimer ==

My first language is not English so I do not care much about grammar and spelling here, since not everyone is the native speaker.

This guide will give you some tips to survive, pass the map easier and saving more resource. All the guides about how to play are available on the Wiki.

Kantai Collection is a game purely based on RNG, everything is decided randomly by the server. If you are lucky, you win, otherwise you lose.

This page contains strong images, consider yourself before continue.

This guide is written based on my experience only.

== What is RNG? ==

To start with, RNG is the Random Number Generator. Since the beginning of the computer age, RNG has became a very important part in a game.

== Sortie ==

== PvP ==
PvP is where you can get lots of EXP daily for your ships without worrying about HQ leveling so fast. S-ranked gives lots of EXP. This will help you to get an S-ranked no matter what the enemy fleet is.

=== Define the enemy fleet type ===
Common PvP fleets is defined by [http://www.himeuta.net/f6-kancolle-guides/guide-pvp-guide-496.html this article on Himeuta]. Depends on what you need to level, your fleet will be different.

==== Leveling: DD/CL/CLT ====
Mainly DD/CL/CLT are used for ASW in PvP. If you meet a fleet on

==== Leveling: CA/CAV/BB/BBV ====

==== Leveling: SS/SSV ====

==== Leveling: CV/CVL/AV ====

==== Leveling: Other ====
Some included: [[Taigei]], [[Akitsu Maru]], [[Akashi]]. 

Actually, [[Katori]] can be treated like a CL because she can easily get MVP like any other CL, and she can attack submarines too. 

When it comes to PvP, these ships seems ''''NEVER'''' get MVP. Placing them as the flagship seems the best idea if you want them to get more EXP.

== Expedition ==

== Ship construction ==

== Equipment development ==

== Shitty systems ==

=== Artillery Spotting ===

=== Accuracy Penalty ===

=== Resource re-generation ===

=== Some other craps ===

== Conclusion ==

I have not completed the guide yet.
[[Category:Blog posts]]