The titles are not influenced by Shiratsuyu at all !
==First try==

'''Inazuma :''' What are you looking at ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Several datas... I wonder if we can try to go in this Okinoshima Island...<br />'''Inazuma :''' Are you sure this is a good idea ?<br />'''Myschin :''' We can't be sure until we try. Call Fusou, Kongou, Ise, Maya, Kaga and Soryuu please.

A moment later, the six shipgirls were reunited in the admiral's office.

'''Maya :''' Are you sure this is a good idea ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Honestly ? I'm not sure, but we need to try. You are all the strongest shipgirls in your classes in the base at the moment.<br />'''Kongou :''' I guess Maya is here because Hiei isn't ready yet.<br />'''Fusou :''' And Ise instead of my beloved Yamashiro for the same case ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Yes but it should be fine. We have enough equipment for everyone.<br />'''Kaga :''' Do you really think that our planes will be enough ?<br />'''Myschin :''' I'm not sure but we need to find out anyway. If anything go wrong, we will retreat immediately.

The fleet headed to the area and managed to easily win the first battle.

'''Maya :''' They already bring some Elite forces right for the first battle ? This is gonna be a tough campaign.<br />'''Kongou :''' It's just some Light cruisers and a Heavy cruiser, what can go wrong ?<br />'''Compass girls :''' Nyohohoh, maybe you already forget about us ?<br />'''Fusou :''' Now it's hard for me to become angry because my sweet Yamashiro is waiting for me at the base.

At the naval base, Yamashiro sneezed and start to shake in fear.

'''Ise :''' No need to become angry rght from the start. Please spin the compass fairies.<br />'''Kaga :''' You should speak to them with a more manacing voice.<br />'''Ise :''' Meh, I do things the way I want.<br />'''Compass girls :''' Spinning time !

And the needle pointed to the North-West.

'''Kongou :''' This is NOT GOOD at all, we gonna run out of fuel and ammo if we reach the boss !<br />'''Soryuu :''' What should we do admiral ?<br />'''Myschin, through microphone :''' Let's advance, we need to see what await us and how we can deals with the opponents fleets.

The fleet pick up some ammo they found on the road, then they encountered an abyssal fleet.

'''Maya :''' Yeah, let's rock !

The girls managed to win this time again.

'''Fusou :''' That was rather easy.<br />'''Myschin :''' By the way, you didn't encounter new comrades ?<br />'''Kongou :''' No admiral, no NEW FACE was found.<br />'''Myschin :''' It would be nice if we can find Shimakaze along the way. Nobody is severely injured ?<br />'''Maya :''' Only scratch damages here, no need to worry.<br />'''Myschin :''' Then advance again please.

While the fleet headed to the next node...

'''Soryuu :''' This is bad, the approaching enemy fleet has strong planes.<br />'''Kaga :''' So we have ! We won't be defeated that easily.

And the meeting occured.

'''[[Standard Carrier Wo-Class|Wo-class Aircraft Carrier]] Flagship :''' Woo ! Hellooo shipgirls ! Ready for another round of rekt time ?!<br />'''Kaga :''' Another ?<br />'''Myschin, realizing :''' AH ! That golden-glowing Wo-Class is here too ?!<br />'''Wo-class :''' Of course ! Wo do you think you could meet ? I'm everywhere when someone need to be sink ! Now attack planes !<br />'''Soryuu :''' This is bad ! They have 3 carriers on their side !<br />'''Kongou :''' Be careful !

The abyssal planes managed to heavy damage Ise and Kaga

'''Kaga :''' What ?! How can this be ?!<br />'''Ise :''' Tch, they got me !<br />'''Wo-class :''' STRIKE AGAIN ! Wohoho ! Now sink !

A fierce battle began between the shipgirls and the abyssals, but the latters clearly have advantage.

'''Myschin :''' Reporting the situation please.<br />'''Fusou :''' This is bad admiral. Ise, Kaga and Maya are heavily damaged, Soryuu and Kongou took moderate damages.<br />'''Myschin :''' Retreat ! It's our loss.<br />Wo-class : Wohohoho ! I Wock ! Come again shipgirls, we will rekt you again !

Back at the base...

'''Myschin :''' Guess we are not ready for this area yet.<br />'''Maya :''' I'm gonna have my revenge for sure !<br />'''Myschin :''' Mmmh, sorry Maya but when Hiei will be ready, she will remplace you in the fleet for this campaign. We will also need more good planes.<br />'''Kaga :''' Yes, please do admiral.<br />'''Myschin :''' That's all for today, now please take a rest, and the damaged girls, go to the docks please.

In the evening...

'''Myschin :''' OK, I know that I'm still a newly-assigned admiral, but I wish we have a submarine in our base...<br />'''Inazuma :''' We need to search more in the adjacent seas toward the naval base-nanodesu.

Shouhou entered in the office.

'''Shouhou :''' Ah... Hmm sorry, I'll come another day...<br />'''Myschin :''' Wait a second please. What do you want Shouhou.<br />'''Shouhou :''' Well, I was thinking of spending the night with you if you accept it, but it seems that Inazuma was faster than me.<br />'''Inazuma :''' I'm not planing to stay here for long...<br />'''Myschin :''' And I accept you offer Shouhou, please stay there.<br />'''Shouhou, blushing a little :''' Y-Yes, thank you admiral.

Later, after Inazuma leave the office.

'''Shouhou :''' Admiral I... I was really thinking about the fact that you really want to meet my sister as soon as possible.<br />'''Myschin :''' I do a Carrier-based construction everyday but I have to pray really hard...<br />'''Shouhou :''' I realised that I want to meet her as soon as possible too. I want to have a sister too ! Ryuujou is really nice with me, but she's more of a close friend.<br />'''Myschin :''' Erm... Do you feel that you could see her as your girlfriend ?<br />'''Shouhou :''' No... I can't do that. And I wanted to let you know about my feelings...<br />'''Myschin :''' Yeah, that's what I said to the girls on my first day. Do not hide what are thinking when it comes to something like this...<br />'''Shouhou :''' And I can't give you enough thanks because you trust me no matter what.<br />'''Myschin :''' You deserve a better faith than I can see in most of the others bases.<br />'''Shouhou :''' Thank you admiral...

Shouhou soon fell asleep on the admiral's shoulder.

'''Myschin :''' You must be really tired... Tomorrow we will take a break I think...
==First assigned swimsuit ?!==

'''Kongou, heavily damaged :''' Sorry admiral... I was careless.<br />'''Ise :''' Nah, the compass girls are in a bad mood and the abyssals have some determination to bully us today.<br />'''Myschin :''' I see... Then let's take a break and we will restart the sorties for the dailies quests.

Then a happy Shiratsuyu entered the office.

'''Shiratsuyu :''' Admiral, admiral ! It's happening ! I can be remodeled now ! I will be the number one to wear a swimsuit among my sisters !<br />'''Myschin :''' Eeeh, nice... But Shigure and Yuudachi are already remodeled right ? Why they don't have a swimsuit ?<br />'''Shiratsuyu :''' As impatient as Yuudachi is, she said that she can't wear a swimsuit until her second remodel.<br />'''Myschin :''' Hu ? But the second remodels always come with some high levels. Most of the shipgirls here are around 20/25.<br />'''Shiratsuyu :''' Well, it is time for me right ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Alright, let's remodel you.

A few moment later, in the arsenal.

'''Myschin, not looking to the curtain :''' Are you done ?<br />'''Shiratsuyu :''' Give me a minute please... Ta-dah !

Shiratsuyu drew the curtain and revealed herself, wearing a white short and a black swimsuit.

'''Myschin :''' Who... Whoa...<br />'''Shiratsuyu :''' So ? How I am ?<br />'''Myschin :''' You're... You're really pretty you know ?<br />'''Shiratsuyu :''' Eheh, thank you admiral... AH !

Suddenly, she slipped and stumbled against the Admiral, both of them failing on the ground.

'''Myschin :''' Ow ow ow, are you alright ?<br />'''Shiratsuyu :''' I'm fine, thank you.<br />'''Myschin :''' Wait, what is that sensation ?

The admiral realized that Shiratsuyu's chest was pressing against his torso.

'''Myschin :''' Whoa... That's not good !<br />'''Shiratsuyu :''' Eh ?<br />'''Myschin :''' What if someone see us like that ?<br />'''Shiratsuyu :''' What do you mean ? It's a normal situation right ?<br />'''Myschin :''' With your large breasts pressing against me, that could be see as an attack.

Shiratsuyu rose up and start to rub her chest with his hands.

'''Shiratsuyu :''' They grow larger for sure, but they are not THAT large...<br />'''Myschin :''' For me it's more than usual for a regular destroyer... I fear about some others reactions.<br />'''Shiratsuyu :''' So admiral, do you want to play with my breasts ?<br />'''Myschin :''' ... No, I'm not this kind of person.<br />'''Shiratsuyu :''' Maybe it's true, you don't even nosebleed...

Then she pressed her chest against the admiral, who can't escape.

'''Shiratsuyu :''' I just want to show you a proof of my affection toward you.<br />'''Myschin :''' I prefer regular hugs from behind, not face to face.<br />'''Shiratsuyu :''' As your wish...

They spend 10 more minutes in this situation. Later, back in his office...

'''Myschin :''' So, with Suna's advices, we could easily start to farm submarines in the adjacent sea...<br />'''Inazuma, stare :''' ...<br />'''Myschin, not noticing :''' By using 1 aviation battleship and 1 light carrier with 2 light ships, we can secure a path to the boss's area...<br />'''Inazuma :''' Nanodesu...<br />'''Myschin :''' Hmmm ? Something wrong Inazuma.<br />'''Inazuma :''' Yes... You sure took your time with Shiratsuyu in the arsenal...<br />'''Myschin :''' ... Did you saw us ?<br />'''Inazuma :''' Yes.<br />'''Myschin :''' So you saw that we didn't do anything wrong together.<br />'''Inazuma :''' Yeah but... I want some affection too.<br />'''Myschin :''' ... Then just ask please ?<br />'''Inazuma :''' Wait, you can right now ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Yes, I was just planing a new comp for our research for submarines, but if you want some attention.<br />'''Inazuma :''' Then let me sit on your lap and give me a hug please.<br />'''Myschin :''' As you wish.

Soon after, Inazuma fell asleep.

'''Myschin :''' Damn, I can't move and I don't want to wake her...

Nagatsuki entered the office.

'''Nagatsuki :''' Ah, I bother you I guess ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Nah, it's fine. Do you want something ?<br />'''Nagatsuki, blushing a little :''' Y-yeah...<br />'''Myschin :''' Come, don't be shy. Take a chair and come to my side.<br />'''Nagatsuki :''' How can you guess what I'm thinking ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Remember, I'm a magician after all.<br />'''Nagatsuki :''' Somehow I wish I could visit those other worlds you were talking about when we met for the first time.<br />'''Myschin :''' I'm sure it's not really safe for your shipgirls, but maybe, in some quiet places... Actually something bother me more.<br />'''Nagatsuki :''' What is it ?<br />'''Myschin :''' The fact that Inazuma develops more attachment to me, I can easily guess she begin to feels a little jealous toward the affection I can give to others girls. It's not a bad thing, but since I'm a male and all of you are female...<br />'''Nagatsuki :''' Meh, you told us to not hide our feelings for others right ? Then you just have to say to her that you don't want to cut corners.<br />'''Myschin :''' I like how you can answer that naturally.

Later in the day, the admiral managed to explain to Inazuma what he talked about with Nagatsuki. The Destroyer accepted the situation with a honest smile and apologized for being too sentimental this earlier.

----

In the Evening.

'''Myschin :''' So, any report here ?<br />'''Shouhou :''' Our fleet can now reach the boss with a ratio of 100%, but win against the boss is still hard.<br />'''Ise :''' I need more Zuins for this task.<br />'''Shouhou :''' And sometimes we can took heavy damages from the boss itself.<br />'''Ise :''' But it's fine and...<br />'''[[Sazanami]] :''' Cut it out with the talking ! I'm here too you know ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Hu ? What ?<br />'''Shouhou, Ise :''' Ah... We forgot...<br />'''Shouhou :''' So yeah, while we were searching for a allied submarine, we found this energetic girl on our way to the boss's node.<br />'''Myschin :''' Ah I see, so why don't you introduce yourself young lady ?<br />'''Sazanami :''' Lady ?! I'm Ayanami-class Destroyer 'Sazanami', Master. You write it like this, but read it as 'Sazanami'.<br />'''Myschin :''' "Master" ?! We're not in a harem anime you know ?<br />'''Sazanami :''' Ah ? But that Light cruiser girls let me read the previous part of this fanfic and some ecchi stuff happened right ?<br />'''Myschin, Shouhou, Ise :''' ...<br />'''Myschin :''' You talking about Naka right ?<br />'''Sazanami :''' Probably.<br />'''Myschin, sighing :''' Oh well, guess I can't stop her for doing things like that... Anyway Sazanami, all of your sisters are here. You can dismiss and go see them.<br />'''Sazanami :''' Thank you very much master !

The destroyer left the office quickly.

'''Myschin :''' I just realise something...<br />'''Ise, Shouhou :''' ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Sazanami was the last "common" destroyer to come in our base if I refer to the list of known shipgirls... She's also the destroyer that I would have pick the last when I was assigned. Now we only miss "rares" destroyers.

----

On the Communication Network

'''Peluche :''' I'm super-excited for the upcoming Event !<br />'''Suna :''' ... I'm more worried than anything else, and you should be too.<br />'''Peluche :''' Why ? My kanmusus are strong and I have a lot of them. I could even do it with the shiplock...<br />'''Suna :''' I'm not sure, you weren't here the last year for AL/MI... Summer Events are the hardests in the year.<br />'''Peluche :''' You're too pessimistic !<br />'''Cap'tain Fist :''' Well...<br />'''Myschin :''' I'm sure I'm not ready at the moment, I don't even have the 4th fleet unlocked, I miss Kirishima and Haruna.<br />'''Peluche :''' I've found Kongou on my side so everything is right. I have decent resources and everything, it will be fine, really !

Peluche left the chat*

'''Suna :''' Peluche overestimates this Event and it worry me a lot.<br />'''Myschin :''' I don't know...<br />'''Cap'tain Fist :''' Meh at worst, Peluche will learn about the Events with the hard way.
==First submarine !==

The next day, in the adjacent sea in front of the naval base...

'''Ise :''' Ahah, well done Shouhou !<br />'''Shouhou :''' You're not bad either !<br />'''Sendai :''' Those two...<br />'''Natori :''' They are very friendly toward each other...<br />'''Ise :''' So, we managed to win a perfect victory this time and it's the second time today. I wonder if we can encounter a new friend...<br />'''Sendai, Natori :''' Wait, there is someone here...

Later, in the admiral's office

'''Shouhou :''' Admiral, we have found a new comrade that will make you happy to see.<br />'''Myschin :''' Oh ?<br />'''[[I-58]] :''' Hello ! I-58 here ! You can call me Goya. I'm not bitter !<br />'''Myschin :''' Woah ! Well done girls ! Our first submarine is finally here.<br />'''I-58, empty eyes :''' So, tell me admiral, when I will start the Orel cruise ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Eh ? Orel Cruise ?<br />'''I-58 :''' You know, fuel everywhere, no break for entiere days...<br />'''Myschin :''' Please calm down, our resources are quite good so far and we don't need to go in Orel to found fuel. Plus, you are our first assigned submarine here. Sending you alone would be a waste of time, and you have no experience so far.<br />'''I-58, tears in the eyes :''' So no Orel Cruise for me ?!<br />'''Myschin :''' Let's just say that maybe when our resources will be low AND when we will need a lot of resources, then MAYBE we will have to do the Orel Cruise, but for now, you're gonna train with the others and act like a tank.<br />'''I-58 :''' Sounds good for me yay !

Unfortunately for I-58, her first sortie was a failure because she ended up heavily damaged right in the first battle, but nobody blamed her for that.

----

During Daily constructions.

'''Myschin :''' Say Soryuu, I do input 300 fuel, 30 ammo, 600 steel and 400 bauxite right ?<br />'''Soryuu :''' Yes admiral.<br />'''Myschin :''' So why we did end up with a Kagerou ?!<br />'''Soryuu :''' It can happen sometimes. Even Light carriers aren't that common with the right formula.<br />'''Myschin :''' Suna told me that is quite rare when it happen... Oh well, we will have another chance next time.

----

Later in day

'''Myschin :''' So hum, the training is quite good so far.<br />'''Fusou, sparkling :''' Yes admiral fufufu, the Bashi island is now where we compete to see who can be the MVP.<br />'''Myschin :''' Right, and now it's the turn of Yamashiro to go in the area... I wonder what Destroyer we can send with her...<br />'''Fusou :''' How about Shigure ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Eh ? Are you sure this is a good idea ?<br />'''Fusou :''' Sure, at least we will have a cute scene between the two.<br />'''Myschin :''' I guess I can give a try.

Then Shigure was called to the admiral's office.

'''Shigure :''' What is it admiral ? I was busy stalk... I mean, I was about to go to see Yamashiro and...<br />'''Myschin :''' Well, I want you to go to the Bashi Island with Yamashiro.<br />'''Shigure :''' Eh ?!<br />'''Myschin :''' The fleet will go as soon as you are ready.<br />'''Shigure, blushing so hard that his entire body turn bright red :''' Waitwaitwait a second ! I can't go just like that !!<br />'''Fusou, amused :''' Why not ? Now go !<br />'''Shigure :''' I'm not ready !!

And then, during the next sortie in Bashi Island...

'''Yamashiro :''' Aaaah, I can take a break from nee-sama's heavy affection. It's so nice.<br />'''Ashigara :''' We managed to go the boss's node. Let's fight and bring victory to the admiral !<br />'''Hiyou :''' Ah, this is bad, there is 2 Wo-class Elite at the boss's node.<br />'''Yuudachi :''' I don't fear them-poi ! Let's go Shigure !<br />'''Shigure, still bright red :''' Uuuh...<br />'''Wo-class Elite :''' What is that ? Did the shipgirls managed to find a way to turn into Elite shipgirls ?<br />'''Ri-class Elite :''' Now you say it, yeah that's true ! How is that even possible ?!<br />'''Hiyou :''' The heck are they talking about ? We can't trun into Elite mode...<br />'''Yuudachi :''' Well they talk, like, about Shigure-poi.

Everyone, including Yamashiro, turn his head to look at Shigure.

'''Shigure :''' NOOO ! Don't look at meee !

Then the abyssal planes come and heavily damaged Shigure.

'''Yamashiro :''' Curse you abyssals !

Yamashiro managed to one-shot the Wo-class who damaged Shigure.

'''Yamashiro :''' Are you alright ?!<br />'''Shigure, nosebleeding :''' T-T-Too...<br />'''Yamashiro :''' Fear not, I'll carry you back to the base.

Then Yamashiro pick up Shigure and brought her back to the base.

'''Shigure, barely conscious :''' * Too close *.

'''Myschin :''' So in the end, she is too shy to tell Yamashiro her true feeling.<br />'''Fusou :''' Don't worry admiral, she will success one day.

This night, Yamashiro spend the night at Shigure's recovery and fall asleep while waiting for the Destroyer to feel better. When Shigure finally feels better, she noticed that Yamashiro was here and she fainted at the same moment.
==First repeated retirement==

'''Myschin :''' So, it seems that Shigure really can't stand on her feets when you are around her.<br />'''Yamashiro :''' That poor girl...<br />'''Myschin :''' But I have an idea. If you put a wig on your head, maybe she will not recognize you ?<br />'''Yamashiro :''' Why do I have to wear a wig ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Well, you can do impersonate your sister.<br />'''Yamashiro, shaking :''' I'm not sure...<br />'''Myschin :''' Let's try anyway, today we will try several times to go in this Okinoshima Island and it will be a good opportunity for some Destroyers to gain more experience as the flagship.<br />'''Yamashiro :''' If the destroyer flagship is heavily damaged then we are forced to retreat.<br />'''Myschin :''' Yeah but currently it's the same as if any low-level ship was in the fleet. As for your case, let's just try once to see what will happen with Shigure.

For the first attempt, Shigure, Yamashiro who wearing a wig and looks like Fusou, Kongou, Ashigara, Ryuujou and Soryuu went to the Okinoshima area. They managed to take a good way to the boss, until they met an abyssal fleet with 3 Wo-classes and 1 Ru-class for the third and last-before-the-boss battle, who heavily damaged Soryuu.

'''Soryuu :''' Why only me ?!<br />'''Shigure :''' Maybe it's some kind of bad luck ? What do you think about this Fusou ?<br />'''Yamashiro, still wearing a wig :''' Ah... Such misfortune maybe ?

Back at the naval base for resupply and a little break.

'''Myschin :''' Did Shigure notice anything ?<br />'''Yamashiro :''' No, she didn't...<br />'''Fusou :''' That's my little sister for you ! You gonna do it again right ?<br />'''Yamashiro :''' Urks, do I have a choice please ?<br />'''Myschin :''' At worse, it will take only 2 more attempt, I promise.

Second attempt in the Okinoshima area, same fleet, and stangely same path and abyssal fleet met during the trip, but this time...

'''Ashigara, heavily damaged :''' Shit ! I can't believe I've taken this much damage...<br />'''Kongou :''' Hey you freakin' abyssals ! Why only damaged one of us ?!<br />'''Soryuu :''' Do you really expect them to answer you ?<br />'''Ru-class Battleship :''' To concentrate on one target is easier than aiming for multiple targets.<br />'''Soryuu :''' ...<br />'''Ryuujou :''' Let's retreat anyway !

Later at the naval base, during the next break...

'''Ashigara :''' Uuuh, I'm so sorry admiral...<br />'''Myschin :''' It's not your fault. Go to the dock, Maya will take your place in the fleet. Who else don't want to go again ?

Ryuujou and Soryuu raised their hands.

'''Myschin :''' Shouhou, can you go instead of Ryuujou ?<br />'''Shouhou :''' Sure admiral, I'm ready whenever you want.<br />'''Myschin :''' And for CV... Guess we have to rely on Kaga.<br />'''Kaga, pokerface :''' Oh my, we will achieve victory this time.<br />'''Kongou :''' If the compass don't mess up-desu.<br />'''Shigure :''' Where is Yamashiro by the way ?<br />'''Yamashiro :''' Well...<br />'''Myschin :''' I asked her to stay with Ise. Stay there Shigure, we will try one last time

For the third time in a row, Shigure, Yamashiro, Kongou, Maya, Kaga and Shouhou went to Okinoshima. This time, the fleet took the South-East route until...

'''Compass Girls :''' You again ? You should learn to stop try when it's all futile.<br />'''Kaga :''' If I was in a better condition, I would shoot at you so hard !<br />'''Compass Girls :''' It's spinning time !

And the needle pointed to the West.

'''Kongou :''' BLOODY HELL ! Another dead end !<br />'''Maya :''' 3 Wo-class and a Ru-class ?! Damn !<br />'''Wo-class :''' Let's aim at...

Shouhou took heavy damages from the 3 enemies squadrons.

'''Shouhou, sad :''' This is so unfair...<br />'''Ru-class :''' Well done, Wo-class.<br />'''Kongou :''' Eat my BURNING RAGE !!

Kongou aimed at the Ru-class and one-shot her.

'''Wo-class :''' Wo ! This is war now !

A fericious battle occured, until...

'''Shigure :''' Watch out Fusou !<br />'''Yamashiro :''' Ah...

An abyssal plane managed to hit Yamashiro, which led the wig on Yamashiro's head to fall off.

'''Shigure :''' W-w-w-whaaat ?!<br />'''Maya :''' Stay focused !

In the end, the fleet managed to claim a S-rank victory and returned to the base.

'''Kongou, pissed :''' DAMNIT ! We failed again !<br />'''Shouhou :''' The enemy force is strong...<br />'''Maya :''' I'll make them pay sooner or later !<br />'''Kaga :''' Did I made a mistake ?<br />'''Myschin :''' No, and this is Shiranui's line in the first place.<br />'''Yamashiro, holding Shigure in her hands :''' So erm...<br />'''Shigure, blushing so hard she's completely red :''' Waaah, it was Yamashiro all this tiiime ! I can't believe it !<br />'''Fusou :''' Fufufu, how cute of her.<br />'''Myschin :''' Well ladies, take a break for now. Nobody will sortie this afternoon. We will try this evening a few time again during the dailies quests.

This evening, a fleet composed by Inazuma, Fusou, Kongou, Maya, Soryuu and Kaga went again in the Okinoshima area, only to be defeated 3 times in a row.

On the Communication Network...

'''Myschin :''' Damnit this is way harder than I though :/<br />'''Peluche :''' Did you choose Double Formation ? You should, it could let you pass thoses abyssal fleets more easily.<br />'''Myschin :''' But there is a higher risk to get hit.<br />'''Suna :''' In your case, the best you can do is keep trying until you will success.<br />'''Myschin :''' Yeah... Now excuse me guys, Kongou is seriously injured and I need to reassure her before she fell into depression.<br />[Myschin left the chat]<br />'''Suna :''' And this is only the Okinoshima island...
==First rare duplicate==

The next day...

'''Myschin :''' Are you feel better Kongou ?<br />'''Kongou :''' Yes, THANK YOU admiral !<br />'''Myschin :''' Today we will only train in the Bashi Islands, No more Okinoshima until we are more prepared !

-----

In a newly-fitted library near the admiral's office, Kikuzuki was reading some book, and Mikazuki was sitting close to her.

'''Kikuzuki :''' What is it Mikazuki ? I can feel that you are staring at me.<br />'''Mikazuki :''' Kikuzuki I... I am in love with you !<br />'''Kikuzuki :''' ... What ?<br />'''Mikazuki :''' I discovered that I'm more attracted by girls than boys. I'm a lesbian, and I love you Kikuzuki !<br />'''Kikuzuki :''' Well, the commander said that we must not hide our feelings toward the others. So, currently, it's not that I don't love you, but you took me by surprise.<br />'''Mikazuki :''' I still love you Kikuzuki, I want to be with you, I want you to be close to me.<br />'''Kikuzuki :''' Are you sure you are not influenced by thoses thin books you read earlier ?<br />'''Mikazuki :''' No ! I'm not horny for you... * Not yet... *. Can I give you a hug ?!<br />'''Kikuzuki :''' As long as I can still read quietly my book, fine by me.

-----

The heavy cruisers's common room.

'''Nachi :''' Argh ! Why the admiral don't train us ?!<br />'''Tone :''' Yeah ! We are strong in the first place !!<br />'''Haguro :''' Maybe we are too weak in his eyes ?<br />'''Myoukou :''' Calm down, there must be a reason why the admiral don't level us. Maybe he don't care about us...<br />'''Chikuma :''' If he don't care about us, then why we are here ?<br />'''Ashigara :''' Well... The admiral said that he was interessed in me because of my personality...<br />'''Nachi :''' I can't understand ! You are so hot-blooded to begin with !<br />'''Ashigara, embarrassed :''' ...<br />'''Atago :''' For sure the admiral don't like big chests... That's very uncommon among male admirals. Usually it concern only the youngs ones, but the admiral is not so young.<br />'''Mogami :''' He said that he prefers inner beauty rather than outer beauty.<br />'''Takao :''' Ah ? But he really appreciate the Destroyers. Does it mean he is a lolicon ?! * Blush *<br />'''Maya :''' Cool your head, if the admiral was a lolicon, the MP would have already arrest him.<br />'''Choukai :''' You are strangely quiet Aoba. I though that heard this kind of gossip will awake your curiosity...<br />'''Aoba :''' Quit it ! I must consider myself lucky to not have experimented the same kind of trauma he gives to Tatsuta !<br />'''Furutaka :''' Speaking of this topic... Does anyone really know what happened to Tatsuta at that moment ?<br />'''Maya :''' Yeah, Inazuma told me about that. She said that the admiral have some kind of... "unindescribable pets", but the admiral said that he will tell us more about this later.

-----

In the evening, at the construction docks...

'''Myschin :''' Thank you for your help Kaga.<br />'''Kaga, pokerface :''' No need to thank me admiral, but I want to come back in my room to entertain my beloved Akagi-san.<br />'''Myschin :''' Sure, sure, I just need your help for the dailies recipes.<br />'''Kaga :''' Let's do this quickly !<br />'''Myschin :''' A 4 hours and 30 minutes timer ? * Sparkling * IS THAT SHOUKAKU OR ZUIKAKU ?!<br />'''Kaga, pokerface :''' No, it's not.<br />'''Myschin, pouting :''' Awww come ooon ! Call the flame-thrower fairy !

And the newly constructed shipgirl was... A new Akagi.

'''Kaga, pokerface :''' OH MY !<br />'''Myschin :''' ...Kaga, you're noseblooding right now.<br />'''Kaga, sparkling :''' Admiral, for me it's the same as if you have found your 5th CarDiv.<br />'''Myschin :''' ... Yeah but Akagi is already here you know.<br />'''Kaga :''' Keepig a duplicate ship isn't forbidden.<br />'''Myschin :''' Yeah that's true, but I'm the only one here who can allow a duplicate to stay in our base or not, and I want to say that we can't keep her.<br />'''Kaga, menacing voice :''' I refuse to let you scrap her !<br />'''Myschin :''' You didn't remember that I said that I would NEVER scrap a shipgirl. We will just send her back to a civilian life. What prevents you to visit her sometimes ?<br />'''Kaga :''' That's true...<br />'''Myschin :''' And as rich as you can be, I seriously doubt that you can keep feeding 2 Akagis the same way you feed our Akagi.<br />'''Kaga, realizing something :''' Ah... ORZ. You win admiral, let's send her to the civilian life... But are you planning to keep some duplicate ships in the base ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Yes, but I still don't know which duplicates will stay.

-----

On the Communication Network

'''Peluche :''' Dude ! You crafted a second Akagi and you didn't keep her ?!<br />'''Myschin :''' The first one is barely over Lv1, why would I keep a duplicate ?<br />'''Suna :''' You should have, for the upcoming Event. The shiplock will be there for sure.<br />'''Myschin :''' Yeah yeah, remember you talk to someone who is still stuck in the Okinoshima Islands...
==First major announcement==

Somewhere in a abyssal place...

'''Hime#1 :''' That's it ! Our next Operation is scheduled and ready ! Soon, we will make most of the despicables admirals cry into despair !<br />'''Hime#2 :''' Fufufu yes ! This time, our operation will give them an even worse trauma that AL/MI !!<br />'''Hime#3 :''' Nyahahah I can't waaaiiit !! I'll make my comebaaack and siiink those poor girls nyahahah !<br />'''Hime#1 :''' Wow, she is really excited !<br />'''Hime#2 :''' Fufufu, that's understandable after all, the previous time she fought, it was during the IronBottom Sound Event fufufu.<br />'''Hime#4 :''' Must... Inflict... Pain ! They must feel ! The same pain we endured !<br />'''Hime#1 :''' Don't worry sweetie, I know you are in a hurry too.<br />'''Hime#5 :''' ...<br />'''Hime#2 :''' Why so quiet ? You are among the strongests of us ! You will crush them easily right ?<br />'''Hime#5 :''' ... Yes...<br />'''Hime#4 :''' Want to see... The moon... Again !<br />'''Hime#3 :''' Come on come on COME ON ! I WANT TO SINK SOME SHIPGIRLS RIGHT NOW !!<br />'''Hime#2 :''' Endure it for 13 days, then enjoy.

-----

On the Communication Network

'''Suna :''' So it's finally revealed...<br />'''Myschin :''' What ?<br />'''Peluche :''' Headquarters has announced it : Next Event will be "Counter-Attack ! Second SN Operation !" ! I can't waaait !!<br />'''Suna :''' I have a REALLY bad feeling about this. This operation was huge in the past...<br />'''Myschin :''' ... It's just the announcement right ? The Event won't start tomorrow ?<br />'''Suna :''' No, it will start in 13 days.<br />'''Myschin :''' Good, now I can quietly look for [https://gamesdonequick.com/tracker/index/sgdq2015 that marathon] who start soon.<br />'''Suna :''' THAT marathon ? You're really a nerd for it...<br />'''Myschin :''' But it's cool and fun to watch >< !<br />'''Suna :''' Don't complain if you lack some preparations for the Event.

-----

'''Myschin :''' How are you feeling now Inazuma ?<br />'''Inazuma :''' ... My chest is still the same...<br />'''Myschin :''' ... And beside that ?<br />'''Inazuma :''' I feel... Completely fine... I must thank you commander-nanodesu.<br />'''Myschin :''' I wanted to let you be the first to be fully modernised the first. You can give the maximum of yourself now.<br />'''Inazuma :''' There is still a long path to the maximal level I can reach...<br />'''Myschin :''' No need to hurry for this. We have time, even with the upcoming Event.<br />'''Maya :''' Are you sure about your decision admiral ?<br />'''Myschin :''' I didn't say that we will do nothing for the next week, just that everything will be more casual.<br />'''Ashigara :''' Because you want to look at that... How do you named it again ?<br />'''Myschin :''' It's SGDQ, standing for Summer Games Done Quick. The office will be open 24H/24 if you want to look it with me.<br />'''Mochizuki :''' Me me ME ! I want to see it !<br />'''Myschin :''' Alright, alright.

Soon after [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTlW1-uuoas&t=1160s&index=1&list=PLz8YL4HVC87Xx03RPsi3F2j73Ax2OeTZ- the start of the marathon]...

'''Mochizuki, vexed :''' Thoses people put my skills to a shaaame !<br />'''Yayoi :''' Why don't you improve them ?<br />'''Mochizuki :''' I will ! For sure !<br />'''Myschin :''' Erm Yayoi...<br />'''Yayoi :''' Yes commander ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Why are you sitting on my knees ?<br />'''Yayoi, sparkling :''' Because it's the best place to look at your marathon thing. I almost want to purr.<br />'''Inazuma, sitting to the left of the admiral :''' Awawawa, to think that I could have been here before she arrives.<br />'''Shiratsuyu, sitting to the right of the admiral :''' Wow, there is no way that I can become the number one in any of those games...
==First funny assignment==

Next day in the evening.

'''Ise :''' Admiral ? We found a new comrade while we went to watch the Line at the Nansei Islands.<br />'''Myschin :''' Oh ? I wonder who it is.

Nagara entered the office.

'''[[Nagara]] :''' I'm Light Cruiser Nagara ! Please take good care of me !<br />'''Myschin :''' For sure, welcome in our base Nagara. All of your sisters are here...<br />'''Isuzu :''' No, we still miss Kinu in the whole Nagara-class.<br />'''Myschin :''' Ah, my bad...<br />'''Nagara :''' Worry not. More importantly, do you have anything related to sports ?!<br />'''Myschin :''' I guess. There is a gym in this base, and some facilities...<br />'''Nagara :''' Hooray ! I could maintain my form with that !<br />'''Myschin :''' Sportive hu ?<br />'''Nagara :''' Very much yes.<br />'''Myschin :''' And a cheerful personality as well. Isuzu, guide her to the gym.<br />'''Isuzu :''' Yes admiral, thank you.

After the Light Cruisers left the office, the admiral starting to watch the SGDQ marathon again, until...

'''Myschin :''' Crap, I almost forget the constructions from yesterday !

He run toward the constructions docks, where all of the 3 timers showed that the constructions were finished.

'''Myschin :''' If I remember correctly, one of them had a time of 1 hour. It would be funny if it's Nagara again...

And it turns out that the admiral was correct. The 1 hour-timer Recipe was indeed another Nagara. A few minutes later, Shigure joined the admiral for the dailies constructions.

'''Shigure, pouting :''' ...<br />'''Myschin :''' Something bother you ?<br />'''Shigure :''' Yes admiral... I'm here for you, aren't I ?<br />'''Myschin :''' This is Ikazuchi's line.<br />'''Shigure :''' I'm serious here... Why don't you look at me more ? It is because I'm not wearing a swimsuit despite the fact that I'm remodeled like Shiratsuyu ?<br />'''Myschin :''' I can't be here for everybody...<br />'''Shigure :''' And you tricked me the other day with Yamashiro. Admiral, I'm disapointed in you !<br />'''Myschin :''' I'm really sorry...<br />'''Shigure :''' ... Give me some affection please.<br />'''Myschin :''' ... A hug will be fine ?<br />'''Shigure :''' Please be frontal.

They proceeded and Shigure closed her eyes.

'''Shigure :''' I want more attention from you admiral.<br />'''Myschin :''' Well, why don't come looking the SGDQ marathon with me ?<br />'''Shigure :''' There is too much people in the office.<br />'''Myschin :''' So you want a private time with me ?<br />'''Shigure, blushing a little :''' Yes... Right now will be fine.

A few minutes later...

'''Myschin :''' So, what do we have now ? It's the first time I see a 2 hours-timer. Flame-thrower fairy please !

The recipe opened up, revealing an elegant woman in traditional japanese clothes.

'''[[Houshou]] :''' I'm Aircraft carrier, Houshou. Although I'm inexperienced, I look forward to your guidance.<br />'''Myschin :''' Oh, a new face in our base... It's always good... Inexperienced you say ?<br />'''Houshou :''' I'm a old Light Carrier after all.<br />'''Myschin :''' And you never fought before ?<br />'''Houshou :''' Very few times. By the time of war, I was already outdated.<br />'''Myschin :''' Oh well, I guess the other Carriers will take care of you.

-----

'''Myschin :''' ...<br />'''Houshou :''' Oh my...

All the carriers were kneeling in front of Houshou.

'''Myschin :''' What is happening here ?<br />'''Houshou :''' Well I was the very first carrier to be commissioned, so it make me some kind of mother to other carriers...<br />'''Myschin :''' ... I see<br />'''Kaga, sparkling pokerface :''' Don't worry admiral ! We will take good care of Houshou !<br />'''Myschin :''' Don't overdo it, it's all that I ask...
==First experience==

The next day, after a regular sortie in the Bashi Island...

'''[[Kirishima]] :''' Is the microphone's volume good ? Check, 1,2... Okay. Nice to meet you, I'm Kirishima.<br />'''Naka :''' Gwaaah ! Are you trying to steal my place as the idol of the fleet ?!<br />'''Myschin :''' Calm down a little Naka... Nice to meet you Kirishima. It's a great news that our fleet encountered you. You are the third Kongou-class assigned here.<br />'''Kirishima, adjusting her glasses :''' Third ? Who is missing ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Haruna...<br />'''Kirishima, sparkling :''' I'll show you that I will never loose to Haruna !!<br />'''Myschin :''' Erm... Okay ?

After Kirishima left the office, Kongou came in.

'''Myschin :''' What's the deal with Kirishima who don't want to loose to Haruna ?<br />'''Kongou :''' That... This is an old rivalry because Haruna is supposed to be more skilled than her despite the fact that they are twins-DESS.<br />'''Myschin :''' So something not to worry a lot.

A moment later...

'''Myschin :''' ...<br />'''Kaga, pokerface :''' No matter what you say admiral, I'll come with Houshou !<br />'''Soryuu :''' Me too, me too !<br />'''Houshou :''' I can do it all by myself you know ?<br />'''Myschin :''' This is supposed to be Houshou's first battle and we only go into the line at the Nansei Islands...<br />'''Kaga :''' Doesn't matter !!<br />'''Myschin :''' I still think it's a bit overkill to bring 2 CV along with Houshou...<br />'''Soryuu :''' So what if something happen to Houshou ?!<br />'''Myschin :''' Just... Retreat I guess ?<br />'''Kaga :''' We will search and destroy those abyssals ships !<br />'''Myschin :''' Oh well, we have a lot of resources after all... Guess we can make an exception for this time.

But in the end, Houshou was still heavily damaged in the first node with abyssal carriers, to Kaga and Soryuu's despair, but...

'''Houshou :''' Why did you order us to retreat ?! I can still fight you know !<br />'''Myschin :''' Carriers can't attack when they are too much managed, and even in your state, it can result in a sink, and I can't allow that !<br />'''Houshou, pouting :''' Tch, I want to learn to fight more !<br />'''Myschin :''' ... Are you... Hungry for battles or what ?<br />'''Houshou, sulking :''' I want to prove that I'm not useless !<br />'''Myschin :''' By making Kaga and Soryuu fainted just because they have see you in a damaged state ? Please be more careful in the future...<br />'''Houshou :''' I can't guarantee that...<br />'''Myschin :''' You will just make the other worry too much. For now, please remain the motherly figure the others carriers love so much.<br />'''Houshou :''' Yes admiral...

Way later in the night, the admiral continued to watch his marathon with a sleepy Mochizuki and Yuudachi who was sleeping of his lap...

'''Sendai :''' Sup' admiral ! Still not sleeping ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Of course not, I don't want to miss some parts of the SGDQ marathon, even if it mean that I have to stay awake the whole night.<br />'''Jintsuu :''' Admiral, you will not be in a good shape tomorrow...<br />'''Myschin :''' I know, I know, but it have happened several times already.<br />'''Naka :''' That maybe explain why the story take so long to be uploaded.<br />'''Myschin :''' This mean nothing.<br />'''Sendai :''' Anyway, I want to watch it with you admiral ! Can I sit next to you ?<br />'''Mochizuki, half-awake :''' Wooon't gave up my place...<br />'''Myschin :''' And I don't want to awake Yuudachi yet.<br />'''Sendai :''' I'll sit next to Mochizuki then.<br />'''Jintsuu :''' Nee-san...

Few seconds later, the three Sendai-classes where sitting with the admiral and the 2 destroyers on the couch.

'''Sendai :''' I wonder if you will accept the other kind of night battle with me...<br />'''Myschin :''' No, it's not something you can do so casually...<br />'''Sendai :''' My bad, I'm sorry... On a more serious note, do you think you have a chance in the upcoming Event ?<br />'''Myschin :''' The only real thing that bother me is that I hope that we can find Harusame in it, and Zuihou, and Kiyoshimo.<br />'''Jintsuu :''' For Zuihou, you can try to craft her...<br />'''Myschin :''' So far I failed...<br />'''Naka :''' Cheer up admiral ! You will find her in this Event, for sure.<br />'''Myschin :''' For the Event itself, I doubt that I can finish it. So far, we don't have any second remodel in our force, that might be a huge problem. Well, we have to try it at last, I just hope it wouldn't be as punishing as the Okinoshima Islands...

And the next day, the admiral slept until the middle of the afternoon.

'''Jintsuu :''' I warned you admiral...<br />'''Myschin :''' Sorry if you have worried. But we managed to do the dailies exercises before the limit. The Destroyers were very happy to go on expeditions too.<br />'''Jintsuu :''' And Sendai nee-san is still sleeping...<br />'''Myschin :''' Don't worry, she will awake for the dailies sorties since there can be some night battles.

Later on, Shiratsuyu entered the office after coming back from an expedition.

'''Shiratsuyu :''' Admiral, the operation's over, the fleet's come back, yeah ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Good good... Wait a second ! Aren't you carrying more resources than usual ?!<br />'''Shiratsuyu :''' That's because the operation was a great success, yes !<br />'''Myschin :''' Great success... Because you were happy ?<br />'''Shiratsuyu :''' Maybe ?<br />'''Myschin, patting Shiratsuyu's head :''' Great work anyway. Hope we can do it with great success again.<br />'''The 3 others ships who participed in the expedition :''' So unfair ! We want a pat too !

During the dailies sorties...

'''Myschin :''' It's hard to reach the transports nodes in the Bashi Islands with a CV or a CVL in the fleet. So let's try a formation without any of them. Sendai, you will lead them.<br />'''Sendai :''' Yay ! Hope there will be night battles !<br />'''Myschin :''' Since the fleet is 2 CL 1CA 3DD, there is high chances for that.<br />'''Sendai :''' Woooh ! Let's go ! I can't wait !<br />'''Jintsuu :''' Nee-san, are you sure you are in a good shape ?<br />'''Sendai :''' Sure, don't worry !

And after that particular sortie...

'''Sendai, heavily damaged :''' The fleet has returned ! We managed to sink 4 transport ships !<br />'''Jintsuu :''' NEE-SAN ! YOU'RE HURT !<br />'''Sendai, smiling :''' Nothing but a scratch.<br />'''Myschin :''' Seriously Sendai, fortunately it was a end node and you didn't have to advance after the battle, go to the repair docks please !<br />'''Sendai :''' Ok Ok...

The admiral decided to follow her at the repair docks.

'''Sendai, naked in the repair dock :''' So you really want a night battle with me if you want to see my naked body~<br />'''Myschin, sitting next to the dock, turning back :''' I'm not here for that. Sendai, I noticed so far that you took a lot of damages. It has nothing to do with the fact that you sleep a lot during the day, but really, does something bother you ?<br />'''Sendai :''' ... You worried about me ? How nice of you. But you know, I'm a warrior on a battlefield so it's normal for me to took damages. I like to try riskier strategies and it works most of the time. And also, I only do those when I'm able to fight. Otherwise you would tell us to retreat right.<br />'''Myschin :''' It explain a lot... Jintsuu worry a lot you know ?<br />'''Sendai, laughing :''' Ahahah, that sister of mine worry too often you know ? She need her second remodel to gain more confidence in herself.<br />'''Myschin :''' You know Sendai... My admiral comrades who were assigned almost as the same time as me does actually have already some of their shipgirls remodelled twice, but I'm the type of admiral who like to take my time. What is the point of doing all too fast when you can enjoy your time ?<br />'''Sendai :''' Admiral, that choice is your, and your only. We will respect it not matter what.
==First major reunion==

'''Myschin :''' Good morning Tatsuta, you finally choose to wear a swimsuit too ?<br />'''Tatsuta :''' Erm... Yes admiral ? What do you think about it ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Honestly ? It makes you really pretty.<br />'''Tatsuta :''' Ah... Thank you admiral. I hope Tenryuu will enjoy it too...

Later, Tenryuu said that she was shocked by how beautiful Tatsuta looked. All of the shipgirls were also gathered in the front of the base.

'''Samidare :''' What's the meaning of this ? Why we are not in the briefing room ?<br />'''Suzukaze :''' I heard that the admiral want to show us something big...<br />'''Maya :''' It's not the first day of the Event, so what can be so important to gather us all ?

Finally, the admiral and Inazuma appear on a scene in front of all the shipgirls.

'''Myschin, with a microphone :''' Greeting ladies, I'm here to tell you some special things. First of all, the Headquarters send us a message, and it's important. The upcoming Event, the 2d Operation SN, will be the largest Event ever done since the beginning of the war.<br />'''Hiyou :''' The largest ? And here we thought that AL/MI was pretty long...<br />'''Kaga :''' This is not good to heard.<br />'''Myschin :''' Apparently, there will be [[Summer 2015 Event|7 operations in this Event]].<br />'''All shipgirls :''' 7 ?!<br />'''Kongou :''' Whoah, that make a LOT-dess !<br />'''Mogami :''' Indeed, it's the first time ever that we have to do 7 missions in a Event, outside the search for new comrades.<br />'''Myschin :''' I spoke with my friends about that, and even my mentor worry a lot. Apparently, most of the admirals everywhere is this world are feeling uneasy about this. This could be the biggest abyssal attack we have to face.<br />'''Kuma :''' Oh crap, What if they bring their most powerful Himes on the battlefield-kuma ?!<br />'''Kasumi :''' We are doomed !

A lot of worries were raised among the shipgirls.

'''Myschin :''' Ladies, I can perfectly understand that you are worried about the fact that our base is not experienced enough to face an all-out attack by the abyssals, BUT ! Here's the thing, you all know that I'm not an ordinary human. I can travel between different worlds easily and I can summon spell and creatures through magic cards.<br />'''Yura :''' Yes, we all know about that.<br />'''Myschin :''' Ladies, I swear I will protect this base from all sorts of attacks and nobody here will be hurt as long as you will be there.<br />'''Mutsuki :''' How are you gonna do that ?<br />'''Myschin :''' I have a question to ask all of you first. Do you believe in my powers ?<br />'''All :''' Yes admiral.<br />'''Myschin :''' Can you trust me about what you will see in a few moments ?<br />'''All :''' Yes admiral.<br />'''Myschin :''' Finally, I want to ask you to not panic.<br />'''All :''' ...<br />'''Tatsuta :''' Ah... Does it means... * Gulp * It's THEM ?!<br />'''Myschin :''' Yes Tatsuta, you has the honor to see them but you were took by surprise. Now you are prepared. They will not hurt anyone here, I promise !

Then the admiral took several cards and let them fly in the sky. A few seconds later, the cards transformed into some [http://magiccards.info/roe/en/13.html indescribable] [http://magiccards.info/roe/en/9.html creatures] [http://magiccards.info/roe/en/5.html with tentacles] and [http://magiccards.info/roe/en/2.html strange shapes]. Some of the shipgirls fainted, some other were staring at the flying creatures with fear.

'''Myschin :''' Let me introduce all of you to my most dangerous creatures, the world-destructives beings known as the eldrazis.<br />'''Murasame :''' They... They are beyond any definition of uglyness !<br />'''Natori :''' W-World-destructive beings ?!<br />'''Myschin :''' Fear not ladies ! Those creatures are under my command ! I fought them in the past and now they obey me as their master and tamer. None of them will hurt you. As ugly as they can appear, they will actually protect you from any kind of threat we can face !<br />'''Takao :''' Isn't that against the rules ?!<br />'''Myschin :''' No, as long as they stay around the base and do nothing other that protect the base from outside attacks, I am allowed to summon them and let them stay here.<br />'''Chitose :''' I'm still scared...<br />'''Myschin :''' I can understand that but please trust me at the moment.<br />'''Fumizuki :''' ADMIRAL ! Can I ask you a question ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Please do Fumizuki.<br />'''Fumizuki :''' Does those creatures feel anything ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Yes, right now they are filled with the determination to protect the base and all of you.<br />'''Fumizuki :''' Can I touch one of them please ?<br />'''Kagerou :''' What ?! Are you crazy ?!<br />'''Myschin :''' Are you sure Fumizuki ?<br />'''Fumizuki :''' Yes ! I want to confirm something...

The admiral called one of the eldrazi to land next to him. Then Fumizuki approached and touched a tentacle of the creature.

'''Fumizuki :''' ... They are friendly~ !

A column of light start to raise above Fumizuki.

'''Fumizuki :''' They may be not beautiful but I can feel that they will protect us~<br />'''Satsuki :''' Are you really sure about that ?<br />'''Nagatsuki :''' Did you EVER doubt something said by our sister ?<br />'''Satsuki :''' Of course not !<br />'''Nagatsuki :''' Them it's decided !

One by one, all of the shipgirls started to accept the presence of the eldrazis in the base's grounds.

'''Myschin :''' Wait a second you eldrazi spawn ! Are you BLUSHING O_o ?!

The indescribable creature, even if she didn't have a face, was blushing.

'''Myschin :''' I can't believe this... It's the first time ever that I have seen an eldrazi actually have that kind of feel for a fellow living being !<br />'''Fumizuki :''' Hi hi hi admiral~

The light start to bright brighter and brighter

'''Myschin :''' Aaaargh ! That purity is too strong for meee !

After he recovered from Fumizuki's "assault", the admiral called back his eldrazis and eveyone returned to their normal activities.

'''Inazuma :''' That is really something-nanodesu... Those creatures...<br />'''Myschin :''' There were merciless when I fought them the first time. But even so, I'm more afraid by Fumizuki now. That girl has so pure intentions that she can sympathize with them !<br />'''Inazuma :''' So what's next ?<br />'''Myschin :''' We still need more planes for the carriers. Call Soryuu of the crafts and Kako for the constructions.

But no good planes were crafted today...

'''Soryuu :''' Auuu, I'm so sorry admiral...<br />'''Myschin :''' It's not your fault Soryuu, the randomness of the crafting is the worst.<br />'''Kako :''' Admiral, one of the timer for the Recipes is 4 hours and 10 minutes.<br />'''Myschin :''' Eh ? It's the first time something like that happen right ? Call the Flame-thrower fairy please !

And then the new shipgirl revealed herself...

'''[[Hiryuu]] :''' I'm aircraft carrier Hiryuu. Leave the carrier battles to me, I can fight on against any and all adversity.<br />'''Soryuu :''' WOAH ! My partner in the 2nd CarDiv !<br />'''Hiryuu :''' Aaaah Soryuu ! I missed you so much !

Kako and the admiral remind speechless for a couple of seconds.

'''Myschin :''' So erm... Welcome in our base I guess ?<br />'''Hiryuu :''' Yes admiral, I'll do my best to help you !<br />'''Myschin :''' So you are a part of the 2nd CarDiv ? Guess that now the Nagumo task force is reunited.<br />'''Hiryuu :''' Oooh, so Kaga and Akagi are here too ? It will be a nice reunion.<br />'''Myschin :''' I guess you have a lot to talk after a certain battle that occured in the past, right ?<br />'''Hiryuu :''' Yes, the infamous attack on Midway.

The next day, the admiral had some business outside of the naval base, but he left some instructions who led the shipgirls to have a great success in some expeditions. He returned in the evening, and while the fleets do the dailies quests, Kikuzuki entered the office, alone.

'''Myschin :''' Good evening Kikuzuki, do you want to stay with me for the night ?<br />'''Kikuzuki :''' I don't know commander... Actually... I'm worried...<br />'''Myschin :''' Ah, something happened ?<br />'''Kikuzuki :''' More or less... Since we know that the upcoming Event will be the 2nd Operation SN, I'm feeling uneasy...<br />'''Myschin :''' Maybe because you were involved in a part of this operation ?<br />'''Kikuzuki :''' Probably but... I'm not sure I can do it...<br />'''Myschin :''' ... You know, I keep saying that I will not shine in this Event and I only care about finding some on the shipgirls I'm looking for. The most important thing here, it's to do our best.<br />'''Kikuzuki :''' Doing my best...<br />'''Myschin :''' Remember, you will be soon remodeled and you and your sisters play an active role during the dailies quests.<br />'''Kikuzuki :''' But we failed at the Naval Base Adjacent Sea Route.<br />'''Myschin :''' That, it's only because the enemy was too strong and we didn't prepare this mission correctly, by my fault. You don't have to worry about that defeat. Remember, we are not invincibles.<br />'''Kikuzuki :''' I see... Commander, you are not the best, but at least you are someone that we can trust without any doubt.<br />'''Myschin :''' Thank you Kikuzuki...<br />'''Kikuzuki :''' Also, Mikazuki will probably come sooner or later. She said to me that she love me.<br />'''Myschin :''' Love as the lesbian meaning ?<br />'''Kikuzuki :''' Yes...<br />'''Myschin :''' I can't give you advices but... Just keep being yourself ?
==First real attack==

On the Communication Network...

'''Peluche :''' Woh ! I'm already in world 4 !<br />'''Suna :''' Good for you !<br />'''Myschin :''' ...<br />'''Peluche :''' It's really not that hard...<br />'''Cap'tain Fist :''' Our resources are not that high but with the Softcap, it's easy to manage them.<br />'''Myschin :''' ...<br />'''Suna :''' Something wrong Myschin ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Y-Yeah...<br />'''Peluche :''' Still locked in Okinoshima Island ? Don't worry, this happen a lot to some admirals.<br />'''Suna :''' You just have to keep trying until you will success.<br />'''Cap'tain Fist :''' Come on, don't give up !<br />'''Myschin :''' It's... It's not that...<br />'''Suna :''' So, what happened ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Suna, remember that infamous alarm clock of yours ?<br />'''Suna :''' ...<br />'''Myschin :''' This morning... Maya woke me up with an imitation of THAT atrocious voice !!<br />'''Peluche :''' What are you talking about ?!<br />'''Suna :''' Oh well... To make it short, while Myschin was staying at my base in the past, he was awoken by my Tokitsukaze with his [http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/kancolle/images/0/0f/Tokitsukaze-Idle.ogg characteristic voice].<br />'''Cap'tain Fist :''' Ah...<br />'''Peluche :''' So Myschin was left with a trauma ?<br />'''Suna :''' Sort of...<br />'''Myschin :''' That infamous spawn of Evil !! Whyyy ?!<br />'''Cap'tain Fist, Peluche :''' Woah dude, he is severely affected.<br />'''Suna :''' Who would not ^^" ?<br />'''Myschin :''' I'll take a break, some of my shipgirls can remodel. I'll come back later.

At the arsenal...

'''Maya, kneeling :''' I'm so sorry admiral !<br />'''Myschin :''' This is fine really ! You couldn't know before...<br />'''Maya :''' I'll do anything in order to repair my fault.<br />'''Myschin :''' Just go on the dailies sorties with the fleet please.<br />'''Maya :''' Yes admiral, right now !

Maya left the arsenal quickly.

'''Myschin :''' So... Hey Murasame, are you done with your remodel ?<br />'''Murasame :''' Ufufu~, almost done almost done~

And a few minutes later...

'''Murasame :''' Tadah ! Murasame, ready for the summer with my beautiful swimsuit !<br />'''Myschin, feeling uneasy :''' Glup...<br />'''Murasame :''' Oh my admiral, are you shocked by my outer beauty ?<br />'''Myschin :''' And here I though that Shiratsuyu has large breasts, but yours are way more bigger !<br />'''Murasame :''' Ohoh... You want to touch them~ ?<br />'''Myschin :''' No !<br />'''Murasame :''' You know, my swimsuit is tight...<br />'''Myschin :''' Stay back !<br />'''Murasame, start rubbing her chest :''' Ufufu~ admiral... The truth is... Now that I'm remodeled, I'm feeling like a mature woman. And I need to feel the skin contact with a man.<br />'''Myschin :''' Are you heat or what ?!<br />'''Murasame, moving toward the admiral :''' In fact~, I want to have a night battle with you RIGHT NOW !<br />'''Myschin, stepping back :''' You must control yourself !<br />'''Murasame :''' I can't~. My desires are too strong~

Then she jumped on the admiral, who fell on the back. He was trapped.

'''Murasame, licking her lip :''' Ufufu~ Thank for the food~

She started to approaches her face close to the admiral's.

'''Myschin, confused :''' * This is bad this is bad THIS IS BAD !! I can't even use my spells to avoid this ! *

Then, the sound of a loaded gun was heard.

'''Inazuma :''' Can I know what are you doing Murasame-san ?<br />'''Murasame :''' I'm about to sexually eat the commander.<br />'''Inazuma :''' Move another inch and I'll shoot you in the head !<br />'''Murasame, turning to face Inazuma :''' And what a little Destroyer like you can do against (Her voice started to change to a panic tone) meeeeeee ?!<br />'''Inazuma :''' Naaanodesuuu...<br />'''Murasame :''' I... I'm sure we can negotiate !<br />'''Inazuma :''' No negotiation !<br />'''Murasame :''' Calm down please...<br />'''Inazuma :''' Leave the commander alone.<br />'''Murasame :''' Ahahah right...

The Destroyer stand up and face her colleague, smaller than her. The admiral stand up too.

'''Myschin :''' Inazuma, you saved my life in a sense...<br />'''Inazuma :''' I though you were more prepared for a situation like that.<br />'''Myschin :''' She took me by surprise.<br />'''Inazuma :''' Commander... Please be more serious.<br />'''Myschin, sighing :''' Yes yes... Now leave the arsenal Murasame please !<br />'''Murasame :''' You won this time, but I haven't loose the war yet ! I'll keep attacking everyday !!<br />'''Inazuma, pissed off :''' I WON'T ALLOW THAT-NANODESU !!<br />'''Myschin :''' Calm down Inazuma, calm down. It's over for now. She will never success in her operation again.<br />'''Inazuma :''' It's not like that I want to keep you for myself...<br />'''Myschin :''' No, I can understand that you want me to keep the things goes on without resulting in a global love war of chaos.<br />'''Inazuma :''' What are you gonna do for this then ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Don't worry, I'm protected right now. One of my ability is to face any form of attack to learn how to counter it. I swear that Murasame will never seduce me with some sneak or night attacks.<br />'''Inazuma :''' Can I trust you of this one ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Just wait until this night and you will see.

And effectively, Murasame did try to "attack" the admiral in his sleep but he managed to avoid the Destroyer's attempt to kiss him on the mouth, awoke and then lead Murasame to her room without any other incident. The next morning...

'''Myschin :''' See ? Told you.<br />'''Inazuma :''' ... Guess I have to apologize to doubted you commander.<br />'''Murasame, passing by :''' I'm not defeated yeeet !<br />'''Fusou :''' Yes yes, now come with us, we have some transports ships to sink in the Bashi islands.
==First risk taking ?==

7 days remains until the Event start... Kongou, Ise, Fusou, Yamashiro, Soryuu and Kaga came back from Okinoshima Islands, for the countless time...

'''Kongou :''' The fleet has returned admiral...<br />'''Myschin :''' Let me guess... Dead end or heavily damaged on a pre-boss node...<br />'''Ise :''' The second one...<br />'''Myschin, hitting his fist on the table :''' DAMNIT ! The randomness of the Coastal Refinery Zone seems nothing compared to this.<br />'''Fusou :''' The enemies are stong too, they even have some Flagship units among them...<br />'''Myschin, breathing hard :''' OK ok... Calm down... Let's give up for today girls. Go take a rest in your rooms. Injured shipgirls, go to the repair docks.

-----

On the Communication Network...

'''Cap'tain Fist :''' You failed again ?<br />'''Peluche :''' You sure are unlucky...<br />'''Suna :''' But most of the time, you can take the path who will lead for sure to the boss node right ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Most of the time... Around 70% of the time actually.<br />'''Suna :''' If you really want to progress then... Maybe you should start considering to take some risks.<br />'''Myschin :''' What do you mean ?<br />'''Suna :''' I'm saying that you will have to advance with heavily damaged ships on the next battle if you are keep stopped at a preboss node...<br />'''Myschin :''' So you're telling me to risk the life of some of my shipgirls in order to win this operation ?<br />'''Suna :''' You should consider that option yes.<br />'''Myschin :''' NEVER !!

The admiral screams so loudly that the entiere base heard it. Some of the shipgirls came to see what happened.

'''Suna :''' Maybe it's the only way for you to advance to the next area.<br />'''Myschin :''' I refuse to risk the life of any of my shipgirls !<br />'''Suna :''' You do have some Repair teams right ? Use it if you don't want to loose your shipgirls.<br />'''Myschin :''' Facing a near-death experience like that ? I wonder if there is any real use for them if they are consumed before a pre-boss node<br />'''Suna :''' But you're the admiral of your base, so it's up to you to think about the situation.<br />'''Myschin :''' Yeah, I'll think about this later... I'm exhausted, I'll come back later<br />[Myschin left the chat]

Then the admiral saw a lot of shipgirls who were looking at him.

'''Inazuma :''' Admiral I... I'll follow you everywhere until the end !<br />'''Kuma :''' You said that with so much determination-kuma...<br />'''Maya :''' Really, you have balls admiral !<br />'''Fusou :''' I'm so proud to be one of your shipgirl right now.<br />'''Myschin :''' I do said earlier that I will never let one of you sink, and I'll keep my promise !

After a cheerful conversation, things went back to normal, and the dailies constructions were carrying false hopes with another Akagi in the carrier recipe, and a second I-58 that the admiral decided to keep just in case.
==First Crane !==

6 days remains until the Event start...

'''Myschin :''' Woah, there is a Kongou Kai ni in a opposite team for dailies exercises... Who can deal with a ship like that ?<br />'''Hiei :''' Excuse me admiral, I'll take care of that traitor !<br />'''Myschin :''' In which way she is a traitor ?!<br />'''Hiei :''' She's with the enemies !<br />'''Myschin :''' But it's just a harmless exercise !!<br />'''Hiei :''' She's not MY Onee-sama !!

And despite the fact that Hiei was still low-leveled, she managed to win over the opposite team's Kongou Kai ni with ease ! The admiral noticed that Hiei can be very scary when it comes to Kongou and he was reassured to know that Kongou is strong enough to deal with her sister. Later, in the evening...

'''Myschin :''' Thank you for your help Hiryuu.<br />'''Hiryuu :''' It's really nothing commander.<br />'''Myschin :''' Let's input those resources for the carrier recipe ! 300 fuel, 30 ammo, 600 steel and 400 bauxite !<br />'''Myschin, Hiryuu :''' And go !

The timer showed a time of 6 hours.

'''Myschin :''' Hiryuu !!<br />'''Hiryuu, surprised :''' Y-yes admiral ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Pinch me !<br />'''Hiryuu :''' Erm, yes admiral...<br />'''Myschin :''' I feel the pain, it's not a dream !! Flame-thrower fairy !!<br />'''Hiryuu :''' You are really motivated all of sudden...<br />'''Myschin :''' There is a good reason for that !!

The Recipe opened up, revealing a twin-tailed girl.

'''[[Zuikaku]] :''' Second of the Shoukaku-class aircraft carriers, the younger sister Zuikaku. The lucky carrier, you say ? That's not it, I just fight with all my might... As long as I have planes, I won't lose !<br />'''Myschin :''' Aaaah finally !!<br />'''Zuikaku :''' Whoah there, you are very excited...<br />'''Myschin, sparkling then grabbing Zuikaku's hand :''' But of course ! I was looking for you !<br />'''Zuikaku :''' Ah ?<br />'''Myschin :''' You have no ideas on how long I have awaited this moment.<br />'''Hiryuu :''' Actually, less than a month...<br />'''Zuikaku :''' I'm not that special you know...<br />'''Myschin :''' You are from the 5th CarDiv !<br />'''Zuikaku :''' Yes yes... Let me guess, the 1st CarDiv is already there and kicking ass everywhere on the battlefield...<br />'''Myschin :''' I do admit that Akagi and Kaga are here since a quit long time but I always wanted to prove that YOU, 5th CarDiv, can be as useful as any other carrier.<br />'''Zuikaku :''' ...<br />'''Myschin :''' I want you to become one of my strongest carriers in this base.<br />'''Zuikaku :''' If Kaga and Akagi are already there, there is no way that I can surpass them.

The admiral explained the situation of the base to Zuikaku.

'''Zuikaku :''' You are stuck in Okinoshima Island and you want me to team up with Kaga in order to conquer that area ? Hey admiral, don't push my luck that much would you ?!<br />'''Myschin :''' Of course you will train a lot to match, then surpass Kaga !<br />'''Kaga, menacing pokerface :''' And I have nothing to say about this admiral ?<br />'''Zuikaku :''' Gh ! As expected from you 1st CarDiv ! You are always that sharp !<br />'''Kaga :''' You will have to train VERY HARD if you want to match my skills !<br />'''Myschin, standing up to face Kaga :''' She will prove you that she is not inferior to you.<br />'''Kaga :''' We will see that...

Kaga left the office.

'''Zuikaku :''' Damn, I don't have any chance to shine...<br />'''Myschin :''' Don't worry, I trust you. Actually, let's start with some easy battles. I need to repair some ships to validate a quest.

But even with 2 level 1 Destroyers as escort, neither them or Zuikaku were damaged, and it took a sortie into Okinoshima islands and wait until the third battle to see a shipgirl damaged by a foe. And it was Kaga on the top of that.

'''Kaga :''' Happy now ?<br />'''Myschin :''' To think that we have to go in a dangerous area to let you took damages...<br />'''Zuikaku :''' Indeed, it was scary !!<br />'''Myschin :''' I'm afraid to tell you that you will see this area a lot more in the next days ^^'
==First official lesbian couple==

5 days remains until the start of the Event.

'''Myschin :''' How is the training so far ?<br />'''Zuikaku :''' I want to say... Pretty good ? Every time I get hit, I'll shoot at the opponent who damaged me.<br />'''Myschin :''' You are skilled.<br />'''Zuikaku :''' If you say so...<br />'''Myschin :''' No really, I think that when you will be really ready, the Okinoshima island will be a walk in the park.<br />'''Zuikaku :''' I'll continue to train then...<br />'''Myschin :''' Don't push yourself too hard too.

-----

In the adjacent seas of the naval base...

'''Ise :''' Look look Shouhou, aren't those two really cute together ?<br />'''Shouhou :''' Well... Yes ?<br />'''Kikuzuki :''' ...<br />'''Mikazuki, hugging Kikuzuki :''' Kikuzuki~, I love you so much~<br />'''Kikuzuki :''' Why the commander wanted me to go with you ?<br />'''Mikazuki :''' I don't know but I'm happyyy~<br />'''Ise :''' Awww, so cute !

The team managed to easily win at the boss's node with a Perfect S-rank ! After the sortie...

'''Kikuzuki :''' So commander, why did you sent us together ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Well, I have a good news for you. Both Mikazuki and you can remodel now.<br />'''Kikuzuki :''' So you wanted us to remodel at the same time eh ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Are... Are you mad about this ?<br />'''Kikuzuki :''' Actually... No, I am rather happy about this.

And so, Mikazuki and Kikuzuki were remodeled together. The white-haired destroyer enjoyed more the situation now, and her partner was even happier.

'''Myschin :''' Ah, seeing this kind of happiness is why I wanted to become an admiral too.<br />'''Inazuma :''' It's a nice way of thinking commander-nanodesu.<br />'''Myschin :''' Now I wonder who will train until the remodel...<br />'''Inazuma :''' Shouldn't you train some shipgirls until they reach Kai ni ?<br />'''Myschin :''' That would take too long time and the Event is very close. I think that we need more remodelled shipgirls to diversify a little.<br />'''Inazuma :''' It's your choice-nanodesu.<br />'''Myschin :''' Hmm, I think I know who will train next...

A few second later...

'''Natori :''' Eh ? Me ? Are you sure admiral ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Why not ? You trust me now and you're having some difficulties to fight actually, don't you ? I want to help you...<br />'''Natori :''' I'm not sure... I'm scared...<br />'''Myschin :''' If it can makes you feel better, I'll come with the fleet for the next sortie.<br />'''Natori :''' You... You don't have to, you know ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Don't worry, it's fine.

Later, during a sortie in the Bashi Islands.

'''Myschin :''' See ? It's fine.<br />'''Natori, with tears in the eyes :''' Uuuh...<br />'''Compass girls :''' Ohoh, the admiral is here too ! Try to harm us and we'll report you to the Headquarters !<br />'''Myschin :''' I have no intentions of harming you. Spin your compass and let us go.<br />'''Compass girls :''' Humpf ! We will teach you to fear us later !

The fleet ended in a transport ship node, with a Ru-class Flagship to protect them.

'''Shouhou :''' I'm the only Carrier here, it's gonna be tight !<br />'''Mogami :''' Watch out !

The Ru-class managed to heavily damage Furutaka.

'''Myschin :''' That shoot was for me right ?<br />'''Ru-class :''' ... Who knows ?

While the battle drags on and on, the fleet was forced to engage night combat to ensure the sink of the enemy transports ships.

'''Natori :''' It's too dark, I can't see where I am aiming for !

Then the Ru-class managed to hit Natori and inflict heavy damages to her. The Light cruiser took the hit in the face and fell in the water, totally freaked out.

'''Natori :''' [http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/kancolle/images/5/52/Natori-Major_Damage.ogg E-Everyone... where did you all go... ?]

And she began to cry.

'''Myschin :''' NATORIII !

The admiral rushed toward Natori to help her.

'''Natori, still crying :''' Uwaaah !<br />'''Myschin :''' Calm down Natori, I'm here !

But the Light Cruiser, still freaked out by the attack she took in the face, didn't heard it.

'''Natori, still crying :''' I'm all alone ! They forgotten me hereee !

Then the admiral reached her and began to hug her in order to comfort her.

'''Myschin :''' There... There... You are not alone at all.<br />'''Natori :''' A...Admiral ?<br />'''Myschin :''' I'm here, don't worry ! Everything is fine now. Mogami managed to sink the Ru-class who damaged you.<br />'''Natori :''' I-I was so scared !

Then Natori starts to squeeze the admiral even stronger.

'''Natori :''' Don't leave meee !<br />'''Myschin :''' Aaaargh Natori, you put too much strength in your hug !!

-----

Later, back at the naval base...

'''Natori, kneeling :''' I'm so sorry admiral !<br />'''Myschin :''' I'm fine, really ! I have faced worse.<br />'''Isuzu, sighing :''' Oh dear, it was for sure an experience...<br />'''Nagara :''' Indeed.<br />'''Natori :''' S-Still ! To saw me in such an embarassing position !<br />'''Myschin :''' Stand up Natori. I can understand your situation, and I'm not blaming you for your incompetence. Everybody don't learn and train at the same rate. Some people took longer to achieve their objectives.<br />'''Natori :''' I'm... I'm feeling so weak right now...<br />'''Myschin :''' I don't think that you are weak. You just need some training to develop and master your strength. If you want, you can sortie with the fleet more often...<br />'''Natori :''' O-Okay, I'll do my best !<br />'''Myschin :''' But I can't go with you everytime.<br />'''Natori :''' It's fine... Because the others shipgirls will be with me.<br />'''Nagara :''' That's the spirit ! Don't give up !<br />'''Isuzu :''' Oh well, it can only brings some good results.<br />'''Myschin :''' Yeah, let's do it.

And for the rest of the day, Natori sortied everytime she can with the fleets. And she saw that the others would her when she's in trouble, like when Yamashiro managed to beat the abyssal who managed to inflict some damages to her. In the evening, another fleet lead by Fusou tried to go in the Okinoshima Islands several times, only to fail again, again and again. When they went back to the navala base, they told the admiral that they were so pissed that they managed to Perfect-S the last battle.

'''Myschin :''' OK, OK ! I'm gonna cook for you six this night.<br />'''Kongou :''' Wah, THANK YOU very much admiral.
==Last battle in Okinoshima Island==

4 days remains until the start of the Event.

'''Jintsuu :''' Admiral, you seem to be in a good mood today.<br />'''Myschin :''' Yes, even if we failed the Okinoshima Island campaign so much, even if the Event will start in 4 days... Today marks my first full month at the head of this naval base.<br />'''Naka :''' Oooh, already...<br />'''Myschin :''' We will try at least once again to go to Okinoshima Islands, but even if we fail again, I'm not gonna be mad. I just want to celebrate this day with all of you.<br />'''Ayanami :''' How nice of you commander...<br />'''Shikinami :''' Hey, can I ask you something ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Of course.<br />'''Shikinami :''' Are you gonna organize a party ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Not a real party, but we will take a good moment all together, and there will be pancakes for everyone.<br />'''Destroyers, drooling :''' Pancakes ! Huzzah !

And so the admiral spent the beginning of the day to avoid every Destroyers attempts to catch him in order to force him to make pancakes.

'''Myschin :''' Good lord, the Destroyers are really excited about the pancakes...<br />'''Fusou :''' It's your fault admiral ! You are such a master chief in this domain.<br />'''Myschin :''' So, before we reach the evening, we have a lot of works today... Any update on the Ro-Go quest ?<br />'''Fusou :''' Yes, Kirishima was heavily damaged during a battle with the Ru-class in a transport node, but she managed to sink all of the 4 enemies Transports ships.<br />'''Myschin :''' That poor Kirishima try so hard to prove that she is better than Haruna but... We still haven't found Haruna yet !!<br />'''Yamashiro :''' Erm, admiral ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Yes ?<br />'''Yamashiro :''' I can see from there that Hiei is lurking at the repairs docks...<br />'''Myschin :''' Oh no ! Kongou is also in the repairs docks !!

The admiral asked Ise to take care of Hiei until her sisters leave the repair docks. The battleship alone wasn't enought and so Fusou and Yamashiro helped her.

-----

Later, in the adjacent sea of the naval base...

'''Ise :''' Pfouuu, that Hiei is such a though opponent.<br />'''Shouhou :''' You are alright ? If you are tired, you shouldn't have come with us...<br />'''Ise :''' Nah, it's fine, really. And beside, this is the last battle of the month in this area. If we win, the admiral will receive another medal.<br />'''Akatsuki :''' That's why we are here with you.<br />'''Inazuma :''' Yes-nanodesu.<br />'''Shouhou :''' Ah Akatsuki, you sure know how to control yourself...<br />'''Akatsuki :''' Why ? Because the admiral promised to cook pancakes for us ?<br />'''Ise :''' Yes.<br />'''Akatsuki :''' Well, I know that if I bother the admiral, he will not be able to cook, so I'll wait patiently.<br />'''Inazuma :''' ... I'm gonna be honest, when the admiral said about the pancakes, I drooled a little... Such embarassing thing for me ><.<br />'''Ise :''' Very few Destroyers can resist to the call of the pancakes after all. Even the grumpiests like Kasumi were very excited.

In the end, the team managed to reach the boss's node and sink the boss. Then the admiral received his second medal from the headquarters soon after that.

'''Myschin :''' You done very well girls !<br />'''Ise :''' Well, it was easy after all.<br />'''Myschin :''' Still, it's a nice victory for us, all thanks to your four.<br />'''Akatsuki and Inazuma, blushing :''' Waaah...<br />'''Myschin :''' Something wrong you two ?<br />'''Akatsuki :''' N-No, it's just...<br />'''Inazuma :''' Can you praise us please-nanodesu ?

The admiral began to pat Akatsuki's and Inazuma's heads.

'''Akatsuki :''' Pyaaa !<br />'''Inazuma :''' Nanodesuuu !<br />'''Ise, amused :''' They look like they will melt at any time.

-----

'''Myschin :''' How are you feeling right now ?<br />'''Akatsuki :''' Like a child and I don't care if I'm not lady-like.<br />'''Myschin :''' Say, we inputed a rare DD Recipe, but look like it's only a common DD since the timer show 22 minutes...<br />'''Akatsuki :''' I'm sorry admiral...<br />'''Myschin :''' You don't have to. You managed to win against the submarines, it's already good for you.

But a surprise awaited the admiral and the destroyer.

'''[[I-168]] :''' I'm I-168. What ? It's hard to say ? OK, just call me Imuya. Nice to meet you !<br />'''Myschin :''' Woah ! Our second submarine has finally came !!<br />'''I-168 :''' Eh ? No way, you want to send me to Orel Cruise right ?<br />'''Myschin :''' No, but let me explain the situation.

And then I-168 was happy to heard that Goya was already there and they will not do Orel Cruise at all until an emergency come.

-----

'''Myschin :''' Looks like you failed in your mission...<br />'''Fusou :''' Yes, we ended in the Transport node instead of the boss...<br />'''Yamashiro :''' And hum...

Yamashiro was holding a fainted and damaged Shigure in her hands.

'''Yamashiro :''' Why it's always me who carry this poor Shigure ?<br />'''Fusou :''' Fufufu, because it's only natural.<br />'''Mogami :''' Admiral, why Michishio didn't come with us ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Because she is still too low-leveled to go with you, and the quest only require the 4 of you and 2 wildcards.<br />'''Zuikaku :''' Guess the compass is random as always.<br />'''Ryuujou :''' Yeah, ain't easy to go where we want, and thoses abyssal light carriers only aimed at that poor Shigure...<br />'''Fusou :''' We avanged her so it's fine.<br />'''Myschin :''' Ladies, I want to try this mission one more time.<br />'''Yamashiro :''' Shigure needs a rest admiral !<br />'''Myschin :''' Just once, I promise.<br />'''Mogami :''' Oh well, we can do that. I'll carry Shigure on my back if she faints again.

And eventually, Shigure fainted again only by looking at Yamashiro's face and so Mogami carried her on her back. And the fleet finally managed to reach the boss's node and defeat the boss.

'''Myschin :''' Alright, now Shigure can have a good rest. We are done with the regular work for today.<br />'''Inazuma :''' There is still a lot of time before the little party will begin right ?<br />'''Myschin :''' True enough... * Thinking * Oh well, we forgot to do 1 thing.<br />'''Shouhou :''' You mean...<br />'''Myschin :''' Yeah, the Okinoshima islands sortie... Let's give our best this time.

-----

The admiral called Kongou, Ise, Fusou, Yamashiro, Kaga and Zuikaku in his office.

'''Myschin :''' Ladies, it's that time of the day again. The moment were we will be rekt by random spin compass and strong abyssals fleets.<br />'''Kongou :''' You say that with such a monotone voice-desu.<br />'''Myschin :''' I want to be optimistic this time, but it's hard.<br />'''Ise :''' After so many failures, I can understand your pain admiral.<br />'''Myschin :''' But now we have a new trump card in our sleeve.<br />'''Zuikaku :''' You talk about me ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Yes, and it's not because of your luck, it's because you are the second carrier in term of plane capacity.<br />'''Kaga, pokerface :''' I will never give up my number one place !<br />'''Zuikaku, irritated :''' Don't worry, I'll never compete for this !<br />'''Myschin :''' So, here's the deal. Zuikaku, since you are the low-leveled girl among all of your 6, you will be the Flagship.<br />'''Zuikaku :''' Humpf, if you want admiral, but if we have to retreat before a dead end, I'll personally target you with my planes afterward !<br />'''Myschin :''' Challenge accepted !

And the heavy fleet went to Okinoshima islands once again... The first battle was very easy and the fleet advanced to the south-east where they fought their usual second abyssal fleet.

'''Fusou :''' Now, it is time fufufufu, the time were we will be stroke by misfortune again and sent to the west in the dead-end.<br />'''Zuikaku :''' Aaaah come on, don't be so pessimistic !<br />'''Compass girls :''' Ready for the spinning time ?!<br />'''Zuikaku :''' Bring it on you devils !

And for the very first time ever, the needle pointed to the east again. Immediately the shipgirls were shocked.

'''Kongou :''' H-h-how this can be ?!<br />'''Ise :''' You're kidding me right ?<br />'''Fusou :''' Oh my godness !<br />'''Yamashiro :''' It's a trap ! It's a trap !!<br />'''Myschin, through microphone :''' Woah woah woah, for real ?!<br />'''Kaga :''' Yes admiral, we can advance to the next battle.<br />'''Myschin :''' We never reached that area before but let's go in line ahead.<br />'''Zuikaku :''' Don't forget admiral ! If we retreat now ! You're dead meat !

The fleet encountered an abyssal force led by a golden-glowing Ri-class and 3 Chi-Class Elite.

'''Kongou :''' Whaaat ?! No Enemy battleship ?!<br />'''Myschin :''' Don't let your guard down !!<br />'''Fusou :''' Let's beat them !

The over-excited fleet managed to win with a perfect-S rank, and they encountered Tatsuta.

'''Fusou :''' What are you doing here ?<br />'''Tatsuta :''' Ah... I was just sunbathing here you see ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Wait, our Tatsuta is still in the base, so this one is another person.<br />'''Tatsuta :''' Oh, so you won't keep me, right ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Yes, you will be sent to civilian life.<br />'''Tatsuta :''' But I want to sunbath more, so I'll don't come with you.<br />'''Myschin :''' As your wish.<br />'''Compass girls :''' DUH-DUH-DUH-DUM !!<br />'''All of the girls in the fleet :''' Awww shit, not them again.<br />'''Compass girls :''' Nyohohohoh ! We will send you into despair !!<br />'''Myschin :''' Damn ! It's the last choice ! Don't troll us damnit !!<br />'''Compass girls, with a troll face :''' We. Will. Send. You. To. The. Dead-end <3 !<br />'''Tatsuta :''' Ara ara, can I have a word with you ?<br />'''Compass girls, menacing voice :''' Huh ? Who are you you punk in lewd swimsuit ?!<br />'''The others shipgirls :''' ... * This not gonna end well *

A few second later, the compass girls returned and spinned their compass silently. and then, a storm occured. The needle pointed to the boss's node !

'''Myschin :''' ... Girls !<br />'''All of the shipgirls :''' Yes admiral ?<br />'''Myschin :''' I DON'T CARE ANYMORE ! GIVE THEM ALL YOU GOT ! LINE AHEAD RIGHT NOW !<br />'''All of the shipgirls :''' YES !!

Then the fleet encoutered an enemy force led by a golden-glowing Ru-class and 2 Ru-class Elite.

'''Zuikaku :''' They only have Flagships and Elites units !<br />'''Ise :''' Come on, bright it on ! Let's rock !!<br />'''Kaga :''' Get them my planes !

But unfortunately, the aerial opening phase was a failure.

'''Zuikaku :''' Damnit !!<br />'''Myschin :''' Don't give up ! You still can attack them !

Then Kongou managed to one-shot one of the two Ni-class Elite.

'''Myschin :''' You could have aimed to another ship you know ?<br />'''Kongou :''' Ah, SORRY about that admiral.

The Flagship Ru-class managed to heavily damage Kaga afterward.

'''Kaga :''' Oh no... What a shame...<br />'''Zuikaku :''' ... My turn now !

And the Crane managed to One-shot one of the two Ru-class Elite.

'''Myschin :''' KEEP GOING ! WE NEED TO SINK AT LEAST TWO MORE ENEMIES !!<br />'''Yamashiro :''' They can dodge our attacks so easily !

The battle was ferocious, until...

'''Fusou :''' Take that you abomination !

Fusou managed to sink the golden-glowing Ru-class.

'''All of the others shipgirls :''' YES ! Well done !<br />'''Myschin :''' Woooh ! Good job girls... But we are not done yet ! We have a chance to bring Shimakaze, Nagato or Taigei to our base if we win with a S-rank ! Go into night battle !<br />'''Zuikaku :''' Roger that !

The remaining Ru-class Elite managed to heavily damage Fusou

'''Ru-class Elite :''' This is payback !!<br />'''Yamashiro :''' Nee-sama !! How dare you !!

Yamashiro one-shot the remaining Ru-class, but them the Ri-class Elite managed to Cut-in Zuikaku and heavily damaged her; but she was terminated by Kongou, and Ise managed to sink the last Ni-class Elite.

Then the silence came, then a explosion of joy.

'''Kongou :''' WE DID IT !<br />'''Ise :''' IT'S OVER !!<br />'''Myschin, through microphone :''' AAAAH ! I'M SO PROUD OF ALL OF YOU GIRLS !!<br />'''Yamashiro :''' So, is there any new comrade around ?

The fleet saw a silhouette in the night, then...

'''[[Hyuuga]] :''' You're an allied fleet ? I see. Anyway. Second ship of the Ise class, Hyuuga. Remember me, if you would.<br />'''Ise :''' WOOOH ! My sister !!<br />'''Myschin :''' Yesss ! It's still a great addition to our fleet !<br />'''Hyuuga :''' You sure are excited you girls...<br />'''Ise :''' You have no ideas...

The fleet came back at the base, where everyone awaited them on the docks. They were welcomed with a huge triumph, even bigger that the time the admiral received his first medal.

'''Myschin :''' This is it ! A perfect conclusion for today ! You girls are awesome ! Now I order everyone to have holidays until the Event start !<br />'''All of the shipgirls :''' Huzzah ! Long live the admiral !!<br />'''Myschin :''' And let Fusou, Kaga and Zuikaku go to the repair docks and let them have a good rest.

Then a huge party began. Everyone was here. Shigure finally managed to not faint in front of Yamashiro for the first time. Everyone want to congrats Kongou and Hiei had a rude time by trying to keep Kongou all for herself. While eveyone had a good time, the admiral went to the repair docks.

'''Zuikaku :''' Hold on ! We are girls, don't you have a sense of shame admiral ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Don't worry, I will stay outside of your privacy. I really wanted to thnak you for what you done.<br />'''Zuikaku :''' It's not like I have done all of this by myself. I hate to admit this but... Even if she was damaged at the beginning of the last battle, we maybe couldn't have reach the last area without Kaga's help.<br />'''Kaga, pokerface :''' I have to concede that, 5th CarDiv. In fact, you impress me with your determination.<br />'''Zuikaku :''' Eh ?<br />'''Kaga, pokerface :''' In fact, I'm a little jealous of you.<br />'''Zuikaku and Myschin, shocked :''' ...<br />'''Kaga :''' What ?<br />'''Myschin :''' You... You admit that ?<br />'''Kaga :''' Remember admiral, you said before that I was your real trump card, and I know that Zuikaku will easily surpass me sooner or later, and I hope she will be a proud leader in the future.<br />'''Zuikaku :''' ... Don't put so much pressure on me, please >< !<br />'''Kaga, sparkling :''' You deserve this, don't you ?

And they pass the rest of the night in a happy mood. The whole naval base was happy and had fun until the dawn.

-----

Somewhere in a abyssal place...

'''Ru-class Flagship :''' I have bad news... We lost the Okinoshima Islands.<br />'''Hime#1, licking her lips :''' Oh sweetie, it's not that terrible you know ?<br />'''Ru-class Elite :''' But, hime-sama...<br />'''Hime#2 :''' Let them enjoy their victory then...<br />'''Hime#3 :''' We Will CRUSH THEM in 4 days !<br />'''Hime#4 :''' Joy... What is that ?<br />'''Hime#1 :''' Don't worry sweetie, you will learn what it is when you will crush this fleet. After all you will be the first sent to the battlefield, as you wished for.<br />'''Hime#4 :''' Yes...
==Omake==

'''Myschin :''' Je suis puis !<br />'''Inazuma :''' Vous avez trop train dans l'criture de cette partie amiral-nanodesu.<br />'''Myschin :''' Je m'en excuse encore, mais la prochaine partie sera sur le Summer Event ! J'ai tellement de choses  raconter...<br />'''Inazuma :''' Que de mmoires en effet...
[[Category:Blog posts]]