==The arrival - 1st day at the naval base==
The sun was high in the cloudless sky, and yet the two guys still stand despite the intense heat. One of them fiddles his laptop frantically.

'''Myschin :''' Say, how many time we have to wait again ?

'''Suna :''' A long time ! Now I'm still searching a way to make it quicker !

'''Myschin :''' Man, this heat is killing me !

'''Suna :''' Wait a minute, I have something... ... ... Yes ! You're nominated to took command of a naval base !

'''Myschin :''' Finally... Wait, what are you doing ?!

Suna has took Myschin's hand to force his friend to follow him while he start running.

'''Suna :''' We have no time to spare ! If we can't reach the base within 5 minutes, you will have to wait again before getting another chance !

'''Myschin :''' How can you run so quickly with this heat ?!

'''Suna :''' Experience my friend ! I'm planning to go to the Comiket one day ! By the way, did you choice your Starter ship already ?

'''Myschin :''' I have, she might currently wait in the base now, but please slow down !

'''Suna :''' No way !

Meanwhile, in front of said naval base, a lone girl still waited nervously.

'''[[Inazuma]] :''' Awawawa ! I can't calm down-nanodesu ! The commander might be there in any second now...

'''Myschin :''' LOOK OUT !!

Surprised, Inazuma made a leap forward, just in time to avoid a collision with the falling-from-the-sky newly assigned admiral, who failed to land correctly.

'''Inazuma''' : Uwaaah, are you alright mister ?!

'''Myschin''' : Ouch, I think I am... Why did you throw me like that ?!

He yelled at Suna who came by walking

'''Suna''' : You made it just in time you know ? 5 seconds later and it would have been too late ! Trust my experience I say !

'''Inazuma :''' hmm, excuse me... Are you the new commander ?

'''Myschin :''' Ah yes... Yes I am.

Immediately, she perform a military salute.

'''Inazuma :''' Fourth ship of the Akatsuki-class Destroyers ! I'm Inazuma, I'll be in your care-nanodesu !

'''Myschin :''' Yes, pleased to meet you too Inazuma... Could you stop with the military formalities please ? It bothers me a little...

'''Inazuma :''' Y-Yes commander !

'''Suna :''' OK, now that you are the admiral of this naval base, follow me, we have little time to spare !

Again Suna grabbed Myschin's hand and force his friend to follow him. Inazuma followed them as best as she could. Inside the base, the three people meet a twin-tailed brown-haired little girl who was holding a white cat by its front legs.

'''Tutorial Musume :''' Hello and welcome in your brand new naval base !

'''Suna :''' It's poorly decorated as always...

'''Tutorial Musume :''' The Headquarters didn't allocate much money for that in the first place... Anyway admiral, here is your first task : Go to the construction dock and craft a new shipgirl !

'''Myschin :''' Okay...

At the construction dock...

'''Myschin :''' So, I have to choose the number of ressources I want to put in the recipe ?

'''Suna :''' Yes, you can put any amount of ressources in.

'''Myschin :''' Let's see... What ?! We only have 300 of each ressources ?!

'''Tutorial Musume :''' Well, we are currently in a time of crisis...

'''Suna :''' Whatever, just put some ressources in the Recipe and do the construction !

'''Myschin :''' ... Don't tell me we are in a hurry again ?

'''Suna :''' Unfortunately, yes we are. We need to complete some other paperworks and everything else.

'''Myschin :''' Come on, give me a break, I didn't even talk that much with Inazuma !

'''Suna :''' Just input your recipe !

'''Myschin :''' Ok, ok...

He decided to put 30 of each ressources in the recipe.

'''Myschin :''' Okay, now what ?

'''Suna :''' Launch the construction by pressing this button, then a timer will appear. It's show how much time is left until the construction is finished.

'''Myschin :''' OK... The timer indicate 1 hour...

'''Suna :''' Which mean you will get at least one Light Cruiser. Now we have to hurry.

'''Myschin :''' Wait a second please. Give me some times and then I'll follow you without complaining OK ?

'''Suna :''' As long as you do your thing quickly, okay.

'''Myschin :''' Thank you. Inazuma ? Come here please.

'''Inazuma :''' Yes commander... What do you want from me ?

'''Myschin :''' Can I ask you a favor ?

'''Inazuma :''' Y-Yes I suppose-nanodesu...

'''Myschin :''' I have to go and I can't bring you with me... So could you stay here while I'm out and wait until I'll return ? I'll make it as quick as possible...

Inazuma suddenly displays a sad face.

'''Inazuma :''' Does... Does it mean that you will never come back and left me here all alone-nanodesu ?

'''Myschin :''' Of course not ! I didn't went through all thoses formalities to abandon you just like that. But still I'm sorry for the situation... At least you have this Tutorial Musume here with you...

'''Tutorial Musume :''' I really don't have any other choice because you need to do 4 others tasks before taking full command of this base, admiral.

'''Inazuma :''' B-But still, I have heard scary stories about admirals who abandon their base.

'''Myschin :''' ... OK, hold your hands for a second.

Then the admiral gives something to the Destroyer.

'''Inazuma :''' Is that a... Card ?

'''Myschin :''' Not an ordinary card.

Myschin snap his fingers and the card suddenly transform into a shining green bird. Inazuma remain speechless.

'''Inazuma :''' Wha... What is that-nanodesu ? So pretty...

'''Myschin :''' You see, this little creature is called ''Birds of paradise''. It's a rare specimen of bird that can only be found in foreigns worlds... This one in particular is the rarest I've never tamed. I lend it to you as a proof that I will return as soon as possible.

'''Inazuma :''' What ? But I don't know how to take care of it-nanodesu !

'''Myschin :''' Don't worry, you don't have to take care of it, it can survive without eating much longer than you think. If you really worry about it, just feed it with some seeds or bread, he will like it. Also, I'll give you something else.

Myschin gives a... Nintendo 3DS to Inazuma.

'''Inazuma :''' Hu ? You are a magician and you give me something like that-nanodesu ?

'''Myschin :''' We have to kill time with something sometimes... Anyway, I also give this to you so will not get bored over time.

'''Inazuma :''' But I'm really bad at video games-nanodesu...

'''Myschin :''' Don't worry, you can take your time to improve your skills * Wink *. Now excuse me Inazuma, but I have to go...I'll return quickly, I promise. I treasure this bird and my 3DS more than you can imagine, do you really think I'll just left thoses things here and never come back ?

'''Inazuma :''' OK, I'll wait commander... But will you get angry if I broke your 3DS without noticing it ?

'''Myschin :''' I'm a magician right ? Don't you think that I have put a magic spell on it in order to prevent accidents like that ?

'''Inazuma :''' Ah...

'''Suna :''' Myschiiin ! Please hurry !

'''Myschin :''' I'm coming ! Anyway, see you later Inazuma.

'''Inazuma :''' Have a safe trip-nanodesu.
==The first comrades==
2 days have passed until Myschin finally return to the naval base. Inazuma was sleeping in the entrance hall with Tutorial Musume. The admiral emit a light whistle to recall his bird, and Inazuma finally woke up.

'''Myschin :''' I'm back for good now... Good morning Inazuma.

'''Inazuma :''' Welcome back-nanodesu... AH ! I'm so sorry commander. For you to see me sleeping in such an embarassing place-nanodesu !

'''Myschin :''' Wait, don't you have a room somewhere in this naval base ?

'''Inazuma :''' There are some, but they are all locked and I didn't find the key...

'''Myschin :''' By any chance, did you just try to search a key in this base ?

'''Inazuma :''' ... No, because I didn't know if the commander would allow me to do so before he visit the whole place first-nanodesu.

The admiral sighed.

'''Myschin :''' Oh dear, I think I will have to establish some rules here... But before that...

'''Tutorial Musume :''' Yes, don't forget that I'm still here. In order to let you do the second task, you need to welcome the shipgirl who was built earlier.

'''Myschin :''' Crap, it has been 2 days now ! I hope she will not get angry !

The three of them immediately went to the construction dock, then the admiral opened the Recipe. A lot of smoke came out, then...

'''[[Kuma]] :''' Kumaa. Nice to meet you, kuma ! Although you took your time to open the Recipe kuma !

'''Myschin :''' Ah sorry, stuff happened... * That ahoge is freaking HUGE !! *

'''Kuma :''' Meh, I don't mind at all kuma !

'''Inazuma :''' Welcome in our naval base Kuma-san.

'''Kuma :''' I will be in your care kuma.

Then the admiral looked at Tutorial Musume.

'''Myschin :''' Now what ?

'''Tutorial Musume :''' Follow me to your office, here you will organise your first fleet.

The small group soon arrive in a large empty room where there was only 3 cardboards.

'''Tutorial Musume :''' This is your new office admiral !

'''Inazuma :''' So empty-nanodesu...

'''Kuma :''' I wonder if I can play with those cardboards kuma ?

'''Myschin :''' ... Suna was right when he said that the HQ don't allocate money for decorations... Wait, there is still a TV screen. I wonder why it is here ?

'''Tutorial Musume :''' I'll explain this later. Now you just have to annonce which shipgirls will join the first fleet.

'''Myschin :''' Ah hmmm... Then Inazuma as the flagship, and Kuma as the escort.

'''Inazuma :''' See how Inazuma is when she's serious !

'''Kuma :''' Kuma ! Setting off ! kuma !

'''Tutorial Musume :''' Good ! Now I can give you this !

The little girl gave a TV Remote Control to the admiral.

'''Myschin :''' Yes ? I suppose this is the remote for the screen here ?

'''Tutorial Musume :''' Please turn on the screen.

The admiral does so. Then a black-haired girl with glasses appears on the screen of the TV.

'''[[Ooyodo]]''' : Hello admiral. My name is Ooyodo. My role here is to assist you in your quests management.

'''Myschin :''' Wait a minute, aren't you suppose to be inside the naval base Ooyodo ?

'''Ooyodo :''' No, I'm not until you find me when you go out on mission.

'''Tutorial Musume :''' Anyway, you have completed your first quest : to have 2 ships in your main fleet.

'''Ooyodo :''' Yes, and as a reward for completing your first quest, we will assign a new girl to your base.

'''Myschin :''' And who is this girl I wonder ?

'''Ooyodo :''' It's [[Shirayuki]]. She will be there in few minutes, you can wait for her on the dock behind your office.

And soon after that, a boat from the Headquarters arrives at the dock, with a little brown-haired girl with short twin-tails on the deck.

'''Shirayuki :''' I'm Shirayuki. Thanks for having me. You can call me "Eternal third ship" if you want...

'''Myschin :''' Why I would do such a thing ? Welcome to our new naval base. We will take care of you.

'''Tutorial Musume :''' Good, now you can participate in your first mission ! You can send all of the 3 girls in if you want.

'''Myschin :''' Yes, I think that is a good idea, right Shirayuki ?

'''Shirayuki :''' If you say so... Everyone, let's do our best together.

'''Tutorial Musume :''' Do I need to explain what await you at this point ?

'''Myschin :''' No, I know what await us. A looong battle with the abyssal fleet...

The admiral sighed while watching the horizon that stretched out of sight above the sea.

'''Myschin : '''I just hope that I could find and help her soon...

'''Inazuma :''' Who are you talking about commander ?

'''Myschin :''' I'll explain after you come back. Good luck to you.

'''Inazuma : '''1st Fleet, 1st Torpedo Squadron, sortie.

'''Tutorial Musume :''' You can follow their progress on the screen you know ?

'''Myschin :''' That's good to know. Let's watch this !

The admiral return to his office to watch the progress of the fleet. Soon, the 3 girls meet their first ennemy, a Destroyer I-class. Despite the fact that it was a battle of 3 VS 1, the I-class managed to deal some damages to Shirayuki. It was minor and the girl still can fight well.

'''Tutorial Musume :''' There is a microphone so you can speak to your shipgirls.

'''Myschin :''' Thank you. Let's try it... Hello there ? Anyone can hear me ?

'''Inazuma :''' Awawa commander is that you ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes, don't worry. I can watch the situation from my office. Shirayuki are you OK ?

'''Shirayuki :''' Yes commander ! It's minor damage so nothing to worry about.

'''Kuma :''' Wait a minute kuma, I spotted someone here kuma. It's a new shipgirl !

Inazuma, Kuma and Shirayuki went to meet a brown-haired girl with a ponytail who seemed to be lost.

'''[[Shikinami]] :''' I'm Shikinami. I'll be in your care. And I think I've lost my way.

'''Inazuma :''' Don't worry, we will lead you to our naval base after the end of the mission-nanodesu.

'''Shikinami :''' Oki doki, I'll follow you.

But then a laugh was heard by everyone

'''???? :''' Not so fast shipgirls ! Without us, you can't do anything on those seas !

'''Inazuma :''' Oh no, this voice...

'''Kuma :''' It's the devil incarnate !

Suddenly, 4 little girls with a huge compass appears out of nowhere.

'''Compass Girls :''' We are the almighty Compass Girls ! Our Great Artifact, the Compass will show you the way to the abyssal's lair !

The 4 shipgirls and even the admiral looking at them with an awful expression.

'''Myschin :''' Yeah yeah, I know that too, you are just the trolls of this world, doesn't you ?

'''Compass Girls :''' How dare you ! Nobody can insult us ! The Compass will deliver his judgement now !

Then the 4 little girls spin the Compass, who indicate soon... The North path.

'''Myschin :''' Wait ! The abyssal's lair is in the south !

'''Compass Girl :''' Silence ! There is also one in the north ! The Compass never lies !

'''Myschin :''' ... They took a point but still it's the wrong route.

'''Inazuma :''' We can't have any other choice-nanodesu...

'''Myschin :''' Fine, please be careful then !

'''Kuma :''' Don't worry about that kuma !

And then the fleet meet 2 Destroyer I-class. They managed to deal moderate damages to Inazuma and Shirayuki but the shipgirl win in the end.

'''Myschin :''' Good, now please come back to the base.

'''Inazuma :''' Wait a minute-nanodesu, we found someone else.

The fleet meet a black-haired girl with yellow eyes.

'''[[Mikazuki]] :''' You're a new fleet, right ? I'm Mikazuki. I hope you welcome me warmly into your fleet.

'''Inazuma :''' Yes we will, I'm sure the commander will be happy to see you.

In his office, the admiral was pensive.

'''Myschin :''' Mikazuki right ? A sister of Nagatsuki... Yes, I'm relieved.

'''Tutorial Musume :''' Alright, I only need to let you do one more task then you will take full command of this base.

'''Myschin :''' OK

The fleet soon return with their two new comrades.

'''Inazuma :''' It looks like the fleet has returned.

'''Myschin :''' Welcome back everyone.

Shikinami and Mikazuki intensely watched the admiral.

'''Myschin :''' Y-Yes ?

'''Shikinami :''' You're totally the kind of admiral that I like !

'''Myschin :''' Is that so ?

'''Mikazuki :''' Say admiral... Will you welcome me warmly in your fleet ?

'''Myschin :''' Of course I will, but before I think we had something else to do...

'''Tutorial Musume :''' Yes ! Here is your final task : you have to resupply your shipgirls !

'''Myschin :''' ... Wait what ?! I hope that you mean that I have to resupply them with ammo and fuel right ?!

'''Tutorial Musume :''' Ohoh, did you were thinking of something else ?

'''Myschin :''' Knowing your malice yes, I've watched Fate/Stay Night so I know.

'''Tutorial Musume :''' Tchh, you're right, but anyway, the amount of ressources needed to resupply your shipgirls is automatically calculated by some other fairies. The supply room is located in a room next to your office.

The admiral let Inazuma, Kuma and Shirayuki go into that room and they return soon after.

'''Tutorial Musume :''' Now my job here is done. I hope you will lead your shipgirls to a great destiny. Before I have to go, here are the keys you need : 2 of them for the repair docks, and thoses one are for the dormitory. Currently you can host 100 shipgirls here. If you want to expand the space and slots, or open more repair docks, you have to ask Akashi on the TV Screen. It's not free, just to say it. If you need anything else, just ask anyone on the screen, we will help you again.

'''Myschin :''' Thank you Tutorial Musume.

'''Tutorial Musume :''' It was my pleasure. I hope we will meet again. Until then, farewell.

And then the little girl who holding the cat left the base to return to the Headquarters.

'''Myschin :''' All right ladies. I will explain to you why did I choose to become an admiral and I will also settle some rules for explaining how this naval base will work for now. But just before that... Inazuma and Shirayuki, please go and take a good rest in the repair docks.

==The reasons==
Inazuma and Shirayuki come out of the repair docks several minutes later.

'''Inazuma :''' Phew, it was good-nanodesu...

'''Shirayuki :''' Yes, now we have to return in admiral's office.

The 2 girls ran to the room where the admiral and the 3 others shipgirl were waiting for them patiently.

'''Myschin :''' You didn't have to run you know ?

'''Inazuma :''' Sorry, I was so excited to heard your reasons for taking your position here commander.

'''Myschin :''' Ok, so I'll explain why now. Please listen to me until the end then I will allow you to ask questions if you have any

'''All of the shipgirls :''' All right.

'''Myschin :''' I have two reasons why I took my position here. The first is the less serious : It is to gather a maximum of shipgirls here, in order to allow them to live a peaceful life. I'm looking particularly for some girls... And you are one of them Inazuma.

'''Inazuma :''' ... Awawawa...

'''Shirayuki :''' Does it means that us other girls will be left behind ?

'''Myschin :''' No, nobody will be left behind. Although I know that it will be difficult to manage everything with more than a hundred of shipgirls,everybody will have a role to play at some time or another, even the shipgirls that I did not like as much as others. Also, there will be no scraping ! The unwanted duplicates will be sent to civilian life.

'''Shikinami :''' So, your first reason is just that ? To let us have a peaceful life in this base ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes, and I'll explain how it will work after my second reason. Do you have any question ?

'''Mikazuki :''' Yes I have one, you said earlier that you are looking for some girls... Can we know who are those girls ?

'''Myschin :''' Yup, those are girls that have melt my feelings because they are, in my opinion, cute or adorables. As I said earlier, Inazuma is one of them, but there are 3 more girls that I'm currently looking for. The first is Kiyoshimo...

'''Kuma :''' Oh, that pocket Battleship kuma... Yeah I can understand why you want her, she's freaking adorable kuma !

'''Myschin :''' Next one is Zuihou.

'''Inazuma :''' It is because you like rolled egg-nanodesu ?

'''Myschin :''' It's just because she's cute and adorable and... I just like her in general. Small but she is a great light carrier.

'''Mikazuki :''' So I imagine that the last girl is even more than that ?

'''Myschin :''' For me, yes, and it's related to my second reason.

'''Shikinami :''' Who is she then ?

'''Myschin :''' It's Harusame...

'''Inazuma :''' Harusame ? Yes, she's cute and adorable but... Wait, why are you looking at us with those deep eyes-nanodesu ?

'''Myschin :''' I think that my second reason is very selfish, but at that time, when I saw her at first sight, and when I found out what happened before, I have make my decision.

'''Kuma :''' Wait, you still talking about Harusame kuma ?

'''Myschin :''' No, I'm talking about that abyssal girl, the Destroyer Hime.

'''All of the shipgirls :''' Hu ?

'''Myschin :''' I suppose that your girls has never know anything but war in this world, right ?

'''Inazuma :''' Yes... We live in a sad place where the war is our common daily-nanodesu. Remember when I was worried to the death the first day ?

'''Myschin :''' I remember yes.

'''Inazuma :''' That is because the Headquarters have to deal with some heartless admirals who only think of us as weapons and don't hesistate to send some of us to the death while being aware of the situation...

The other girls tremble in response.

'''Myschin :''' That's why I said earlier that I want you to live a peaceful life here. Of course we are still in war, but outside of this, I will ensure that you can live as normal girls here. Of course there will some though battles and powerful and merciless opponents, but I promise to you that I will NEVER let any of you sink, no matter the condition or the situation. I'll rather call a retreat instead of risking the life of any of you...

The shipgirls seem reassured.

'''Myschin :''' Oh yeah, one more thing and Inazuma already know about this fact. I'm a human with an ability that allow me to cross between different worlds. Somes people can call me a magician but the official term is planeswalker. I can summon various creatures and spell through cards. I currently own several thousand of thoses cards with me.

'''Shikinami :''' Waaah, that's look so cool !

'''Myschin :''' Let me tell you something. I want to save the Destroyer Hime and take her with me, but then a new idea came out. I know that the abyssal fleets members aren't soulless entities. We can try to negociate with them. I really think that we can make peace with them.

'''Kuma :''' Well your intentions are nobles, but do you really think you can do it kuma ?

'''Myschin :''' It will come with time, but yes, I can trust my abilities. Let me tell you one things ladies. Dealing with the whole abyssal fleet with naval battles seems to be way more easier than dealing with world-destructive ancient beings. Unfortunately, I'm sick of thoses apocalyptic scenarios and I wanted to take a well deserved retirement in a world with a challenging but not-so-absurd objective. Look like making peace with the abyssal with your own world rules is something more interesting.

'''Mikazuki :''' Why did you want to retire from a cool-looking-adventure-of-a-life ?

'''Myschin :''' Because, and trust me, putting your life in danger like I have do until several month ago, it's too tiring !

'''Mikakzuki :''' Oh... OK...

'''Myschin :''' Okay, now one last thing. Let me announce how this base will works from now. As the admiral here, I decree that the most important that we will have is... Having fun together.

'''All of the shipgirls :''' Eh ?

'''Myschin :''' To make it easier to understand... All those military formalities, throw them away ! We are not here to have it rude. We are all humans, we are friends or family now.

'''Inazuma :''' Eeeh, but...

'''Myschin :''' But what ? Do you worry about the Headquarters ?

'''Inazuma :''' Yes, do you think they will allow you to do as you please ?

'''Myschin :''' How I can say it ? They allow even animals or [http://www.pixiv.net/member_illust.php?mode=medium&illust_id=42970589 non-living things] to be admiral. So as long as I don't use my creatures and spells to do the missions, I'm not out-of-the-law right ?

'''Kuma :''' That's true kuma.

'''Myschin :''' And look, I don't even wear the conventional military uniform. I only kept the military cap as a proof that I'm the admiral. it's enough. Also, you can ask me to play with you, or just come in this office if you want to talk with me, or just... I don't know what you do when you have free time, but if it's about reading a book, drink some tea or even play video games, I'm okay with that. Do not fear to bother me, unless we are a critical situation, which I hope will not happen that much.

'''Shirayuki :''' Wait, so you're saying that we can do almost anything we want ?

'''Myschin :''' As long as you don't do anything dangerous or something that might disturb other girls, you can almost live the life you want here. However, there will an exception. I plan to host severals shipgirls that will never know about the rude life of a soldier in the war. Harusame, Zuihou and Kiyoshimo will be among thoses. So I'll say that the really important rule in the base would be that everyone has to keep the purity and innocence of thoses shipgirls at any cost. It includes... Relationships.

'''Shikinami :''' Relationships ? Why ?

'''Myschin :''' I will also allow you to have the relationships that you want with any other peoples, to go straight to the point, if you fall in love with someone else, please don't hide it and live it to the fullest, but please don't do it in front of the innocents girls, unless they ask themselves about the subject.

'''Mikazuki :''' I get it but I have another question

'''Myschin :''' Yes ?

'''Mikazuki :''' What if one or more than one of us will fall in love with you admiral ?

'''Inazuma :''' Awawawa !

'''Myschin :''' ... Yeah, maybe it will happen at some point. To be honest, I want to be in love with the Destroyer Hime... Let's say that if you have real feeling for me, don't keep it for yourselves, I don't want to host some yanderes here. Just, I will maybe not accept your feelings. Love is a complicated thing. I think things will go naturally with time. But remember one thing, I will always care about everyone of you, even if I don't like some as much as others... Oh yeah, one last thing. If you are scared to sleep alone or just want to sleep with me, as long as it doesn't involves... Adult night battles... It will be okay.

'''Kuma :''' You are really a strange admiral kuma, but I'm okay with this.

'''Shirayuki :''' Fine by me.

'''Shikinami :''' Oki doki

'''Mikazuki :''' I have one last question admiral... I just want to be sure... will you send us in mission just by judging over our statistics ?

'''Myschin :''' No, unless a critical situation comes in.

'''Mikazuki :''' I'm relieved. It does mean that if us Mutsuki-class Destroyers can go on a mission, you can choose one of us, right ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes, I want to give a chance to some shipgirls who are considered "Weaks and useless" by some other admirals.

'''Mikazuki :''' All right ! I'll follow you no matter what then !

'''Inazuma :''' ...

'''Myschin :''' What's the matter Inazuma ?

Then suddenly the Destroyer began to cry.

'''Inazuma :''' Uwaaah, really thank you for being so kind with us-nanodesu...

The admiral then pat-pat Inazuma's head.

'''Myschin :''' It's okay now.

'''Inazuma :''' Aaah, I showed another embarassing side of myself !

Then the other shipgirls comfort her.

'''Myschin :''' Now that everything has been said... How about having a meal together ?

'''All of the shipgirls :''' YES !!

==Advance towards the Nansei Islands==
'''Myschin :''' How was the meal ?

'''Shikinami :''' Pretty good !

'''Myschin :''' Now let's back to our missions... I need to verify something.

The admiral turned on the TV screen.

'''Myschin :''' Ooyodo, are you there ?

'''Ooyodo :''' Yes, how can I help you admiral ?

'''Myschin :''' Do we have quests or something for now ?

'''Ooyodo :''' Yes you have one quest. You need to organize a Destroyer Division by having 4 Destroyers in your fleet.

'''Myschin :''' Okay... Then I assign all of our Destroyers to the first fleet.

'''Ooyodo :''' Good, your quest is now validated. We will send you a Instant construction material soon. Your new resources have already been assigned.

'''Myschin :''' Any other quest ?

'''Ooyodo :''' Yes, now you have to organize a Torpedo Squadron with 1 Light Cruiser as the flagship and 3 Destroyers in your fleet.

'''Myschin :''' Can I do it right now even if we didn't went on a mission ?

'''Ooyodo :''' Yes you can do it, don't worry. later on, you will have to do some sorties in order to validate some quests.

'''Myschin :''' All right ! Kuma, you are now the flagship of the fleet.

'''Kuma :''' Kuma kuma~

'''Ooyodo :''' Good ! Yu will receive soon a Repair Team as a reward.

'''Myschin :''' What ?! Such a great item this earlier ?!

'''Ooyodo :''' The headquarters can be nice with you sometimes you know ?

'''Myschin :''' Hmm yes, thank you anyway.

'''Ooyodo :''' And now you have 2 new quests. You can active up to 5 at the same time. Just remember that you can only complete your active quests. Even if you will satisfy all the requirements of a quest that isn't validated, you will not receive the rewards and have to do it again.

'''Myschin :''' Ok, so thoses new quests are... Having 6 ships in the fleet, and the other is... 2 Light cruisers in the fleet. I guess it's time to sortie again. Girls, are you ready ?

'''All of the shipgirls :''' Yes !

'''Myschin :''' Let's see, we don't have to send all of you on that mission again, right ?

'''Inazuma :''' What are you thinking commander ?

'''Myschin :''' How about you being the flagship, with Kuma and 2 others Destroyers to accompany you ?

'''Inazuma :''' Hmm okay, but who will stay here ?

Shirayuki raise her hand.

'''Shirayuki :''' I can, but let me lend you my equipment, even if it's only a common 12.7cm Twin Gun Mount.

'''Myschin :''' OK Inazuma, can you hold another canon ?

'''Inazuma :''' Yes.

'''Myschin :''' I will think about the management of the equipments later. For now, it's time to sortie again. Good luck to all of you.

'''Mikazuki :''' Thanks, as long as the compass girls lead us to the right path.

The fleet went into the sea around the naval base again and easily defeat the lone I-class Destroyer they found on the way.

'''Kuma :''' Hey, there is someone here kuma.

'''[[Miyuki]] :''' Yo ! I'm Miyuki. Great to meet you !

'''Inazuma :''' Ah...

The admiral noticed that Inazuma was hesitant. He grabbed the microphone again.

'''Myschin :''' Something bother you Inazuma ?

'''Inazuma :''' Y-yes... I have a not-so-happy memories about my previous encounter with Miyuki...

'''Myschin :''' Do you want to return now ?

'''Inazuma :''' No, I'm fine, we didn't took any damage. I'll explain the situation after the mission.

Then the compass girls showed up again.

'''Compass girls :''' Fufufu ! We meet again shipgirls ! Are you ready for the Great Spin of our Almighty Artifact ?

'''Myschin :''' Really ! Cut it out with your nicknames and just spin this compass please !

'''Compass girls :''' Tchh ! We will teach you all about our Great Artifact !

Then they did spin the compass, who indicate now the South path.

'''Kuma :''' Yes ! Now we can reach the boss's lair kuma !

'''Compass girls :''' Grrr ! You will pay for that ! See you later shipgirls !

The fleet then continued on his way, until they meet a fleet of 3 abyssal ships lead by a Light cruiser Ho-class.

'''Shikinami :''' Be careful ! This one look stronger that the 2 others !

'''Kuma :''' Leave it to me kuma !

A fierce battle began, where everyone attack the enemy fleet with all they got. But by the end of the battle, the Ho-class was still alive.

'''Mikazuki :''' What do we do now admiral ? Should we will go into Night Battle mode ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes, I'm curious to see how it works because we are still in the middle of the day.

Then the sun went down very quickly around the shipgirls and the night came as fast.

'''Myschin :''' Interesting ! It works like some sort of large environment bubble...

'''Inazuma :''' If possible, I'd like to save those sunken enemy ships as well but... I'm really sorry-nanodesu ! I'm going to hit you !

Inazuma aimed the Ho-class and shoot it in one go, allowing the fleet to score a total victory.

'''Inazuma :''' We... We did it-nanodesu !

'''Shikinami :''' And look, here is another shipgirl coming this way.

It was one blonde-haired girl with hair buns and twintails.

'''[[Michishio]] :''' Michishio here. Why did I get assigned to such a fleet ?

'''Kuma :''' Eh ? Why did you say that kuma ? I suppose this is fate kuma.

'''Michishio :''' Humpf, I have no other choice but to follow you.

Every shipgirl noticed the attitude of Michishio. The admiral didn't say anything at all. The fleet returned to the base quickly after that. The admiral and Shirayuki were on the dock, waiting for them.

'''Myschin :''' Welcome back everyone. Does any of you need to go into the repair docks ?

'''Shikinami, Mikazuki :''' Yes we would like to, please.

'''Myschin :''' Leave your equipment in the arsenal and you can go. So, how was the battle ?

'''Inazuma :''' Not as easy as we hope, but it will be better with time I guess-nanodesu.

'''Myschin :''' OK, everyone will take a short break now.

Miyuki and Michishio stared at the admiral.

'''Myschin :''' You are the news girls that the fleet meet on his way right ? Welcome in our naval base. We will explain how it work soon and...

'''Michishio :''' Hey ! Cut it out with the kindness ! It's war you know !

'''Myschin :''' ... Yes I know well miss, but this naval base will be peaceful one and I'll ensure personally that it will stay this way. Are you nervous by any chance ?

'''Michishio :''' Yes I am ! I remember that I lost all of my sisters while I was in a repair dock and I was assigned to another fleet with peoples that I didn't know ! Also... I wonder if there are some other girls here...

'''Myschin :''' I'm sorry, you are the earliers ones. Who are you looking for ?

'''Michishio :''' Can you really promise that I can live the peaceful life you talked about ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes.

'''Michishio :''' Okay, then I'll wait for those others girls patiently. You will see them later.

'''Miyuki :''' Hey hey hey ! What about me ? I'm the great Miyuki-sama you know !

'''Myschin :''' ...

The admiral smiled while looking at the cheerful girl.

'''Shirayuki :''' Dear little sister, please don't go on this attitude so fast !

'''Myschin :''' It's all right Shirayuki, I'm fine with her attitude... Now that I think about it, Miyuki is the first sister ship of another that is already here who arrive. I hope we will soon meet your other sisters for all of you.

'''Kuma :''' Yes !

'''Myschin :''' Now then, everyone please take a break. Inazuma, come with me in my office.

'''Inazuma :''' Yes-nanodesu...

The two of them went to the office and the admiral made sure that they are alone in the room.

'''Myschin :''' Okay, can you explain what bothered you when you met Miyuki earlier ?

'''Inazuma :''' Yes... As I said earlier, we have memories from the past within us... Maybe you know about thoses memories.

'''Myschin :''' I didn't do must research about your past lifes.

'''Inazuma :''' I-I collided with Miyuki before, and she sank just for that. I'm feeling so guilty right now.

'''Myschin :''' What you have done before belong to the past. What is important now is what you will make from now. I'm sure that Miyuki don't hold a grudge against you.

'''Inazuma :''' Are you really sure about that-nanodesu ?

'''Myschin :''' Well, how about I call Miyuki right now ?

'''Inazuma :''' Eh ?!

'''Myschin :''' You don't want to heard it for his mouth so you could be in peace with yourself ?

'''Inazuma :''' It can't be that simple-nanodesu...

'''Myschin :''' Why not ?

And so the admiral called Miyuki to his office in order to clear that "incident". Miyuki indeed didn't hold a grudge against Inazuma (She has already forget about that a long time ago in fact) so the Destroyer can be at peace now.

'''Myschin :''' So, it's only the beginning of the afternoon... We can still do a lot of things I guess.

The admiral turned on the TV screen again.

'''Myschin :''' Hello there Ooyodo, I want to say that now I can have 6 girls in my fleet.

'''Ooyodo :''' Good ! Now you are allowed to have a second fleet and you can do expeditions. Also, you have 2 new quests. One of them consist to have a flagship in your second fleet.

'''Myschin :''' Easy to do, and the other one ?

'''Ooyodo :''' You need to have a Seaplane Tender in your fleet.

'''Myschin :''' Seaplane Tender ?! You mean... Akitsushima ?!

'''Ooyodo :''' Admiral, there are other Seaplane Tenders you know, such as Chitose and Chiyoda.

'''Myschin :''' Ah, good to know...

'''Ooyodo :''' When you are done with the composition of the second fleet, you will receive your next quest.

'''Myschin :''' Which is ?

'''Ooyodo :''' Just sortie your second fleet.

'''Myschin :''' I can do that ? Other fleets beside the first aren't just for expeditions ?

'''Ooyodo :''' How do you think Combined fleet works then ?

'''Myschin :''' Ah, that's true. So let me organize the second fleet. We will go to the sea around the Nansei islands.

The admiral called all of the shipgirls in is office.

'''Myschin :''' Well ladies, we need to sortie the second fleet, and we will go into the next area. Who want to go ?

Inazuma, Kuma, Mikazuki and Michishio raised their hands.

'''Myschin :''' Mmh, I really want to make sure you can score a victory if you reach the boss's node... Anyone else ?

'''Miyuki :''' Can I join this mission too ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes.

'''Miyuki :''' So cool ! My first sortie ! Yahoo !

'''Shikinami :''' You are really energetic.

'''Myschin :''' OK, so... Inazuma can I ask you one more time to be the flagship ?

'''Inazuma :''' Yes-nanodesu.

Shortly after, the second fleet was ready to go.

'''Myschin :''' I have a bad feeling about this...

'''Shirayuki :''' Why ?

'''Myschin :''' Because the road to the boss's lair splits right from the start, so it all depends on the compass girls's mood.

And speaking of the devil, on the path to the mission's area...

'''Compass girls :''' Hellooo again shipgirls ! Ready for the spin ?

'''Inazuma :''' We don't have the choice-nanodesu...

'''Compass girls :''' Oh oh oh ! Let's spin it !

The needle pointed south-east.

'''Kuma :''' We have to see it coming kuma...

'''Myschin :''' I guessed right about my bad feeling but don't worry girls, it's all part of the rules, just aim for the south-east, we can at least meet another comrade.

And the fleet met a new enemy vessel, the Light Cruiser He-class, but they win against his fleet. Another total victory for the shipgirls.

'''Mikazuki :''' So, is there any new comrade here ?

'''??? :''' P-P-Poiii !

'''Kuma :''' That voice, it's...

'''[[Yuudachi]] : '''Hi, I'm Yuudachi, a Shiratsuyu-class destroyer. Nice to meet you-poi !

The fleet soon returned to the naval base with their new comrade.

'''Myschin :''' Welcome back everyone.

'''Inazuma :''' Sorry if we went on the wrong path...

'''Myschin :''' It's not your fault so it's OK.

'''Yuudachi :''' So you are, like, the admiral here-poi ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes I am. Welcome in our base Yuudachi.

The blonde-haired girl came as close as possible to the admiral's face.

'''Yuudachi :''' Tell me-poi ! I am cute ?

'''Myschin :''' You are too close, I can't tell.

'''Yuudachi :''' Ok sorry so... I am cute-poi ?

'''Myschin :''' I think you are yes.

'''Yuudachi :''' Eheheh~ I'm so happy-poi !

'''Kuma :''' Kinda like the same personality as Miyuki kuma...

'''Myschin :''' I don't mind at all.

'''Yuudachi :''' Ok admiral, will you come with me buy a new swimsuit for the summer-poi ?

'''Myschin :''' ... Eh ? What ?

'''Yuudachi :''' It's summer you know ! I want to have a swimsuit-poi !

'''Myschin :''' Erm, we will see about that later OK ?

Then Yuudachi left the office to go with Miyuki.

'''Myschin :''' ... She's not even Kai ni and she already has this doggy attitude... I'm a bit afraid for the future.
==The first "rare" ship==
'''Myschin :''' So I really need a second Light cruiser in order to complete that quest... And it's look like kinda hard to meet a Light Cruiser in thoses two areas near the base...

'''Ooyodo :''' You can try to do a construction if you want.

'''Myschin :''' Ah right, I almost forgot about that. Inazuma, come with me please.

The two went to the Construction dock.

'''Myschin :''' Hmm, how many resources I have to put in the Recipe if I want a Light cruiser ?

'''Inazuma :''' Please don't forget that the result can be totally random-nanodesu.

'''Myschin :''' True... And even if our resources are a little better now, I don't want to let us go bankrupt right from the start... Even Naka will be a good drop. Let's put the minimum in the Recipe then.

As soon as the admiral pushed the button to start the construction, the timer display a duration of 18 minutes.

'''Myschin :''' ... Yeah I'm pretty sure it's not a Light Cruiser...  But I'm curious now, who can it be ?

'''Inazuma :''' If I remember correctly, 18 minutes will result in a Mutsuki-class Destroyer-nanodesu.

'''Myschin :''' Mutsuki-class... Oh yeah ! I hope it would be Nagatsuki ! I'm really looking for her too. But still, it's 1/8 chance right ?

'''Inazuma :''' There are 9 Mutsuki-class that are buildable-nanodesu.

'''Myschin :''' Wait, I have several of those Instant Construction materials. Let's use one right now.

A fairy come with a flame-thrower...

'''Myschin :''' What the...

Then the Recipe was engulfed in a blazing hell of flames.

'''Myschin :''' Hey hey... The Recipe will be OK ?!

'''Inazuma :''' Yes, don't worry. The construction is complete now-nanodesu.

Then the Recipe slowly opened, releasing again a lot of smoke.

'''[[Yayoi]] : '''Yayoi, reporting for duty... Pleased to meet you. Please don't be too concerned about me...

'''Myschin :''' ...

'''Inazuma :''' ...

Then the admiral and Inazuma immediately started to pat-pat Yayoi's head.

'''Inazuma, Myschin :''' So damn cute !

'''Yayoi :''' ... Eh ? Why are you doing this ? Didn't I said to not be too concerned about me ?

'''Myschin :''' It can't be helped, you look so adorable... And you remind me a girl that I've met before.

'''Yayoi :''' But I am not adorable ! Sorry for having such a stiff expression...

'''Myschin :''' It's fine if you don't want to show us your real expressions.

'''Yayoi :''' And I'm not angry OK ?

'''Myschin :''' You are fine this way... Oh Yayoi, why are you so cute ?

'''Inazuma :''' I'm a little jealous-nanodesu !

Yayoi pulled back slightly.

'''Yayoi :''' Wait... I'm just an useless Destroyer with little to no expressions. Are you really fine with me ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes, everyone has his own personality. If you are a silent-type character, it's also fine. I welcome everyone in this naval base, no matter what type of ship you are or if your statistics are good or bad. Inazuma will tell you everything you need to know about how you will live your life from now.

'''Yayoi :''' Then I have one question...Will you be kind to me despite my stiff expressions ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes, because I really like you the way you are... And I'll ensure that you will be happy here.

Yayoi blushed a little

'''Yayoi :''' Then... Could you pat me more please ?

'''Myschin :''' With pleasure.

Ten minute later, the admiral and Inazuma were still patting Yayoi's head, until...

'''Yuudachi :''' Aaaah ! It's so unfair ! I want to be patted too-poi !

'''Yayoi :''' I'll say you are too energetic for that...

'''Yuudachi :''' Whaaat ?!

'''Myschin :''' Come on, please calm down you two. Come here Yuudachi.

'''Yuudachi :''' ...

'''Myschin :''' You can lie on my lap if you want.

'''Yuudachi :''' ... OK-poi.

'''Myschin :''' Now, now... Good girl, did you feel better ?

'''Yuudachi :''' Yes.

'''Yayoi :''' Sorry for having such harsh talk with you...

'''Yuudachi :''' Eheheh, it's fine now.

'''Myschin :''' Hmm, let's stay here for another ten minutes, then we will go back to work.

'''Inazuma, Yayoi, Yuudachi :''' Ok.

----

Later on, in the admiral's office.

'''Myschin :''' I'm sorry if I didn't tell you sooner Mikazuki, but look who is here now.

'''Yayoi :''' Hello...

'''Mikazuki :''' Waaah ! To think that among all of my sisters YOU could arrive the first... It's a great surprise. I'll take care of you.

'''Yayoi :''' As long as I can be with the admiral sometimes, fine by me.

'''Myschin :''' Okay, now I think we will start to run some expeditions. I need two shipgirls for the first one...

'''Mikazuki :''' Yayoi and I can do it.

'''Yayoi :''' Why not ?

'''Myschin :''' Fine, tell me when you are ready to go.

'''Shikinami, through microphone :''' Hello, this the first fleet, can you heard me admiral ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes, how is your situation ?

'''Shikinami :''' Sorry, the compass girls send us again in the south-east.

'''Myschin :''' ... Meh, this compass is so random after all.

'''Shikinami :''' And we find a new comrade...

'''??? :''' Wait ! Who said that I must follow you ?!

'''Myschin :''' ... Oops, another hothead as I can heard...

'''Shikinami :''' You have no other choice you know ?

'''??? :''' Humpf ! I'm pretty sure that this admiral is another piece of trash !

'''Myschin :''' ... Wait, I think I know this girl, it could be Akebono.

The admiral went to the dock to await the return of the fleet. They come a few minutes after, and the admiral saw the new shipgirl among them, a silver-haired one with a side ponytail.

'''Myschin :''' * Oh dear, she will not go easy with me *

'''Inazuma :''' It looks like the fleet has returned.

'''Myschin :''' Welcome back. Those who need to go the repair dock, proceed now.

'''[[Kasumi]] :''' I'm Kasumi...

'''Myschin :''' Welcome in our base.

'''Kasumi :''' You really look incompetent ! Look like we will run into a wall soon or later.

'''Myschin :''' Erm you know... It's still my real first day as an admiral, I hope it will go better with time...

'''Kasumi :''' Well I guess that I will find out soon if you are a piece of trash ou just incompetent.

'''Myschin :''' Challenge accepted. Let me just tell you that Michishio is already here, she will explain to you everything you need to know.

Kasumi left without even looking at the admiral.

'''Kuma :''' What a brat kuma...

'''Myschin :''' It's fine, really. I can't force her to do anything she dislikes, it could only worsen the situation. For now, take a break, we will return to that area later.

----

Inazuma, Kuma, Shikinami, Shirayuki and Miyuki went again to the sea round the Nansei islands.

'''Compass girls :''' You are really persistent you know ?

'''Kuma :''' Yeah yeah we know kuma. Just spin the compass already kuma.

This time, the needle pointed to the east.

'''Inazuma :''' Finally-nanodesu !

'''Shikinami :''' We can secure the whole area if we win !

The fleet met a small abyssal force that they have no difficulty to overcome, and then they reached the boss's lair. This time, the enemy fleet contained 1 Light cruiser He-class and 1 Torpedo cruiser Chi-class with 3 Destroyers but thank to the Yasen, the shipgirls came out this battle with another total victory.

'''Myschin :''' Good job ladies ! Now we can advance to the next area.

'''Inazuma :''' Ah, there is a new comrade-nanodesu.

It turned out that it was a girl with long green hairs.

'''[[Nagatsuki]] :''' Nagatsuki here. Don't make light of me as destroyers. I'm useful !

'''Myschin :''' ... Oh my !

When the fleet returned, the admiral went to meet them.

'''Inazuma :''' We are back-nanodesu.

'''Myschin :''' Great job everyone ! But more than this victory, you brought back someone that I was really looking for !

'''Nagatsuki :''' Hum ? Do you talk about me ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes Nagatsuki. It's not the first time we meet. You don't remember our last encounter ?

'''Nagatsuki :''' Wait a second, you are that planething person that I've met during a convention ?!

'''Myschin :''' Yes, my name is Myschin... You remember now ?

'''Nagatsuki :''' Oh yes... I am delighted to have arrived in your base.

'''Inazuma :''' You two know each other-nanodesu ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes. When I have met Nagatsuki for the first time, I have promised to her that if I will become an admiral someday, I will use her as often as other ships. Now I can keep my promise.

'''Nagatsuki :''' Eh eh, I'm really looking to work with you commander !

'''Shikinami :''' Wait a second there. How did you ended up in a convention Nagatsuki ?!

'''Nagatsuki :''' It's none of your business ! I can enjoy my holidays the way I want right ?

'''Shikinami :''' Ok, ok...

'''Myschin :''' And I have a good new for you Nagatsuki : 2 of your sisters are already there.

'''Nagatsuki :''' Niiice, I won't be alone... I'm so relieved.
==The true angel==
'''Myschin :''' Thanks for coming again.

'''Suna :''' I'm glad that I can help you more now that the paperwork is done for good and all.

'''Myschin :''' Sure. So... Does that compass is really random in the Coastal Refinery Zone ?

'''Suna :''' Unfortunately yes, there is too many interferences that prevent the compass to work, even the compass girls can't control it.

'''Myschin :''' That explain why we didn't reach the boss node in 5 sorties, and the drops aren't commons either.

'''Suna :''' Look at the bright side, you have already met 3 more shipgirls.

'''Myschin :''' Yes, that's it.

'''[[Kuroshio]] :''' Hey admiral, did ya rly think that my accent is that weird ?

'''Myschin :''' I think so !

'''Kuroshio :''' Meh ! Wait until you encounter more of us girls with an accent !

'''Myschin :''' We will see about that...

'''[[Nenohi]] :''' Say admiral ! What day is today ?

'''Myschin :''' It's July, 8th...

'''Nenohi :''' Waaah ! You are such a meanie !

'''Myschin :''' Did you realise that your pun only work one day in the whole year ?

'''Nenohi, pouting :''' Agrougrou !

'''Myschin :''' Please, don't sulk like that, aren't you a pretty girl ?

'''Nenohi :''' Eh ? Eeeeh... Do you really think that admiral ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes, I don't think that any other shipgirl can have hairs longer than you.

'''Nenohi :''' Is that sooo...

'''Myschin :''' And the third girl is... * Sigh *

'''[[Asashio]] :''' Please say your orders commander !

'''Myschin :''' Didn't I tell you before to throw the military formalities away ?

'''Asashio :''' Affirmative ! But I can't be more carefree just like that.

'''Myschin :''' You will have to learn about that... Michishio and even Kasumi are looking at you with a smug smile you know ?

'''Asashio :''' Eh ?!

'''Kasumi :''' Yeah, you are really too rigid.

'''Asashio :''' How dare you ! I'm the elder sister ! Don't disrespect me !

Asashio began to pursue her sisters.

'''Myschin :''' Ah, how sweet of them. I really like how the girls are currently adapt themselves to the life of the base.

'''Suna :''' Wait, this still your first day you know ? You don't have picked a good rhythm yet.

'''Myschin :''' I guess it will come with time.

'''Inazuma, through microphone :''' Inazuma here.

'''Myschin :''' Ah, how is your progress in the area ?

'''Inazuma :''' We ended up again in the dead end-nanodesu... But...

'''Myschin :''' But ?

'''Inazuma :''' How can I say that ? It's too bright-nanodesu ?

'''Myschin :''' Hu ?

'''Kuma :''' We have met a... True angel I guess kuma.

'''Myschin :''' Wait what ? An angel ?! Please return as soon as possible to the base.

'''Suna :''' Hey Myschin...

'''Myschin :''' Yes ?

'''Suna :''' I can see that some light is coming closer and closer to the base.

The admiral turned his head and saw through the window a column of light.

'''Myschin :''' What did they found this time ?! I though that only shipgirls can drop in this world !

The fleet returned to the base and the girls immediately went to the admiral's office.

'''Inazuma :''' We're back-nanodesu.

'''Myschin :''' Welcome back... So, what was that colum of light behind you ?!

'''??? :''' Eheheh~

'''Suna :''' That voice...

Then the light gradually disappeared, until the admiral and his friend can see a girl that really look like Inazuma.

'''[[Fumizuki]] : '''I'm Fumizuki. Nice to meet you~

Then the light immediately bright again.

'''Myschin :''' ... ... ... No way !

'''Suna :''' Is she a true angel ?!

'''Fumizuki :''' Eheheh~

'''Myschin :''' Aaargh ! That smile is killing me !

'''Suna :''' Me too !

'''Fumizuki :''' What's the matter commander~ ?

'''Myschin :''' It can't be ! She's so pure, so innocent !

'''Fumizuki :''' Eh~ ? But I really want to fight the abyssal and be stronger you know~ ?

'''Myschin :''' I really think that you can kill someone for real with that smile of your !

'''Fumizuki :''' Is that sooo~ ?

'''Myschin :''' Damnit ! I have a nosebleed now !

'''Suna :''' Me too argh !

'''Fumizuki :''' Commander, what is it ? What is it ? Ehehe~

'''Myschin :''' Nooo ! It's too bright now !

Five minutes later, they were slightly adapted to the situation.

'''Myschin :''' Ok... Ok... I just want to be sure. I want to see how powerful is your lethal weapon, that smile of your. Someone call Michishio and Kasumi over there please.

'''Shikinami :''' I'm taking care of it !

Soon after, the 2 Destroyers came to the office.

'''Kasumi :''' What is it useless admiral ? What did you want from us ?

'''Myschin :''' I want to introduce a new comrade to you.

'''Fumizuki :''' I'm Fumizuki. Nice to meet you~

'''Michishio, Kasumi :''' ...

'''Fumizuki :''' What is it~ ?

Michishio quickly turns to hide the fact that she was hit very hard.

'''Michishio :''' Damn, she's too strong ! I can't win against that smile... How about you Kasumi ? ... Kasumi ?

Kasumi was stunned in the first time, then she melted her harsh words and just start to apologies to Fumizuki.

'''Kasumi :''' Please forgive my rude words toward the admiral ! I beg of you my angel !

'''Fumizuki :''' Eheheh~, fine by me~

'''Suna :''' ... So, what's your verdict ?

'''Myschin :''' Do I really need to say it ? It speak all by itself !

Then Mikazuki, Nagatsuki and Yayoi came in the office too.

'''Nagatsuki :''' Oh Fumizuki, you're finally here...

'''Fumizuki :''' Hello my sisters~

'''Mikazuki :''' Cute as always...

'''Yayoi :''' Let me pat your head...

'''Fumizuki :''' Eheheh~ thank you~

Yayoi smiled, with a real smile this time.

'''Nagatsuki :''' Oh admiral, if you worry about us, we are immunized against his power. Maybe it's just because we are sisters.

'''Mikazuki :''' Yes, that's how it works.

'''Myschin :''' Wow, that was one heck of an experience !

'''Suna :''' I think I will reconsider the position of my own Fumizuki in my base.

==A rival to the angel ?==
'''Myschin :''' So how ended up this 12th sortie into the Coastal Refinery Zone ?

'''Inazuma :''' A dead end again-nanodesu...

'''Myschin :''' ... Yeah, we will take a break and return training in the other two areas... But I can also see that you are happy Inazuma.

'''Inazuma :''' Yes, because...

'''[[Ikazuchi]] :''' I'm Ikazuchi ! Not 'Kaminari' ! Please take care of that part too, okay !

'''Myschin :''' Ohoh ! Great job ! Now you are not alone Inazuma.

'''Ikazuchi :''' Hey commander, it's fine to rely on me more you know ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes yes.

'''Ikazuchi :''' Sooo, can I help you right here, right now ?

'''Myschin :''' Maybe you can help us to reach the boss's lair in the third area ?

'''Ikazuchi :''' ... Sorry, I can't do that...

'''Myschin :''' How about some training with Inazuma then ?

'''Ikazuchi :''' Yes ! With pleasure !

The two sisters went into the sea in front of the naval base.

'''Ikazuchi :''' Why I'm the flagship anyway ? Don't you want to be stronger Inazuma ?

'''Inazuma :''' Yes but you need to gain more experience-nanodesu.

'''Ikazuchi :''' Oki doki, let's do it.

The two Destroyers ended up with a total victory at the boss node.

'''Ikazuchi :''' Our Raiden Combo is so strong !

'''Inazuma :''' If you say so...

And they found a new comrade as well. It turned out that it was a girl with black hairs and a braid.

'''[[Shigure]] :''' I'm Shigure, of the Shiratsuyu-class destroyers. Nice to meet you.

'''Inazuma :''' Somehow she has an angelic aura-nanodesu...

The fleet returned to the base. Then Inazuma and Ikazuchi presented their new friend to the admiral.

'''Myschin :''' Oooh Shigure right ? You sure are a precious girl...

'''Shigure :''' Thank you... I will be glad to be useful for you...

'''Myschin :''' You look so wise...

'''Shigure :''' Is that so ?

'''Myschin :''' Yeah, but fortunately your warm smile isn't that deadly.

'''Shigure :''' Eh ? What does it mean ?

'''Myschin :''' You look like an angel, but not such as Fumizuki, and it's a great thing because that girl is too damn pure and innocent.

'''Shigure :''' I see... * So it does mean that I'm not the most kind girl here ? * By the way admiral, if you're interested in me... You can ask whatever you'd like.

'''Myschin :''' Eh ? Hmmm, we will see later. By the way, you will be happy to learn that...

'''Yuudachi :''' SHI-GU-RE !!

Then Yuudachi jumped on her sister and began to cuddle her everywhere.

'''Shigure :''' Kyah ! Oh Yuudachi, you're here...

'''Yuudachi :''' Eheheh, I'm so glad-poi !

'''Myschin :''' Yeah, Yuudachi was already there. I hope you will get along well.

The admiral suddenly noticed that Michishio silently watched the scene from behind the half-open door of the office.

'''Myschin :''' Yuudachi, could you left the office for a minute, Shigure will join you later.

'''Yuudachi :''' Eeeh ? Why me alone ?

'''Myschin :''' I'll play with you later if you do so.

'''Yuudachi :''' Ok-poi !

Yuudachi left without even noticing that Michishio was behind the door.

'''Myschin :''' You can come in...

'''Michishio :''' ...

'''Shigure :''' Eh ? Mi-Michishio ?

'''Michishio :''' Hello Shigure... Do you remember me ?

Then suddenly Shigure hugged Michishio in her arms.

'''Shigure, begin to cry :''' Yes... Yes... This time for sure I will protect you !

'''Myschin :''' So one of the girls you were looking for is Shigure...

'''Michishio :''' Admiral, what did you know about the Nishimura fleet ?

'''Myschin :''' I know that it was a terrible battle who ended up in a total defeat for you...

'''Shigure, still crying :''' Michishio... Michishio...

'''Michishio :''' Please admiral, please look quickly for the other members of the fleet, at least for the 3 main ships. I know that my 2 others sisters will not show up that easily, but for the other it will be easy. Please do it, to ensure that poor Shigure can be at peace with herself.

'''Myschin :''' Yes, you can count on me.

Soon after that, the 2 Destroyers left the office and the sun started to went down little by little.

'''Myschin :''' Hum, it's almost the night... I guess I'll let some girls train themselves in the sea around the base and then we will stop for today. What a busy day...

The fleet also brought back 2 other shipgirls to the base.

'''Myschin :''' ...

'''[[Hibiki]], [[Arare]] :''' ...

'''Myschin :''' Please introduce yourselves, ladies.

'''Hibiki :''' I'm Hibiki. I'm also referred to as "The Phoenix" from my exploits.

'''Arare :''' Arare... I won't say 'ncha-'... Look after me...

'''Myschin :''' 'ncha-' ?

'''Arare :''' You didn't read Dr. Slump ?

'''Myschin :''' No, I'm not a great fan of Akira Toriyama.

'''Arare :''' Then it's fine.

'''Hibiki :''' Commander, I heard that Inazuma and Ikazuchi are already here.

'''Myschin :''' That's right.

'''Hibiki :''' Хорошо !

'''Myschin :''' So you already saying some russian words...

'''Hibiki :''' Always ! Is there a problem with that commander ?

'''Myschin :''' Not at all. Please do as you wish in this base.

'''Arare :''' I'll go find my sisters and we will have a sleepover !
==Quests management==
'''Myschin :''' I've done all the first quests and even some daily ones, and I still don't have a second Light cruiser orz !

'''Ooyodo :''' Admiral, you haven't done the daily constructions yet.

'''Myschin :''' Ah ! What I have to do then ?

'''Ooyodo :''' First, you need to craft a piece of equipment.

'''Myschin :''' Let's see... Crafting an equipment... OK, let's put the minimum input.

The admiral received a stuffed penguin.

'''Myschin :''' What kind of equipment is this ??

'''Ooyodo, sighing :''' It's the sign that you failed your craft.

'''Myschin :''' Awww, so I have to do it again ?

'''Ooyodo :''' No, it's fine, it's the thought that counts.

'''Myschin :''' So what I have to do next ?

'''Ooyodo :''' Now you have to build a new ship.

'''Myschin :''' Mmmh, what can I do ? I want to put the minimum in the Recipe...

'''Suna :''' No, you have enough resources and they regenerate little by little until you reach a soft cap. You can put more resources for a single try..

'''Myschin :''' What did you advise me ?

'''Suna :''' Try with 250 fuel, 130 Ammo, 200 Steel and 30 Bauxite.

'''Myschin :''' Okay, resources set and it's done... Hurrah ! Timer is 1 hour ! Where are thoses Instant Construction Materials ?! I need one right now !

A fairy came with the flame-thrower to burn up the Recipe.

'''Myschin :''' And I'm get used to it...

Then the Recipe opened and...

'''[[Natori]] : '''I'm called Natori... I'll do my best not to trouble you !

'''Myschin :''' ... Welcome in our base Natori !

'''Natori :''' Uwaaah ! You surprised me !

'''Myschin :''' Ah sorry, it's the excitation. I really needed a second Light cruiser in order to complete a quest...

'''Natori :''' Ah... Then you will throw me away because I'm an useless cruiser right ?

'''Myschin, sighing :''' Aww crap, not this story again !

'''Natori :''' Please forgive me already to have made you angry !!

'''Myschin :''' Hu wait ! I'm not really that angry you know !

'''Natori :''' ...

'''Myschin, staring at Natori :''' ...

'''Natori :''' Please don't look at me like thaaat !

Natori quickly run away while starting to cry.

'''Myschin :''' Oh boy, it will be hard to make her feel at ease.

'''Suna :''' There are worse cases you know ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes I can imagine... But that Natori... She seems really... Sad ? I think I can affirm that many admirals probably had to abuse her in other bases.

'''Suna :''' To be honest, she don't have that much of a personality...

'''Myschin :''' ... Well, we will see later for her case. Now that this 2 Light Cruiser Quest is done for good, what are the new quests then ?

'''Ooyodo :''' Pick one : Have 2 Heavy cruiser in your fleet ; or Tenryuu and Tatsuta in your fleet.

'''Myschin :''' Great ! Now you ask me for 2 bigger ships than a Light cruiser ?! I suppose I have to put even more resources in the Recipes, right ?

'''Suna :''' You can wait for that until tomorrow, no need to hurry for now.

'''Myschin :''' OK, so what are the other quests ?

'''Ooyodo :''' Craft 3 pieces of equipment, then build 3 more ships.

'''Myschin :''' Let's do that !

With Inazuma as his secretary ship, the admiral managed to craft 1 12,7 Twin Mount Gun and a Drum Canister.

'''Myschin :''' What's this ? It's just a common barrel right ?

'''Inazuma :''' We can use them for some expeditions.

'''Myschin :''' OK, I'll kept it.

'''Inazuma :''' Commander, I've met Natori earlier, what happened-nanodesu ?

'''Myschin :''' She began to fear me because I was just overexcited to get her, I'll have to apologize later. Now I have to build another 3 ships... Let's put the minimum in each Recipe.

The timers display respectively 20 minutes, 1 hour and another 20 minutes.

'''Myschin :''' Oooh, another Light Cruiser ? It's good.

'''Inazuma :''' Please don't forget that you can get a ship that you already have-nanodesu.

'''Myschin :''' Yes, and there are some duplicates already in the base, but I kept them until now because apparently there is quest that involve... Dismantling 2 ships, I am right Ooyodo.

'''Ooyodo :''' Yes, you can proceed now with that quest.

The admiral sent a second Miyuki and a second Mikazuki back to the civilian life.

'''Inazuma :''' Commander, about the modernisations...

'''Myschin :''' Don't worry about that, it's the same as send the duplicates to the civilian life, apparently we just need to add their gears to the ships that we want to modernise.

'''Inazuma :''' Okay-nanodesu.

'''Myschin :''' Now excuse me. Until the 3 timers reach 0, I will go apologize to Natori.

The admiral started to walk when...

'''Myschin :''' Wait, I don't even know where she go...

He asked some Destroyers until he learns that Natori is with Kuma in the same bedroom. The admiral reached said room quickly, they he knocked on the door.

'''Myschin :''' Is someone here ?

'''Kuma :''' Come in kuma.

The admiral entered the room and immediately saw that Natori was really nervous.

'''Kuma :''' What's up kuma ? It's the first time you come in a room like that ?

'''Myschin :''' Hmm yes. I have come to apologize to you Natori...

'''Natori :''' ...

'''Myschin :''' You see, I'm a newly assigned admiral, and things happened and... Damn I'm not good with this kind of talk. But, I'm really sorry if I scarred you, that wasn't my intention.

'''Natori :''' Even if you say so... You will rape me before scrapping me after you've done with your crime...

'''Myschin :''' ... Wait, this is not a crappy R-18 doujinshi scenario, this is reality you know ?

'''Natori :''' Yes, but you stared at my body too much that last time ! I know it because you were looking for my big chest right ?

'''Kuma :''' Hey hey, as far as I can tell, our admiral isn't a pervert or this kind of man, right kuma ?

'''Myschin :''' Yeah, that's true. I don't look at the body first when I'm looking for a partner in business or anything else. If you have a big chest, then what ? Do you really think I will keep you only because of that ?

'''Natori :''' It could be the case !

'''Myschin :''' Then I have to announce that it will be not MY case. My primary objective is to let all of you live a peaceful life in this naval base, no matter the class, the statistics or your shapes if you want? Be assured that if I have to fall in love with you, I will not aim for a night battle first.

'''Natori :''' Why don't you just say "sex" instead of "night battle" ?

'''Myschin, sighing :''' OK I get it. I'm sorry if too many admirals just see you as a sexual object. I am only see you as a precious shipgirl and nothing else. You are now a part of our family, you can have all the friends you want and... We will find your sisters as soon as possible, I promise.

'''Natori :''' Then no sex or rape or anything similar ?

'''Myschin :''' No unless it come with a mutual consent, and I'm not into that kind of things. Perhaps I have to say that I might have some creatures with tentacles among my tamed creatures.

'''Natori :''' Somehow I got the feeling that I can trust you... But I'm still scared you see ?

'''Myschin :''' Please take your time then, I'm not in a hurry. I will not disturb you until you are not scared anymore. Can you promise me you will not be afraid by my sole presence after that.

'''Natori :''' Yes.

'''Myschin :''' Then it's perfect. It's time for me to leave and return to the construction docks. If anything bother you, I will be in my office. Have a good night ladies.

'''Kuma :''' See you tomorrow kuma !

The admiral returned to the constructions docks, the timers have all reached 0.

'''Myschin :''' Who will come this time ?

The first Recipe opened and then the admiral thought he recognized Mikazuki.

'''Myschin :''' Mikazuki is that you ?

'''[[Hatsushimo]] :''' Wrong ! I'm the fourth ship of the Hatsuharu class, Hatsushimo.

'''Myschin :''' I'm sorry, you really look like Mikazuki.

'''Hatsushimo :''' My uniform is different and I have red eyes, please remember that.

'''Myschin :''' I'll remember don't worry.

'''Hatsushimo :''' So, does any of my sisters are here ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes, Nenohi is already here.

'''Hatsushimo :''' And, by any, chance, does Kasumi is here ?

'''Myschin :''' Wait, don't tell me it's about a fleet reunion after a defeat in the past.

'''Hatsushimo :''' You are right but I just want to see if there is any other member of the Ten-Go fleet here, it's not for start crying with them, I promise. The other members of this fleet will not show up that easily. Just, in any case, let Kasumi know about my arrival.

'''Myschin :''' No problem, she will learn soon. Now, I wonder who was inside that second Recipe ?

The second Recipe opened...

'''[[Tenryuu]] :''' My name is Tenryuu. Fufufu, ya scared ?

The Light cruiser immediately slipped to the ground.

'''Tenryuu :''' Owowow, it hurts !

She was about to cry when she realised that the admiral was looking at her.

'''Tenryuu :''' Awww crap, my entrance was a failure and now you will bully me like every other admiral because I'm just a false delinquent who is in fact a crybaby rather than a real hothead and...

'''Myschin :''' Stop ! I didn't say anything before that !

'''Hatsushimo :''' Are you OK miss Tenryuu ?

'''Tenryuu :''' Huuu, I guess but...

'''Myschin :''' Hey now, don't look at me as if I was a sadistic person OK ?

'''Tenryuu :''' Do whatever you want with me, I don't care ! Between the bully and Tatsuta, I wonder why I was born ?

'''Myschin :''' It's good ? I can speak now ? Thank you. So Tenryuu, what's bother you the most ?

'''Tenryuu :''' Huuu, being bullied by Tatsuta and the other admirals.

'''Myschin :''' Hey Tenryuu, honestly I don't mind if your are a delinquent, as long as you don't threat someone else's life.

'''Tenryuu :''' Eh ?

'''Myschin :''' How about living the life that you want here ?

'''Tenryuu :''' Can I really be a chuunibyou if I want ?

'''Myschin :''' Why not ?

'''Tenryuu :''' Heee, that's nice of you but... Tatsuta, she will tease me again and again, and I really hate that. Can't she be a little calmer than she is with me in other bases ?

'''Myschin :''' Can I tell you something ? I really don't like Tatsuta that much. If you want, I can teach her a lesson if she try anything against you.

'''Tenryuu :''' Eh ? But she's very sadistic and will not hesitate to intimidate you if you try to prevent her to approaching me...

'''Myschin, adjusting his glasses :''' Oh oh ? I would like to see that.

Tenryuu and Hatsushimo noticed some sort of an evil aura around the admiral.

'''Hatsushimo :''' What was that ?!

'''Myschin :''' Ah oops, a bad habit of me. I'm a planeswalker after all.

'''Tenryuu, Hatsushimo :''' Planeswhat ?

'''Myschin :''' I'll explain later. We still have another Recipe to open.

The third recipe opened.

'''[[Hatsuharu]] :''' We are Hatsuharu. We thank you in advance.

'''Hatsushimo :''' Elder sister !

'''Myschin :''' Eeeh, an upper-class personality ?

'''Hatsuharu :''' It's our style, does it bother you ?

'''Myschin :''' Actually, nope. Not at all. In fact, you even look like princess Luna from ''My Little Pony : Friendship is Magic''...

'''Hatsuharu :''' Wha-wha-wha-whaaat ? You compare us with a fictionnal characters who isn't human ?!

'''Myschin :''' It's a compliment you know ?

'''Hatsuharu :''' Mmmh, we think you are an odd admiral.

'''Myschin :''' Well, I just hope you will adapt yourself to your new life here.

'''Hatsushimo :''' Elder sister, let's have a little party to celebrate your arrival.

'''Myschin :''' Well that's all for today. I don't mind if you oversleep because I'm pretty sure that it will be my case.
==Omake (In french because... Meh !)==
'''Inazuma :''' Amiral, qu'est-ce que vous êtes en train de faire ?

'''Myschin :''' Mmh ? Je suis en train d'écrire le récit de notre base, pourquoi ?

'''Inazuma :''' Est-ce que je peux voir ?

'''Myschin :''' Bien sûr, fais-toi plaisir.

'''Inazuma :''' Hein ?! Amiral, pourquoi écrivez-vous en anglais ?!

'''Myschin :''' Je n'ai pas vraiment le choix, sinon les lecteurs ne pourront pas comprendre.

'''Inazuma :''' Et vous vous rendez compte que tout ce que vous avez écrit jusqu'à présent ne concerne que le premier jour de votre vraie prise de fonction ? Vous serez capable de tenir le rythme ?

'''Myschin :''' Cela ira mieux quand j'aurais moins de filles à introduire, ne t'en fais pas.
[[Category:Blog posts]]