Seems like my [https://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/User_blog:Mystia_Lore./How_to_gather_a_decent_amount_of_resources_in_a_short_period_of_time old guide] is obsolete since Phase 2 happened. This is mainly for '''''advanced players who have quite the stuff available''''' (Daihatsus, Kai 2 ships, World 5 Expeditions unlock), but newer players can still try to follow it.
==Requirements==
- Free Time (A lot if you use Browser Version) to check Expeditions. Android Version can help a lot if you want to quickly check from time to time

- All Expeditions unlock from 1 to 40 mainly, AX and BX are optionnal. Please refers to [[Expedition#/Introduction|this page]] if you want to know how to unlock some Expeditions

- [[Drum Canister]]s and [[Daihatsu Landing Craft]] (Normal, [[Daihatsu Landing Craft (Type 89 Medium Tank & Landing Force)|Type 89]] and [[Toku Daihatsu Landing Craft|Toku]] Variant)

- All Repair docks open and at least 1 Construction dock open

- Extra slots for more shipgirls (Can do without but it might be a problem for some 100-slotters)

- [[Daihatsu Landing Craft|Daihatsu-carrying]] ships. Mostly DDs, and some may require [[Medal|Blueprint]] or even [[Action Report]].
==Additional Infos==
- Reset Time in France (Current location) : UTC+1 (9 P.M.) from Late October to Late March / UTC+2 (10 P.M.) from Late March to Late October)

- No [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal|Akashi upgrades]] are performed at all

- No ranking or leveling are done. However, it's still possible to Rank in 7-1 and still be able to gain ressources (From a friend's experience in the subject) but it requires ever more good stuff so I won't develop more.
==Gathering resources==
"Why should I bother with Sparkling ships for Expedition 5 ?" > The basic requirements for Expedition 5 are 1CL 2DD 1XX (Wild card, usually a low-consuming ressource ship) or 1DD 3DE. If you just do it like that, you will gain 200 Fuel/Ammo and 20 Steel/Bauxite. Sparkle Ships will have a chance to trigger a '''''Great Success''''', who add an additional 50% bonus resources gain, which mean in Expedition 5's case '''300 Fuel/Ammo and 30 Steel/Bauxite'''. Doing 2 times Expedition 5 with sparkled ships is the same as doing it 3 times without sparkling (And we don't count the resupply costs here).

Great Success depends of the number of Sparkled ships you have in the Expedition fleet. Basically, if you have 4 ships sparkled (50 morale or more), the Great Success rate is 81%. With 6 ships it's 100%, so if you want to be sure to have a Great Success, you can add 2 sparkled wild cards to your fleet. Drum Expeditions work differently (Please refers to the [[Expedition#/Introduction|Expedition page]]).

[[Daihatsu Landing Craft|Daihatsus]] can provide another extra bonus gain. 1 basic Daihatsu can add another 5% bonus gain (Type 89 add 2%), up to 20% (The maximum value that can be added) more bonus, or even more with [[Toku Daihatsu Landing Craft|Toku Daihatsus]] and [[Kinu#Kai 2|Kinu Kai 2]] in the equation. Since I don't own them yet, I'll stick to the other Daihatsus variants. Basically, Expedition 5 without sparkle but with 20% bonus from Daihatsus result in '''240 Fuel/Ammo and 24 Steel/Bauxite'''.

You can stack Great Success Bonus AND Daihatsu Bonus in order to go from 200/200/20/20 gain to '''''360 Fuel/Ammo and 36 Steel/Bauxite''''', almost twice as going normally. 1CL 5DD is the best way around. If you really want to save even more ressources, use 3DE 3DD with Kamikaze-classes as DDs

However, you need to have ships that can carry Daihatsus. For news players, the earliest option is [[Chiyoda]] and [[Chitose]] in Seaplane Tender forms (AV), then later, you can grind [[Mutsuki#Kai Ni|Our Grand Nyashi Overlord]] and her [[Kisaragi#Kai Ni|Master of Teases]] sister up to level 65 in order to get some DDs that can carry Daihatsus. [[Satsuki]] (Lv75), [[Fumizuki]] (Lv77) and [[Tatsuta]] (Lv80) are also good candidates that don't require Blueprint or Action Report. Obtaining Daihatsus themselves depends on a lot of factors. If you started when [[Early Fall 2018 Event/E-1|Summer 2018]] was on, you could clear E1 Casual (Up to Medium) and get one of them. Some ships come with one on Kai 2 (Abukuma, Arare, Arashio, Kinu and Ooshio) but they requires a Blueprint too. A lot of quests can give them... Or you can try to LSC [[Akitsu Maru|AkitsuMaru]] but it consumes A LOT of resources, and that's not the objective here.

{{ShipBattleCardKai|Fumizuki}} '''''To be continued !'''''
[[Category:Blog posts]]