==An auspicious meeting==
'''Myschin :''' Welcome back, please report the situation.

'''[[Kako]] :''' We had to retreat because 2 Destroyers were serously damaged by the Nu-class Light Carriers, even if we managed to neutralize them without sinking them.

'''Myschin :''' I see...

'''[[Nagatsuki]], seriously damaged :''' Tchh ! They will pay for what they have done to us !

'''[[Yayoi]], seriously damaged :''' I'm not angry nor sad...

'''Myschin :''' It had to be expected I guess...

'''[[Inazuma]] :''' There is another problem-nanodesu. If we took the south path, we can ended meeting a battleship again instead of the boss's node.

'''Myschin :''' I think the real problem is our lack of experience and good equipment. Nagatsuki, Yayoi, please go take a rest in the repair docks.

'''Nagatsuki, Yayoi :''' Okay...

'''[[Ryuujou]] :''' Yeah, my planes aren't that good...

'''Myschin :''' Maybe you could use some of Kaga's planes ?

'''Ryuujou :''' Yeah, maybe at least for the Type 99 Dive Bomber.

'''[[Kaga]] :''' In that case, don't you want me to join the fleet ?

'''Myschin :''' It's too early for that I think.

'''Inazuma :''' We also brought back 3 new comrades in our attempts to get to the boss's node.

'''Myschin :''' Good, can you introduce yourselves, ladies ?

'''[[Ayanami]] :''' Nice to meet you. I'm Ayanami, a special class destroyer.

'''[[Samidare]] :''' My name is Samidare ! I look forward to working with you. Please leave any escort missions to me !

'''[[Oboro]] :''' I'm the Ayanami-class destroyer Oboro. I won't lose to anyone. Probably.

'''Myschin :''' Welcome in our naval base. I just want to let you live a peaceful life in this place. If you have questions, you can ask anyone here. Ayanami, you seems to be very polite actually.

'''Ayanami :''' Yes, because I'm a responsible elder sister. It's my duty to take care of my sisters.

'''Myschin :''' True, and you will be happy to learn that Shikinami & Ushio are already there.

'''Ayanami :''' It's a great new ! Thank you commander.

'''Oboro :''' Somehow, I'm happy to heard that Ushio is here. I will have to take of her... Maybe.

'''Myschin :''' Excuse me Oboro...

'''Oboro :''' Yes commander ?

'''Myschin :''' I feel that you really don't know how to make the right decisions.

'''Oboro :''' It's true... I think.

'''Myschin :''' And you're not sure about yourself too... Well, It's not really a problem.

'''Oboro :''' Are you sure ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes, it will get better with time. Just don't think too much about it. You can leave now, except you Samidare.

'''Samidare :''' Awawawa, did I already do something bad ?!

'''Myschin :''' No, don't worry, but somehow, I want to talk with you head to head.

'''Samidare :''' Eeeeh yes ?

'''Myschin :''' I think that if Inazuma wasn't among the starter ships, I probably would have chosen you instead.

'''Samidare :''' Why me ? I'm a clumsy girl you know ?

'''Myschin :''' I know but, you really try to do your best to surpass that clumsyness, it doesn't leave me indifferent... And there is the fact that many people forget that Suzukaze and you are also part of the Shiratsuyu-class.

'''Samidare :''' That, it's because our uniform is different.

'''Myschin :''' I promise I won't forget about your real class.

'''Samidare :''' Actually commander, is Suzukaze here by any chance ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes, she will very happy to take care of you.

'''Samidare :''' I'm relieved... Can I go meet her ?

'''Myschin :''' Of course. And Inazuma, can you come with me at the construction dock ?

'''Inazuma :''' What are you planning admiral-nanodesu ?

'''Myschin :''' I will try to build one more carrier, and if we fail, try crafting some equipments.

Then the admiral and Inazuma went to the construction dock while Samidare went to Suzukaze's room.

'''Myschin :''' OK, let's put the standard amount of resources for a carrier : 300 fuel, 30 ammo, 600 steel and 400 bauxite.

'''Inazuma :''' Will it be fine for our resource management ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes, don't worry. Between the regeneration cap that haven't been crossed yet, and the expeditions, il will be fine. So let's try it !

after pushing the button to start the construction, the timer displayed 2 hours 40 minutes.

'''Myschin :''' Look like it will be a Light Carrier. Instant Construction Material please !

And a few second after a round of flame-throwing, the Recipe opened up.

'''[[Shouhou]] : '''I'm the light aircraft carrier, Shouhou. Yes, I'm a little small, but please make a place for me on your fleet !

'''Myschin :''' Oooh good ! Welcome in our base Shouhou... Wait a second, you are a little small ? We are almost at the same size !

'''Shouhou :''' Ah sorry, it's an image, although we can grow a little when we are remodeled.

'''Myschin :''' And wait another second... If my research was correct, youy didn't shine that much in your previous life as a warship...

'''Shouhou :''' Yes it's true... That's why, if you make use of me, I'll surely get good results with time !

'''Myschin :''' ...

'''Shouhou :''' Admiral ?

'''Inazuma :''' Commander ? What's wrong ?

'''Myschin :''' I just realized something... You are Zuihou's sister right ?

'''Shouhou :''' My sister... Yes. Why ?

'''Myschin, start crying :''' I've missed the chance to build the carrier that I wanted the most.

'''Inazuma :''' Awawa, it's true !

'''Shouhou :''' Hey admiral...

'''Myschin :''' Yes ?

'''Shouhou :''' Please, make use of me, a lot. I want to be a proud big sister when Zuihou will come !

'''Myschin :''' You know what ? You are right ! You will become stronger and shine on the battlefield, and you will become a good big sister.

'''Shouhou, start crying :''' I'll do my best to not deceive you admiral, really thank you very much !

'''Myschin :''' Good, first you need some training. And then you will help us to defend the Nansei islands. You will team up will Ryuujou.
==Encounter with the enemy carrier==
'''Myschin :''' Ok Shouhou, you get some experience and we will run a recognition sortie in the fourth area now. The objective is to determinate if we can reach the boss's node in the first place. If you can't defeat them, don't worry, I won't be mad. I will also accompany you to observe the situation. I will not interfere, and you don't have to worry about anything regarding my safety, OK ?

'''[[Maya]], Kako, [[Sendai]], Inazuma, Ryuujou & Shouhou :''' Yes !

'''Myschin :''' Then let's go !

'''Compass Girls :''' Oh, the little admiral is here with his girls, how sweet of him !

'''Myschin :''' Your tongue is forked as always... Please spin the compass.

The needle stopped on the North-East's point.

'''Myschin :''' Great ! If things goes well, we can reach the boss's node !

They quickly defeated an enemy fleet who was led by a Ri-class Heavy Cruiser.

'''Myschin :''' Nobody took serious damage ?

'''Maya :''' Nothing but a small scratch here, all thanks to Ryuujou and Shouhou who sunk 2 of the 5 enemy ships with the aerial combat.

'''Sendai :''' Same here, nothing to worry about.

'''Inazuma :''' Ah look, is that a new comrade-nanodesu ?

The fleet approached a girl with pink hairs.

'''[[Tama]] : '''I'm the Light cruiser, Tama. I'm not a cat, meow.

'''Everyone :''' * She's TOTALLY a cat right ? *

'''Myschin :''' * Damn I want to tease her a little but it would be disrespectful toward her * Welcome in our fleet Tama. Actually, we are in the middle of a mission so... Stay back and don't interfere with the rest of the fleet please.

'''Tama :''' Meow-kay

'''Maya :''' * Damnit, I want to pat her so bad ! *

'''Sendai :''' * I'm losing my cool ! Why she acts like that ?! *

'''Compass girls :''' Look like the fleet picked up a stray cat on his way !

'''Myschin :''' Tama isn't a stray cat OK ?!

Before the compass girls realize it, Tama hissed and hit one of the little girls with her arm.

'''Compass girls :''' Ow ! How dare you ?!

'''Tama, seriously pissed :''' Never. Call. Me. Stray. Again !

'''Compass girls :''' FINE ! Then meet your demise now !

The needle of the compass pointed toward the South-East.

'''Myschin :''' Actually, I'm fine with that, because we can see now if we can survive a battle with other carriers before reaching the boss's node.

'''Shouhou :''' Enemy planes detected ! They approching our position at high speed.

'''Myschin :''' Then prepare to counter them ! Launch your planes, carriers !

'''Ryuujou, Shouhou :''' Yes admiral !

The two carrier launched their planes and an aerial began quickly after that. The planes somehow managed to wipe out some of the enemy aircrafts.

'''Ryuujou :''' We have managed to get the air superiority !

'''Sendai :''' Watch out of the torpedo bombers !

The enemy aircrafts managed to lock their torpedos on Kako and Ryuujou and they both took moderate damages !

'''Ryuujou :''' Oh no~ ! I'm in a too much of a pinch !

'''Kako :''' Youuu ! You perverted son of a bitch !

'''Myschin :''' Are you alright girls ?!

'''Ryuujou :''' I'm not in danger but I can't launch planes during the battle !

'''Shouhou :''' The enemy ships arrive !

'''Maya :''' Confirmation of the composition of the enemy fleet ! 2 Light carrier Nu-class, 1 Heavy cruiser Ri-class and 2 Destroyer Ro-class.

A fierce battle began during which Maya managed to heavy damage one of the Nu-class before he as the chance to launch his planes again, but the Ri-class also shoot at her and moderately damaged her.

'''Maya :''' Damnit, not again !

'''Shouhou :''' My turn !

Shouhou launched his planes, who quickly sunk the Ri-class. Inazuma and Sendai managed to sink the 2 enemy Destroyers, and the last Nu-class managed to inflict minor damages on Shouhou.

'''Shouhou : '''Ow ! How dare you !

At the end of the battle, the 2 enemy carriers retreated.

'''Myschin :''' Are you ok girls ?

'''Maya :''' Not really admiral. Ryuujou, Kako and I are moderately damaged, and Shouhou is slightly damaged.

'''Myschin :''' That's not good to heard.

'''Kako :''' We are fine admiral, we can advance to the next node, which is the boss's lair right ?

'''Myschin :''' Are you sure ? Nobody feel they can sink now ?

'''Ryuujou :''' Nope, none of us is heavily damaged so it's fine.

'''Myschin :''' Agreed. Then advance fleet.

'''Sendai :''' Wait a second, look like there is another new comrade here.

It was another pink-haired girl.

'''[[Shiranui]] :''' I'm Shiranui. I look forward to your guidance and encouragement.

'''Everyone :''' * Wah, a cold-looking girl, the exact opposite of Tama ! *

'''Myschin :''' Hello miss Shiranui. As the admiral here, I advise you to forget the military formalities. You arrive in an embarrassing moment...

'''Shiranui, pokerface : '''What is it... did I make a mistake ?

'''Myschin :''' No, but we are not in our greatest condition. This battle was intense actually.

'''Shiranui :''' You actually lack a lot of training.

'''Maya :''' Watch your mouth, you little...

'''Myschin :''' Stop Maya, it's not time to fight each other.

'''Maya :''' But admiral, she is harsh with all of us.

'''Myschin :''' We only intended to do a recognition mission because, of course, we are lacking some training.

'''Shiranui :''' Oh ? An admiral who admits his mistakes ? It's rare nowadays.

'''Myschin :''' I have to say that you are too strict.

'''Shiranui, cold looking :''' Is that so ? We are in war you know ? There is no place for good feelings and...

Shiranui suddenly stopped to talk.

'''Myschin :''' Hm ? Shiranui ? Are you alright ? Hey ! You're blushing !

'''Tama :''' Why are you staring at me like that-nya ?

'''Shiranui :''' Must... Pat... Her !

Shiranui quickly reached Tama's position and started to pat her head.

'''Shiranui, smiling :''' Good kitty, good kitty...

'''Tama :''' Nya...

'''Everyone else :''' ...

'''Maya :''' The hell is wrong with her ?!

'''Kako :''' She has a split personality or what ?

'''Sendai :''' Heeey, she's not that cold actually.

'''Inazuma :''' Maybe she likes cute things and can't control herself-nanodesu...

'''Ryuujou :''' Eeeh, didn't saw that coming to be honest.

'''Shouhou :''' His smile is beautiful...

Then Shiranui realized that everyone was looking at her with a touching look.

'''Shiranui, turning red :''' ... ... ... ... ...

'''Myschin :''' It's okay, don't say or try anything to kill all of us now.

'''Shiranui, collapsing :''' Auu...

'''Myschin :''' Well, we will deal with that later. Tama, please carry her.

'''Tama :''' Meow-kay.

'''Myschin :''' Let's advance and see what await us.

The fleet soon arrive at the boss's node.

'''[[Standard Carrier Wo-Class|Wo-class Aircraft Carrier]] :''' Oh lookie lookie, WO is that ? A damaged fleet of Shipgirls ! Let's sink them ! Planes, go !

'''Ryuujou :''' Not so fast ! Even if I'm moderately damaged, I can still launch my planes for the opening !

Ryuujou and Shouhou's planes engaged a fight with the enemys launched by Wo-class and Nu-class.

'''Wo-Class :''' Air parity hu ? Damn I wish I had bring more powerful planes !

The abyssals aircrafts managed to heavily damage Ryuujou and Kako.

'''Wo-Class :''' Yesss ! Eat that you disgusting shipgirls !

'''Myschin :''' Look at your own allies before getting excited.

'''Wo-Class :''' Hah ?

Shouhou and Ryuujou managed to sink a Ni-class Destroyer and the He-class Light Cruiser.

'''Wo-class :''' Damn you ! Go sink them Ri-class !

'''Maya :''' Do you really think that I will let you do as you want ?

The Heavy cruiser managed to heavily damage the Nu-class Light Cruiser.

'''Maya :''' How about that ?

In response, the Ri-class heavily damaged Maya as well, then Kako, Shouhou and Sendai wounded Wo-class, but not enough to even slightly damage her.

'''Wo-class :''' Well done, well done... Now I'm going to freakin' KILL YOU !

Wo-class launched her planes right on Inazuma but the Destroyer managed to avoid them.

'''Inazuma :''' You... I don't like you-nanodesu !

Inazuma manged to aim at Wo-class but the other Ni-class stepped between them and took the hit for the abyssal carrier, and the Nu-class managed to moderately damage Inazuma after that.

'''Sendai :''' Now what ? Only Inazuma and I can still fight now...

'''Myschin :''' Let's do our best ! It's Yasen time !

'''Sendai :''' Awww yeah !

'''Myschin :''' I'm counting on you Sendai !

'''Sendai :''' I will not disappoint you admiral !

'''Wo-class :''' Do it Ri-class ! Sink this Light Crusier !

But Sendai was fast enough to hit Wo-class very hard. Not enough to sink her, but enough to take her ashore. Ri-class managed to heavily damaged her, and Inazuma, in a last attempt to show her serious side, managed to sink the Nu-class Light Carrier.

'''Mysterious voice :''' Congratulations, you have won that battle with a A-Rank victory.

'''Myschin :''' Yeees ! You did it girls ! I'm so proud of you !

'''Kako :''' We can't fight anymore...

'''Myschin :''' You need a rest and you will have it as soon as we will return home.

Then a shy girl tried to engage the conversation

'''[[Isonami]] :''' U-um... my name is Isonami. Pleased to meet you.

'''Myschin :''' Oh... Pleased to meet you too Isonami. Come with us, we have nothing to do here anymore.

While the fleet returned to the naval base, the Ri-class took Wo-class with her and went to Ru-class's node in the south.

'''Ri-class :''' Bad new, we lost...

'''Ru-class :''' So we lost control in that area hu... Guess ours leaders will not be too happy about that. Let's return to our base from now. This admiral will soon encounter some of our Elites forces !

==The unwanted arrival !==
'''Myschin :''' I hope you will enjoy your new life in this base Isonami

'''Isonami :''' Thank you admiral, I'll do my best... Sorry if I can't speak that much, I'm still shy...

'''Myschin :''' It's not a problem at all. Just be yourself and all will be good.

'''Isonami :''' Okay.

Isonami leave the office.

'''Myschin :''' It's your turn now Shiranui...

'''Shiranui :''' I made a mistake ! I made a mistake ! I must kill myself now !

'''Myschin :''' Rejected !

'''Shiranui :''' My cold attitude ! I can't be myself if everybody know that weakness of me !

'''Myschin :''' I see no problem with that in my case.

'''Shiranui :''' But... But...

Kuroshio entered in the office.

'''[[Kuroshio]] :''' Ya can't deny ya true nature Shiranui ! Admiral, there is only one way to stop this mess with my sister.

'''Myschin :''' Which is ?

'''Kuroshio :''' Find our beloved elder sister Kagerou.

'''Myschin :''' Eh ? But that kind of things can took a long time, even with some "common" Destroyers that we met severals times since the beginning.

'''Kuroshio :''' She will come soon or later, but the sooner our sister will come, the better it will be for Shiranui's sake.

'''Myschin :''' Mmh okay, bring her in your room, I'll ensure that nobody will laugh at this, even if several of us already know the thruth... I'm still impressed by the fact that we can now advance to a whole new area... I'm a little excited about that. Let's check our quests.

The admiral turned the TV screen on.

'''Myschin :''' Hello Ooyodo, I would like to check the progress of our quests.

'''Ooyodo :''' Actually, you managed to sink one enemy carrier and the Headquarters will assign a new shipgirl to your base.

'''Myschin :''' Oh ? I hope it's not someone like Tatsuta...

'''Ooyodo :''' Fear not, it's actually a very rare ship !

Maya, Kako and Ryuujou were taking a good rest the reparations docks, when suddenly they heard a loud scream.

'''Maya :''' The heck was that ?

'''Ryuujou :''' It was a despair cry or it's just me ?

Kako was still sleeping.

'''Shouhou :''' It was the admiral right ?

'''Inazuma :''' What can make the admiral scream like that-nanodesu ?!

In the office.

'''Myschin :''' Nononono please Ooyodo ! Not now ! I want to save ours resources ! I rather want another Tatsuta instead of her !

'''Ooyodo :''' Admiral, I already told you, you can't refuse a assignment done by the Headquarters !

'''Myschin :''' Why the Headquarters are so mean with me ?!

'''Ooyodo :''' It's because you have some unique tastes admiral, most of the others admirals likes that girl and count on her.

A few seconds later, someone knocked on the office's door and a stomach growl was heard.

'''Myschin :''' Already here ?! That's too fast !

'''??? :''' Is someone here ? I'm the newly assigned shipgirl !

'''Myschin :''' ... Come in...

The door opened and revealed... Akagi.

'''[[Akagi]] :''' I'm the aircraft carrier Akagi. If you're forming a carrier division, just leave it to me.

'''Myschin, irritated :''' Urks, welcome.

'''Akagi, smiling :''' Oh ? Are you mad perhaps ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes I am !

'''Akagi :''' Why ? * Stomach growl * Oops, I'm a little hungry now. Do you have some snacks here ?

'''Myschin :''' That's why I didn't want you to come here this earlier, you vaccum cleaner.

'''Akagi :''' My my, don't flatter me like that please♥. Now give me some bauxite~

'''Myschin :''' Like hell ! Looks like I have to give you the same treatment that I gave to Tatsuta...

Suddenly, more shipgirls entered in the office.

'''Inazuma :''' Wait-nanodesu ! Don't do that admiral please !

'''Kaga, pokerface :''' I'm against it too !

'''Myschin :''' Ah...

'''Inazuma, starting to cry :''' Please admiral, I beg of you-nanodesu...

'''Myschin :''' But Inazuma...

'''Kaga :''' Leave it to me !

'''Myschin, Inazuma :''' Eh ?

'''Kaga :''' I'll take care of her. I'll give her everything she wants.

'''Myschin :''' How are you gonna do that ?

'''Kaga :''' I've recorded a new song that will be released in a few days. The Headquarters asked me personally to create a song, and they were very enthusiastic after hearing it. So they gave me an acess to an almost unlimited amount of food in compensation.

Akagi was drooling while Myschin & Inazuma remain speechless.

'''Myschin :''' Erm... Sure Kaga, do as you wish then, as long as I don't see her around the resources storage, it will be fine I guess.

'''Kaga, pokerface :''' Thank you very much admiral. Now, come with me Akagi-chan...

'''Akagi :''' Yes♥

'''Myschin :''' Did she just called her "Akagi-chan" ?

'''Inazuma :''' I've heard the same thing-nanodesu...

'''Myschin :''' I wonder if it will really be OK...
==Interlude==
Naka randomly roamed on the Internet...

'''Naka :''' Oyyy ! This story didn't get any serious upload since a long time ! Is the author dead, lazy or something ? Let's send him a PM !

A few minutes later, the Light cruiser received a response.

'''Naka :''' Let's see... "Sorry, I farmed the Winter Event like crazy and now I have to train 35 dupes for their equipments and I don't count the newly assigned shipgirls into that number. I'm really busy and... WAIT A MINUTE ! Naka is that you ?! I already told you to do not break that damn wall !" Ohoh, don't underestimate an idol's hidden power !

==Another case of broken compass==

Later in the day.

'''Myschin :''' I know it's our first steps in that new area, but still. How many attempt did you do until now girls ?

'''Inazuma :''' It's the 8th time already-nanodesu...

'''Myschin :''' The compass in Cam Ranh Peninsula is even more broken than in the Coastal Refinery Zone, even if we use Light Carriers :/.

'''Maya :''' Honestly, if we can have a battleship in our fleet, it will be much easier to deal with the abyssals fleets.

'''Myschin :''' I understand perfectly the situation, let's try a construction now. Come with me Maya.

'''Maya :''' Alright !

'''Myschin :''' Let's put the regular amount of resources for a Battleship and let's see what will happen...

The timer displayed 1 hour and 25 minutes.

'''Myschin and Maya, together :''' Aww crap...

'''Myschin :''' Let's use an Instant Construction Flamethrower...

The recipe opened and revealed Choukai.

'''[[Choukai]] :''' I am Choukai. My best regards.

'''Maya :''' Wha... Choukai-nee ! What a surprise !

'''Choukai :''' Hu ? Who are you ?

'''Maya :''' Hey, no jokes please...

'''Myschin :''' Wait, why are you staring at us like that ?!

'''Maya :''' Ah, right. Hey Choukai-nee, your glasses are on your head, not on your nose, put them back !

'''Choukai, adjusting her glasses :''' Eh ? Ah... Waaaah, I'm really sorry !

'''Myschin :''' Sorry for what ?

'''Choukai :''' Staring at you like that. I'm clumsly when I don't have my glasses on my nose...

'''Myschin :''' Fear not, I'm also wearing glasses and the same thing can happen to me sometimes. Anyway, welcome in our base Choukai. Maya will teach you all you need to know about how we work here.

'''Choukai :''' I'll do my best to learn !

-----

After the next sortie in Cam Ranh Peninsula.

'''Myschin :''' Another failure ?

'''Shouhou :''' Yes, we are really sorry admiral...

'''Myschin :''' It's alright, I guess we will not reach the boss's node until a certain time. So, I won't get mad if the compass troll us for the next few days... But I can see that you managed to find 2 new... Heavy Cruisers in the same sortie ?!

'''[[Myoukou]] :''' Hello. I am Myoukou, of the Myoukou-class Heavy Cruisers. Let us work on this together.

'''[[Nachi]] :''' You are my commander? I'm Nachi. I appreciate your contribution.

'''Myschin :''' Well... Welcome in our base ladies. Let me just warn you that I don't like that much the strictness of the military discipline.

'''Nachi :''' I see, it explain why you only wear an admiral's cap on your head ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes, and a certain number of shipgirls here are just enjoying their life as almost normal girls here. Yes I know, it's war and everything, and there will be soon a major operation but still, please take it easy. Despite my lack of serious attitude, I can lead this base correctly.

'''Nachi :''' Mmmh, okay. We will see about that... Right Myoukou ?

'''Myoukou :''' Ah... I can't take it easy just like that.

'''Myschin :''' Can I ask why ?

'''Myoukou :''' When I'm not under some war pressure, I lost my concentratio and if someone surprise me... I take heavy damage easily you know ?

'''Myschin :''' ... Wait a second, aren't you the shipgirl who has a rather known [http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/kancolle/images/b/b4/CA_Myoukou_062_Full_Damaged.png damaged pose] ?

'''Myoukou :''' So you know about that ?

'''Myschin :''' I've seen it in some other admiral's bases... Well, we will deal with that later. You can dismiss now.

The 2 Heavy cruisers left the office, and the admiral was lost in thoughts.

'''Inazuma :''' Are you alright-nanodesu ? Something bother you ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes, the arrival of Myoukou and Nachi reminds me that I want to look for Ashigara too.

'''Shouhou :''' The hungry wolf ? Isn't she a little too hotblooded ?

'''Myschin :''' Well, I observed some time ago the log of a [http://danbooru.donmai.us/pools/7512 non-human admiral] whose Ashigara was a great addition to his fleet...

'''Maya :''' And a hell of a dense girl when it come to revealing his feelings for her lover.

'''Myschin :''' Oh, but besides Suna who will not stay for much longer, there is no other man in this base, right ?

'''Shouhou :''' That's true.

Later in the day, the fleet tried to go to Cam Ranh Peninsula again and again.

'''Nagatsuki :''' It's useless ! No matter who is the flagship, nor who is in the fleet. We can't reach the boss's node !

'''Myschin :''' There is one thing we didn't tried so far, but I will only use it if we can't reach that area after 30 or more try...

'''Yayoi :''' Wait, aren't we close to that number ?

'''Myschin :''' I don't think so but please, take a rest for now and let the news girls found during those sorties introduce themselves.

The first girl was a twin-tailed brown-haired girl with a ladykiller aura.

'''[[Kagerou]] :''' We've finally met ! I'm Kagerou. Treat me well !

'''Myschin :''' Waaah, it took less time than I expected to found you. It's a great news for Shiranui them...

'''Kagerou :''' Ohoh... Shiranui is already here ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes, and so is Kuroshio.

'''Kagerou, sparkling :''' Humhum yeees... I will take care of my cute little sisters's sake, don't worry about that ! Expect great things from me !

'''Myschin :''' * That's why I'm not reassured about your attitude, just to say * Well, you can go find them now. Next please.

'''[[Kikuzuki]] :''' I'm Kikuzuki, let's move out together.

'''Myschin :''' ...

'''Kikuzuki :''' W-what ?

'''Myschin :''' Can I say that I think you are a very pretty girl ?

'''Kikuzuki :''' Is... Is that so ?

'''Myschin :''' Ah, maybe you are a silent-type of girl ?

'''Kikuzuki :''' I don't like being in the center of attention.

'''Myschin :''' It's ok, don't worry about that. A lot of your sisters are already here, they will take care of you.

'''Kikuzuki :''' Thank you... Very much.

Kizuki left quickly the office.

'''Inazuma :''' I can feel that she is not at ease here-nanodesu...

'''Myschin :''' I hope she will adapt well to this new life here. But if she thinks that she is all alone, then I will prove her that she's wrong... While I'm thinking about this, I hope I will soon met Shiratsuyu and Mochizuki ! Who is our next girl now ?

'''[[Furutaka]] :''' I'm Furutaka. I'll be happy to show how all the good points of heavy cruisers.

'''Myschin :''' Oh ? But I have already see a lot of good points from them.

'''Furutaka :''' Eh ?! Hmmm... Ah...

'''Myschin :''' Oops, I'm really sorry if I confused you. Please don't worry too much.

'''Furutaka :''' You seem to be a kind admiral.

'''Myschin :''' Let's say that I want to let everyone here have a peaceful life, but taking care of all of you could be hard sometimes. I apologie in advance if I don't count on you earlier on in the future.

'''Furutaka :''' It will be okay, if Kako is here...

'''Myschin :''' Yes, she is.

'''Furutaka, blushing :''' I'm... Happy... To heard this.

'''Myschin :''' ... You can go now. And our last newly assigned girl is...

'''[[Akebono]] :''' Special-type destroyer, Akebono. Hey ! Don't look at me like that !

'''Myschin :''' My apologies.

'''Akebono :''' I really can't say that you are a shitty admiral in front of the others and... I really feel you aren't one for now...

'''Myschin :''' Thank you I guess ?

'''Akebono :''' Well, it's just because you are normal for my first impression. I REALLY hope that you are not one of thoses damn perverts or that you will abuse me later.

'''Myschin :''' Abuse in the feel way ? Please don't worry about that, I'm not in that kind of bullying. I just want you to take it easy from now.

'''Akebono :''' Is that so ? Then can I ask for a request ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes ?

'''Akebono :''' I really, really don't like to fight on the battlefield. If possible, I would like to be useful in another way.

'''Myschin :''' I take note. You can now go find your sisters. We only miss Sazanami so far.

==The first Extra Operation begin==

In the admiral's office after the dailies constructions.

'''Myschin :''' Do I have to say that I really need a Battleship now ? Any of them will be great.

'''Inazuma :''' But you can't fight the randomness of the Constructions-nanodesu

'''Myschin :''' Look at the bright side, we met a new pair of Heavy cruisers.

'''[[Atago]] :''' I'm Atago, Admiral, please remember it, okay ?

'''[[Takao]] :''' Good morning. I'm Takao. It's great that you look like an excellent Admiral.

'''Myschin :''' ... It's the evening...

'''Takao :''' Oh my, I'm sorry admiral.

'''Inazuma :''' ...

'''Myschin :''' Damn, we managed to get the 3 missing Takao-class Heavy cruisers in 1 day, and all of them with constructions... Our resources aren't crying but damn.

'''Atago :''' Oh please admiral, we are as useful as the battleships.

'''Myschin :''' Really ? In battle capacity ?

'''Atago :''' Yes~

'''Myschin :''' But can you trigger a second shelling phase in battle ?

'''Atago, sighing :''' ... Ah. I can't do that.

'''Inazuma :''' ...

The admiral noticed that Inazuma was looking at Atago & Takao with envious eyes.

'''Myschin :''' Are you OK Inazuma ?

'''Inazuma :''' Eh ?! Ah... Hmmm...

'''Atago, holding her chest with his arms :''' Oh my, do you want to touch my chest maybe ?

'''Myschin :''' Hey, please stop that.

'''Atago :''' Why ?

'''Myschin :''' You will only make Inazuma more jealous. You have some... Curves, that is nice for you, but please don't use them to make the others jealous. You do have some others attractives points no ?

'''Takao :''' Like what ?

'''Myschin :''' I don't know, maybe your personality or hobbies ?

'''Atago :''' You don't want to be teased a little admiral ?

'''Myschin :''' Nope, I don't want some now.

The admiral began to hug Inazuma from behind

'''Myschin :''' Or maybe I just want to take care of someone for who I really care for now.

'''Inazuma, blushing :''' Awawawa...

'''Takao :''' How cute... But shouldn't you get back to work ?

'''Myschin :''' We have time, it's not like we want return into the Cam Ranh Peninsula now. Go ask Maya for it, the answer will be pretty funny.

'''Atago, Takao :''' OK.

The 2 Heavy cruisers left the office, leaving the admiral and Inazuma alone.

'''Inazuma :''' Admiral... Next time, please tell me first that you will do something like that-nanodesu...

'''Myschin :''' Yes, I'm sorry. But please, don't feel jealous because some other shipgirls may have more curves than you. I like you the way you currently are and it's the most important.

'''Inazuma :''' Really-nanodesu ?

'''Myschin :''' Remember all the shipgirls I want to meet the most ? Harusame, Zuihou, Kiyoshimo... Even the Destroyer Hime don't have any curve at all.

'''Inazuma :''' Ah, that's true.

'''Myschin :''' Do you feel better now ?

'''Inazuma :''' Yes-nanodesu.

'''Myschin :''' Good ! Now I was thinking of something. I suppose most of the girls here have enough to go into Cam Ranh Peninsula and fail everytime.

'''Inazuma :''' Yes.

'''Myschin :''' How about trying the Extra Operation in Adjacent Seas of the naval base ?

'''Inazuma :''' Eh ? Are you sure ?

'''Myschin :''' It cost nothing to try in the first place.

-----

Several minutes later.

'''Myschin :''' So, I've learnt that we need 4 ships in the fleet in order to reach the boss's node.

'''Inazuma :''' Yes.

'''Myschin :''' And all of you have a decent level and even remodeled, don't you ?

'''[[Ikazuchi]] :''' It's true !

Myschin : And you're never sortie together as far as I can remember.

'''[[Hibiki]] :''' Correct.

'''Myschin :''' Now this is a perfect opportunity. 6th Destroyer Division, are you ready to sortie ?

'''[[Akatsuki]] :''' Yes but... Do you really think we are ready ?

'''Myschin :''' It's just a try to see what will happen, don't worry if you fail.

Several minutes later, on the way to the first node of Adjacent Seas of the naval base

'''Akatsuki :''' My sisters, I fear that our commander forget something important...

'''Hibiki, Ikazuchi, Inazuma :''' Eh ?

'''Myschin, through microphone :''' What ? But...

'''Akatsuki :''' Don't worry, we still can fight, but not in an optimistic way.

'''Myschin :''' Why ?

'''Akatsuki :''' Look, there is it. Our first battle.

'''Inazuma :''' But I see nothing here...

'''Hibiki :''' AH ! Underwater ! Submarine detected !

'''Myschin :''' ... Damn, I totally forgot about them.

Akatsuki threw a depth charge where the submarine was supposed to be.

'''Akatsuki :''' Yaa !

The depth charge exploded, revealing a new type of abyssal vessel : the Ka-class Submarine.

'''Akatsuki :''' See ? She probably expected us to fail to sink her before she attack us.

'''Myschin :''' But Akatsuki, you still have some Anti-submarine weapons...

'''Akatsuki :''' Yes, but it's a basic non-useful weapon at all. You will need to craft some ASW stuff in the future commander.

'''Myschin :''' Ah yes, true enough... But please continue the mission. As long as we can advance, it will be ok...

Suddenly, a loud voice was heard.

'''??? :''' WAIT A MINUTE !

'''Inazuma :''' Awa ?!

The 6th DesDiv saw a white-haired girl holding a kind of spear who was looking at them.

'''Inazuma :''' Murakumo-chan ?!

'''[[Murakumo]] :''' HEY ! Don't call me like that when we are in the middle of nothing... Where is the commander anyway ?

'''Myschin, through microphone :''' Still at the naval base, I'm sorry.

'''Murakumo :''' Hmmm, I hope you will try your hardest !

'''Myschin :''' * A high-spirited personality... I'm fine with this *

'''Inazuma :''' Since we found you in the middle of a mission, you can't fight with us-nanodesu.

'''Murakumo :''' Wait ! Are you really in a mission now ? You know that this area is infested with enemy submarines ? Why don't you have any decent ASW equipment on you ?!

'''Hibiki :''' Yes and yes, but our commander didn't crafted any ASW equipment so far.

'''Murakumo :''' I'm gonna hit him when we will return to the naval base !

'''Myschin :''' Hey !

'''Inazuma :''' * Is everything will be okay ? I'm a little worried now-nanodesu... *

While the fleet went on his way through the area, they only encountered some quiet Ka-class and one Yo-Class submarine.

'''Ikazuchi :''' Hehe, this mission was easy in the end.

'''Hibiki :''' We still on it, don't lower your guard. We will arrive in the boss's node.

'''Ikazuchi :''' All thanks to Murakumo who convinced the Compass girls !

'''Murakumo :''' SHUT UP ! Speak another time about that and I'll freakin' kill you !

'''Inazuma :''' * Definitively that kind of character... I worried for nothing-nanodesu... *

'''Myschin :''' Hey, is that why the microphone was cut and I've heard nothing for a moment ?

'''Murakumo :''' Raaah !! Don't ask you dumbass !

'''Myschin :''' ...

'''Akatsuki :''' Erm, we arrived at the boss's node.

'''Hibiki :''' Torpedo incoming !

But Ikazuchi was severely hit.

'''Ikazuchi :''' What, already ! Ikazuchi will still be okay !

'''Akatsuki :''' Don't panic ! This is it, the enemy's flagship. We must sink it !

'''Ikazuchi :''' Easy to say, it's hard to aim in my current situation !

Several Depth charges were threw in the water and 2 submarines were sunk.

'''Inazuma :''' I'll show everyone Inazuma's serious side ! Yaa !

Inazuma threw her depth charge with force in the water, and it exploded right in the face of a red-glowing Ka-class Submarine, who sunk quickly after that.

'''Hibiki :''' An Elite abyssal vessel ? It has to be expected...

'''Myschin :''' Wait ! Does it mean that we already clear that map in our first try and without any ASW equipment ?

'''Hibiki :''' Yes and no commander. The Sunken Ka-class Elite will return as soon as we leave this node. We need to sink it several times in order to clear the map.

'''Myschin :''' I see.

'''Inazuma :''' We also have met a new comrade as well.

'''Myschin :''' Come back, she will present herself when you return.

==Operation Decoration==

'''[[Chitose]] :''' I'm Chitose. I'm the the first Japanese seaplane tender. Nice to meet you !

'''Myschin :''' Welcome in our base Chitose...

'''Chitose :''' Something bother you admiral ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes, I'm worried about you.

'''Chitose :''' Why ?

'''Myschin :''' You see, Chiyoda is already here, but she was so crazy that we had to take the decision to give her a clone of you in order to calm her.

'''Chitose :''' What do you mean by a clone of me ?

'''Myschin :''' I'm a planeswalker and I have the ability to summon various creatures with cards. I summoned a Clone who took your form in order to satisfy Chiyoda.

'''Chitose :''' Ahahah, I totally understand. My sister is hard to handle when I'm not around, but don't worry, I know her too well. I'm not in danger.

'''Myschin :''' Will it be okay ?

'''Chitose :''' Yes, as long as I can drink sometimes, it will be okay.

'''Myschin :''' Drink alcoholic beverages ?

'''Chitose :''' Erm, yes...

'''Myschin :''' I don't mind it at one condition. Please don't force someone else to drink if she don't want to in the first place.

'''Chitose :''' Wow, really ? I'm often drunk when I start... Ah.

'''Myschin :''' ... Before I took assigment here, I have met at least 2 people who could drink so much that you can't even have a chance to stand against them.

'''Chitose :''' Okay, I'll do my best to not deceive you.

Chitose left the office, leaving Murakumo face to face with the admiral and Inazuma.

'''Myschin :''' So little miss, I heard you wanted to hit me ?

'''Murakumo, blushing :''' Yes... I mean NO ! Aaah !

'''Myschin :''' Why don't you introduce yourself in the first place ?

'''Murakumo :''' I'm the Special type destroyer, fifth ship Murakumo.

'''Myschin :''' Great. What do you really think about me now you can see my face ?

'''Murakumo :''' What are you trying to do, you idiot ?!

'''Inazuma :''' Calm down Murakumo-chan, it's not a trap or anything similar.

'''Murakumo, blushing :''' DON'T CALL ME MURAKUMO-CHAN LIKE THAT PLEASE !

'''Myschin :''' Ah...

'''Murakumo, blushing even more so that vapor start to rise from her body :''' Auuuu...

'''Myschin :''' OK, just listen to me and I'll not bother you for the rest of the day. First, 4 of your sisters are already there. They will explain how this base work. Second, I just want to tell that you are the third in my picking choice for a starter ship. Third... I forgot and I can see you don't evn listen... Inazuma, bring her to her sisters.

'''Inazuma :''' Yes-nanodesu.

'''Myschin :''' By the way Inazuma, you know her well I guess ?

'''Inazuma :''' We are fellow starter ships after all.

'''Myschin :''' Well, a tsundere is fine too. It will make the base more lively.

-----

Myschin was playing his 3DS in his office.

'''Suna :''' So, in 2 days I will leave this place to return home and you will accompany me because you personally wanted to take me back. That's great and all.

'''Myschin :''' Yeah, I will have to leave the base for 2 days. I hope the girls will be fine by themselves...

'''Suna, irritated :''' Say Myschin, don't you think that something is missing here ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes, I still don't have any battleship...

'''Suna :''' NO ! I'm talking about your office !

'''Myschin :''' Eh ?

'''Suna :''' Look around you ! You don't even have a desk ! Why did you still use those cardboards ?!

'''Myschin :''' Well, I like them. It brings a personal touch.

'''Suna, sighing :''' I can't believe that. You are playing on your 3DS while lying on the ground !

'''Myschin :''' I didn't bring yet all of my gaming stuff.

'''Suna :''' Come on, take your furniture coins in the furnitures boxes and buy some now !

'''Myschin :''' Come on dude, it can't wait a little longer ? I'm in the middle of a hard Level in Donkey Kong Country Return.

'''Suna, pissed :''' JUST. DO. IT. NOW !

'''Myschin :''' Whoah okay okay !

The admiral turned on the TV Screen.

'''Myschin :''' Where is it ? Akashi's channel maybe ?

'''Suna :''' Nope, another one.

They finally found the right channel.

'''Myschin :''' Let's see... I don't have that much furniture coins...

'''Suna :''' Some furnitures are nice while being cheap ! Look at this admiral desk !

'''Myschin :''' Eeeh, nice. I'll order one now.

'''Suna :''' Pick one chest too.

'''Myschin :''' ... This Sideboard will be nice. Adding to the cart ! For the floor... This blue carpet. And for the hanging object... This flower ornament.

'''Suna :''' Good ! Now your office will look like a real office a little more.

'''Myschin :''' If you say so...

'''Suna :''' Don't worry, you will become an addict of decorations sooner or later.

==Meet the Demon God==

The next day, in the admiral's office.

'''Myschin :''' ... Did we finally reached this cap ?

'''Maya, slightly damaged :''' Yeah admiral... It's our 30th attempt in Cam Ranh Peninsula and we STILL haven't reached the boss's node yet once.

'''Myschin :''' Yes... Now... Now I will use our trump card. Maya, go take a bath and when you will be all OK again, I'll change the composition of the fleet.

-----

'''Myschin :''' Now I don't care what will happen from now on. I want to advance to the next areas where we can easily find a battleship. And for that I will send our best forces in the Cam Ranh Peninsula ! You have the permission to crush the enemy force ! Even the Compass Girls if you can !

'''Kaga, pokerface :''' My, this is my first sortie with the fleet right ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes, Ryuujou and Shouhou will help you, same for Kako, Maya and Sendai. Girls, I ask you only one thing from now : bring us a victory in that damn boss node !

'''All of the girls, minus Kaga :''' Yeah !

'''Inazuma :''' You seem determined-nanodesu.

'''Myschin :''' Of course I am, we can't stay forever in this area. With our resources, we can try several times without thinking of the management.

-----

During the sortie.

'''Sendai :''' Admiral, we are in the D node and we now wait your order for spin the compass.

'''Myschin :''' Did any of you tried to bully the Compass Girls ?

'''Kaga :''' I did.

'''Compass Girls :''' We swear that you will get rekt so hard if you reach the boss node !!

'''Kaga :''' Oh my, do I need to launch an arrow on you again ?

'''Compass Girls :''' Kuh, no ! FINE !

'''Myschin :''' Spin that compass already !

And the needle pointed the North-West.

'''Kaga, pokerface :''' Oh my, no need to thank me admiral.

'''Ryuujou :''' If we are in a dream, please don't wake me !

'''Shouhou :''' We... We are not in a dream right ?

'''Maya :''' HELL YEAH !

'''Kako, sleeping while standing :''' * zzz *

'''Sendai :''' Let's crush them !

'''Myschin :''' good luck girls !

Then the fleet headed toward the boss's node.

'''Sendai :''' Damn, what's that pressure ? It's even heavier than the time when we reached the boss's node in the Coastal Refinery Zone.

'''Myschin :''' Again ?

'''Kaga :''' There is a problem here. I don't see any enemy at all... Wait, I have something.

Kaga didn't say anything more.

'''Maya :''' Oy Kaga, what did you saw ?

'''Kaga :''' The whole enemy fleet... Is already sunk.

'''Sendai :''' Hu ?! How is that even possible ?!

Suddenly the Compass Girls appeared out of nowhere.

'''Compass Girls :''' There was a reason if we didn't send you in this node earlier !

'''???? :''' Fufufufu... So... She isn't here for this countlessth time eh ? How unfortunate. Fufufufu... AHAHAHAHAH !

Kako, who was on the verge of sleeping again, woke up quickly. Shouhou and Ryuujou started to tremble with fear.

'''Myschin :''' Girls ? What's going on ? Girls ?!

'''Sendai :''' A... Admiral... Tell me, you sent some of your evil creatures in the area right ?

'''Myschin :''' What ?! But no ! Anyone, tell me what's going on !

'''Maya :''' The enemys... Are already sunk and we didn't do anything yet. The Ru-class, 2 Wo-class, a Ri-class and 2 Ha-class are... dead ?

'''Ryuujou :''' ADMIRAL ! THERE IS A EVIL PRESENCE THERE ! I'M SCARED !!

'''Shouhou :''' Me too !

'''???? :''' Hu ? There are another people here ? Fufufufu... How foolish !

'''Kako :''' Someone here has to do something !

'''Maya :''' O... Okay ! I'll do something.

Maya's legs were shacking.

'''Maya :''' If... If you are a shipgirl... T-Then come ! I'm ready !

'''???? :''' Fufufufu... So, you are shipgirls and not abyssals ? It's okay, I won't kill you.

'''Sendai, panting :''' We... We can trust you ?

'''???? :''' Yessss... Because I'm a shipgirl too...

Then the shape of a tall girl showed up. Then the fleet could see a black-haired girl with an ornament on the head.

'''[[Fusou]] :''' Of the two Fusou-class super-dreadnought battleships, I am the elder sister, Fusou. Please take care of me and my younger sister Yamashiro.

'''Kaga, pokerface :''' Yamashiro ? She's not here you see.

Fusou suddenly looked down on Kaga, who was smaller than her.

'''Fusou, smiling :''' Isss that sooo ? Fufufufu. How unfortunate...

'''Kaga :''' ...

'''Sendai :''' Hey Kaga, are you OK ?

'''Kaga, shaking in terror :''' I wet myself !

'''Fusou :''' Sooo ! I guess that now you found me, I have no other choice than follow you riiight ?

'''Shouhou :''' Hiii ! You... You don't have to follow us if you want !

'''Fusou :''' Ooooh ?

'''Myschin, serious tone :''' ... Girls, please endure this and bring her back.

-----

Later, in the admiral's office.

'''Myschin :''' Good job girls. I would want to celebrate this important victory together, but look like we have to deal with another problem here.

'''Fusou :''' Sooo you are the admiral heeere ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes.

While standing on his two legs, the admiral's head was as the same height as Fusou's chest.

'''Myschin :''' You are so big...

'''Fusou :''' Yessss, I'm too big. How unfortunate. Maybe it's because I am a super-dreadnought battleship.

'''Myschin :''' Are you always in this creepy mood ?

'''Fusou :''' No... Not when I'm with my little sister Yamashiro. Why she's not here ? WHY ?!

'''Myschin :''' ... Please Fusou, at least stop emanate that creepy aura around you. You terrorize the others.

Inazuma was crying in a corner.

'''Sendai :''' Admiral, almost all the destroyers in the base have fainted !

'''Myschin :''' ... Please stop Fusou, I beg of you.

'''Fusou :''' No ! If I stop now, you will scrap me afterward.

'''Myschin :''' Any other admiral would have scrap you at this point.

'''Fusou :''' There is only 1 way for me to stop that. I have to found my dear Yamashiro !

'''Myschin :''' And what if I can help you in your research ?

'''Fusou :''' Do you reaaally think you can help meee ? I'm pretty scary after all.

'''Myschin :''' Scary ? Maybe, but I've seen worse in the past. Pretty ? Sure, you are beautiful you know ?

'''Fusou :''' ...

'''Myschin :''' And let me tell you that the misfortune you seem to carry with you could make an orgasm to someone I know, a goddess of misfortune.

'''Fusou :''' Fufufufu... You are indeed funny. Very well, I accept your offer.

'''Myschin :''' Can I ask 2 things then ?

'''Fusou :''' Huuuu ?

'''Myschin :''' You really can't be a less scary-looking, enough to not make the others faint ?

'''Fusou :''' Mayyybe...

'''Myschin :''' And the other thing is more... How can I say it. I have the feeling that you are a total lesbian for your little sister. Isn't supposed to be the other way ?

'''Fusou :''' Dooon't worry. I have a nickname, which is "Demon God" Fusou. My little sister is very obdient toward me...

'''Myschin :''' ...

'''Fusou :''' Anything else ?

'''Myschin :''' Yeah, no matter on how I look at you, you are very beautiful. If I wasn't the admiral, I would ask you to hug me like a mother and his child.

'''Fusou :''' Fufufufu, no need to worry.

Fusou began to hug the admiral in her arms.

'''Myschin :''' Bwaaah ?!

'''Fusou :''' I can feel it... You have some sort on evil aura too...

'''Myschin :''' Aaah... Maybe it's because I carry a lot of strange creatures within my Summon cards.

'''Fusou :''' How about have some night battle with me in order to feel better each other ?

'''Myschin, Inazuma :''' EH ?!

'''Myschin :''' NO WAY ! I refuse !

'''Fusou :''' As expected... How Unfortunate...

'''Myschin :''' Fusou, I need to teach you how this base work. And I have one last question for you.

'''Fusou :''' Yesss ?

'''Myschin :''' I can sense there are 3 shipgirls who are waiting on the other side of the door. How about let them come in ?

'''Fusou :''' If they think that I'm not scaaary...

'''Myschin :''' You can come girls.

Michishio, Shigure & Mogami entered in the office.

'''Fusou :''' Ah...

'''Mogami :''' We felt your arrival.

'''Shigure :''' This time for sure, I will protect you !

'''Michishio :''' Please calm down Fusou.

Fusou released the admiral and welcomed the 3 other girls.

'''Mogami :''' We will help you in your search for Yamashiro.

'''Fusou :''' I have the feeling that she is somewhere in the Bashi Island.

==More randomness==

'''Inazuma :''' We are terribly sorry admiral, but we failed again to reach the boss node in the Adjacent Seas of the naval base-nanodesu.

'''Ikazuchi :''' Either that or we can't sink the boss because it has more armor than usual

'''Myschin :''' Guess we just had the rookie luck on our first try... Why do I have the feeling I have made something wrong with this Extra Operation ?

'''Akatsuki :''' Commander, we also need more ASW stuff to deal with the submarines.

'''Myschin :''' Yes I know, we will try with the dailies crafts.

But the crafts weren't ASW equipment.

'''Myschin :''' Damn, I failed again. I'm really sorry girls.

'''Hibiki :''' It will come with time, don't worry.

'''Myschin :''' The good news on the other side, it's the fact that we have built 2 new friends. Please introduce yourselve.

'''[[Abukuma]] :''' H-hello, I'm Abukuma, a light cruiser.

'''Myschin :''' Can I say something ?

'''Abukuma :''' If it's about my hairs, please watch your mouth !

'''Myschin :''' No... I mean, your voice is so pitched it can hurt my ears.

'''Abukuma :''' ... Really ?

'''Myschin :''' But you are pretty and I think you can be a good friend of Murasame. And about your hairs... How many time per day did you spend to comb them ?

'''Abukuma :''' I'll never tell that to you !

'''Myschin :''' Right, I don't really care anyway.

'''Abukuma :''' I have one question... Is Kitakami here ?

'''Myschin :''' No, why did you ask ?

'''Abukuma :''' Because... Because I don't like her ! We collided in the past and my bow was heavily damaged after that !

'''Myschin :''' I see... But to be honest, I don't care about Kitakami, she is just a MVP-Thief and that level of I-do-whatever-I-want annoys me.

'''Abukuma :''' Whoa, it's the first time I see an admiral who don't like Kitakami.

'''Myschin :''' While I'm at it, didn't the Headquarters announced that your Kai ni will be available soon ?

'''Abukuma :''' Eeeeh ?! Seriously ?! But I'm still Lv1...

'''Myschin :''' Don't worry, it will come time I guess. Well, now it's the turn of this other new girl here...

'''[[Aoba]] :''' Hi, thanks for your time, I'm Aoba ! Please can I have some words !

'''Myschin :''' ... No thanks you.

'''Aoba :''' Eh ? But Where I can find scoops then ?

'''Myschin :''' I don't like paparazzi. You remind me of a son-of-a-*bip* that's I've met during my years in the Eastern Culture.

'''Aoba :''' Oh come on, I'll show you all the goods sides of my job.

'''Myschin, already annoyed :''' Like what ?

Aoba showed some pantyshot pictures.

'''Aoba :''' I can sell them to you for a cheap price !

'''Myschin :''' There are other girls there too you know ?

'''Aoba :''' I can't wait to find some lesbian pairings in this base fufufu.

'''Inazuma :''' Wha... But.

'''Myschin :''' It's okay Inazuma, don't worry. Let me guess something Aoba. You really hope to catch me in a embarrasing moment of doing something wrong to a girl here. Tell me honestly please.

'''Aoba :''' Fufufu, right ! I want to expose the shame of everyone to everyone !

'''Myschin :''' I see...

An evil aura began to emanate from the admiral.

'''Myschin :''' Then...

'''Inazuma :''' NO PLEASE ADMIRAL !!

'''Myschin :''' How about go and interview one of my newest Kanmusu in this base ? I'm pretty sure she will be happy to answer all your questions and even pose for shameless pictures.

'''Inazuma :''' Eh ?

'''Aoba :''' REALLY ?! There is a shipgirl like that in the base ?! Where I can find her ?!

'''Myschin :''' In Mogami's room.

'''Aoba :''' Can I go now please please please ?

'''Myschin, smiling :''' Sure, sure.

Aoba left the office at an astonishing speed.

'''Abukuma :''' Whoa, she's weird...

'''Inazuma :''' Admiral...

'''Myschin :''' Don't worry Inazuma, I wasn't plan to give her the same kind of battle I've done with Tatsuta.

'''Inazuma :''' But in Mogami's room, there is...

'''Myschin :''' Yup, Fusou.

A loud scream was heard by all the people in the naval base.

'''Myschin :''' Look like that Aoba will be a quiet and docile girl from now.

-----

During the next sortie in the Adjacent Seas of the naval base, a shipgirl was encountered on node C. When the fleet returned to the base, the new shipgirl went in admiral's office.

'''[[Kitakami]] :''' I'm light cruiser Kitakami, nice ta meet 'ya.

'''Myschin, displaying a sad face :''' ... Oh shit, Abukuma won't be happy about that...

'''Kitakami :''' Who ? I don't care that girl, as long as there are no Destroyers close to me, I will be happy.

'''Myschin :''' Yeah, you really are not the kind of shipgirl that I like...

'''Kitakami :''' Meh, I don't mind. Soon you will find why I'm one of the best shipgirls ever.

'''Myschin :''' Yeah yeah... I still have 1 question for you, if you dare answer it. What is your relation with Ooi ?

'''Kitakami :''' Ooi-chi ? She's a good pal but sometimes she's too close to me. She's here ?

'''Myschin :''' No.

'''Kitakami :''' Good, then if I can go...

Suddenly Fumizuki entered in the office.

'''[[Fumizuki]] :''' Commander~, I came to play !

'''Kitakami :''' Kuh, Destroyer ? Aah, annoying.

'''Fumizuki :''' Eh ? You don't like me ?

Fumizuki began to have tears in his eyes. The admiral immediately hide himself under his desk with Inazuma, then a bright light illuminated the office.

'''Myschin :''' Damn, that was close !

'''Fumizuki :''' Commander, Kitakami has fainted... I wonder why~

Several minutes after that incident, the admiral was chatting with Ooyodo through the TV Screen.

'''Myschin :''' Which dailies quests did I miss so far ?

'''Ooyodo :''' All of the craft / construction related ones.

'''Myschin :''' Wow, really ? Call Kuma for me, we will do some crafts and constructions.

But nothing good happened, until a new shipgirl came our of a Recipe.

'''[[Kiso]] :''' I'm Kiso. I'll bestow upon you the absolute best victory !

'''Kuma :''' Waaah, a little sister that we didn't get so far-kuma !

'''Kiso :''' Big sister ?! Aww crap, not in front of the admiral !!

'''Kuma :''' Kumaaa !

Kuma began to hug Kiso, who was not feel easy at all.

'''Myschin :''' Erm, welcome in our naval base Kiso...

'''Kiso :''' YOU ! Tell anyone about what you just saw and i'll freakin' kill you !

'''Myschin :''' ... Yes ma'am, it's not the first time that kind of situation happened...

'''Kiso :''' How can I be a delinquent if my sister hug me like that ?!

'''Myschin :''' You will be a good friend of Tenryuu.

'''Kiso :''' Get lost already !

==The Communication Network==

'''Suna :''' Before we leave, I'll add this channel in the TV Screen. It's a Communication Network...

'''Myschin :''' Isn't just a permanent Skype call ?

'''Suna :''' ... Yeah, if you want. With this, you will be able to talk with me when I'm back home, and with some fellow friendly admirals that I know very well.

'''Myschin :''' Oh ?

'''Suna :''' Let's see if they are online now...

Suna turned on the TV screen and selected the "Communication Network" channel.

'''Suna :''' Hello ? Is anyone here ?

'''??? :''' Suna, is that you ?

'''Suna :''' Oh hi Peluche, how are you ?

'''Peluche :''' Fine by me, and you ?

'''Suna :''' I'm with a fellow friend who is now an admiral, like you and Cap'tain Fist.

'''Peluche :''' Oooh, that's good to heard !

'''Myschin :''' Hello miss Peluche.

'''Peluche :''' Hello hello... Say, what is your name ?

'''Myschin :''' Name's Myschin, nice to meet you.

'''Peluche :''' I'm Peluche and I've took assigment a week ago, how about you ?

'''Myschin :''' Waaah, me too.

'''Peluche :''' Hehe, it's nice. So, who is your Starter ship and how far did you advance by now ?

'''Myschin :''' Inazuma is my Starter ship and now I can access the Bashi Islands. And you ?

'''Peluche :''' I picked Fubuki and I'm currently in the Okinoshima Island, but man, that map is freakin' hard !

'''Suna :''' You learn very quick but you still lack some Battleships, Carriers and good planes for this area... Where is Cap'tain Fist anyway ?

'''Peluche :''' Not here at the moment, she will return in 3 or 4 days.

'''Myschin :''' I have to bring Suna back to his home, so I won't be able to discuss until I return to my base.

'''Peluche :''' Okay, see you later then.

Peluche turned off his Communication Network Channel.

'''Suna :''' OK, tomorrow will be our departure, your base will be ok ?

'''Myschin :''' I trust my shipgirls. Inazuma will temporarily take command of the base and she will be assisted by some others shipgirls.

'''Suna :''' Really ?

'''Myschin :''' Come on, it's essential to have a good trust relationship. If anything goes wrong, I'll repair it when I will return.
==Omake==
'''Myschin :''' Pouah ! Enfin terminé cette partie !

'''Inazuma :''' Cela a prit trop de temps pour être complété...

'''Myschin :''' Pour ma défense, j'ai farmé le Winter Event comme un malade, et je suis encore en train d'entraîner les doublons que j'ai gardé pour leurs équipements.

'''Inazuma :''' ...

'''Myschin :''' Mais hey, c'est bon maintenant, je pourrais continuer à écrire notre histoire sans soucis.
[[Category:Blog posts]]