<u>'''''Note :'''''</u> ''The whole story takes place in an alternative reality of the '''Magic the Gathering''' multiverse, which explains the presence of fantastic elements in the story (And I'm sorry if my english isn't perfectly understandable !).''

His name is Mystia Lore., or Myschin as a recurrent nickname. He was born as a normal human being somewhere in the plane of Ravnica, the city of guilds, but he never pledged allegiance to any of the ten guilds. He preferred to remain neutral and life was pretty boring until the Time Spiral incident occurs. At the end of that incident, many people gained the ability to awake his planeswalker's spark. He was one of them so he took advantage of this to leave this plan and travel around some others. Among them there was a foreign-looking plan where many Yokais lived peacefully. Some of them actually wanted to spread their knowledge, the Eastern Culture, around other plans so he stayed here for 5 years in order to help them, until he has desires of change.

Myschin left the Yokais and the plan and went to a more exciting place : the plan of Zendikar. Unfortunately, it was around the time where ancients powerful beings, the Eldrazis, awakened and went on a rampage in Zendikar. But thanks to his new knowledges learned during the years where he was with the Yokais, he was able to tame all of them and ensure that they will never cause anymore troubles. He has find a new homeworld where he will return sometimes, but then, he has another desire of change but also wanted a less exciting challenge than tame some powerful creatures.

A friend of him, named Suna, took the position of an admiral in another plan. A plan where war is settled with naval battles and no other mean. Skeptical at first, then Myschin seemed to be more and more interested by the way this world works and the progression of his friend, until the Event know as [[Fall 2014 Event]] occurs, were Myschin decided to become an admiral himself. Then Suna helped him to complete all the formalities (Who were even worse than the passage of a law in the Azorius senate !) and 8 month later, during which he learned a lot about this world and the way it work, meeting some shipgirls such as [[Nagatsuki]] in the process, he was officially nominated to took command of one of the naval base in Hashirajima anchorage.

And then the story of this admiral begins now...
[[Category:Blog posts]]