==Everyone's worries==

'''Inazuma, nervous :''' Awawawawa<br />'''Akatsuki :''' Is there a problem ?<br />'''Inazuma :''' Of course there is ! The admiral will only return tomorrow and I'm supposed to manage the base until he return.<br />'''Akatsuki :''' Don't worry, it's not as if we have to deal with an abyssal attack on our base.<br />'''Inazuma :''' Yesterday, he talked with his friends about the upcoming operation... I heard that he really wanted to find and save Harusame... But are we ready for it ?<br />'''Akatsuki :''' I don't know, everything depends on where she will appears but we don't know anything for now. Just relax please.<br />'''Inazuma :''' Y-yes...

-----

'''Shouhou :''' I'm worried about the fact the admiral didn't craft any other planes for us. Ours are rather weak.<br />'''Ryuujou :''' He said that he wanted to try to craft some ASW gears first, and it's not as if we will return defend the Nansei Island this soon. Ours planes said that the abyssal forces leaved the place after our victory.<br />'''Kaga :''' I don't mind for now.<br />'''Shouhou :''' Because you are naturally skilled. It's not my case !<br />'''Kaga :''' Don't worry, the admiral trust you and you scored some good results in the Cam Ranh Peninsula...<br />'''Akagi :''' Kagaaa, more rice please~ !<br />'''Kaga, sparkling :''' Yes Akagi-chan.<br />'''Ryuujou :''' Damn, I'm a little envious of Kaga because she can take care of a relative.<br />'''Shouhou :''' Yes... Somehow I can understand the admiral when he said he wanted to find my sister as soon as possible.<br />'''Ryuujou :''' The fact is that your sister isn't that easy to find.<br />'''Kaga :''' And what about me I wonder ? Am I not supposed to be hard to find ?<br />'''Shouhou :''' The Rookie's luck yes...

-----

'''Kisaragi :''' How can I make an assault on the admiral if I'm not well combed ?<br />'''Nagatsuki :''' I'm not really sure about that part. You should forgive to approch him in his sleep for example.<br />'''Kisaragi :''' Why ? It's the best opportunity in the night !<br />'''Yayoi :''' You weren't here when the admiral showed how scary he can be to Tatsuta.<br />'''Kisaragi :''' Oh ? How scary he was ?<br />'''Mikazuki :''' Remember all the R-18 with tentacles stuff in the thin books you have in your room ? So, thoses situations are nothing compared to what the admiral did to Tatsuta !<br />'''Nagatsuki :''' He didn't intend to kill her but still...<br />'''Mutsuki :''' ...<br />'''Yayoi :''' ...<br />'''Kikuzuki :''' ...<br />'''Satsuki :''' ...<br />'''Fumizuki :''' Hey~ Mikazuki, everyone is staring at you. I wonder why~<br />'''Mikazuki :''' Did I said something wrong ?<br />'''Nagatsuki :''' Yes, how the hell did you managed to find Kisaragi's R-18 stuff and read it in the first place ?!<br />'''Mikazuki :''' ... Because it's not hard to find them in the first place and I'm curious okay ?!<br />'''Fumizuki :''' Well, that can be bad for your mental health you know~ ?<br />'''Mikazuki :''' What if I don't want to read the same stuff as a normal girl is supposed to read ?<br />'''Yayoi :''' Do whatever you want. Isn't that the admiral told us to do in the first place ?<br />'''Satsuki :''' You have a point here.<br />'''Mutsuki :''' But please please don't become the same as Akigumo !<br />'''Mikazuki :''' I said that I read those, not that I want to draw some !<br />'''Kikuzuki :''' I wonder if I can read some serious books...

-----

'''Shigure :''' The admiral said before that I'm not the kindest girl here... I'm worried because I am supposed to be the kindest...<br />'''Fusou :''' Fufufu, you worry too much Shigure. Currently you aren't that strong and I'm here to protect you. What was done in the past belong to the past.<br />'''Shigure :''' But...<br />'''Michishio :''' She's right, just relax Shigure. The time when Yamashiro will come and when you will get your second remodel will come too. Even if the admiral said he wanted to give a fair chance to everyone to shine on the battlefield, no doubt that you will be one that he will train in order to make you stronger.<br />'''Shigure :''' ...

Suddenly, Fusou began to hug Shigure, who was took by surprise.

'''Michishio :''' I'm envious...<br />'''Mogami :''' I can give you a hug if you want.<br />'''Michishio, starring at Mogami :''' ... I'll pass my turn.<br />'''Mogami :''' How mean >.< !

-----

'''Murasame :''' Which swimsuit fit me the best ?<br />'''Samidare :''' You are still locked on this story ?!<br />'''Yuudachi :''' It's summer-poi ! Of course it's important !<br />'''Suzukaze :''' That's the spirit, yeah !<br />'''Murasame :''' I need to be the sexiest possible, because I will have a wonderful night... party alone with the admiral~<br />'''Samidare :''' * I'm really worried about my sisters now ! *<br />'''Yuudachi :''' A party alone with the admiral-poi ?! How unfair ! Let me join in too-poi !<br />'''Murasame :''' Fufufu Yuudachi, I'm not talking about the same kind of party.<br />'''Samidare :''' By the way, does the admiral know about the fact that you plan to... Seduce him ?<br />'''Murasame :''' Of course not, but do you think that I don't know what happened to Tatsuta ?<br />'''Yuudachi :''' What's the meaning of seduce the admiral-poi ?<br />'''Murasame :''' My my Yuudachi, you still don't know about this ? Well it's better for you to not learn too soon about it.<br />'''Samidare :''' Wait, why are you protecting his innocence ?! Are you reasonable or not in the end ?!<br />'''Murasame :''' Because I'm a big sister in charge.<br />'''Suzukaze :''' You ask too much and worry too much Samidare ! Just relax and enjoy this moment.

-----

'''Tenryuu :''' Hey Tatsuta, how about going to buy some swimsuits for the summer ?<br />'''Tatsuta :''' I'm not sure... I don't want to draw more attention on me, especially the admiral. I've learnt my lesson you know ?<br />'''Tenryuu :''' See ? When you're not in a creepy yandere-like mood, you can be super cute and cool, and I really love that part of you.<br />'''Tatsuta, blushing :''' Really... Then... Okay. I'll continue to be kind...

-----

'''Kiso :''' ... How can you be so lazy ?!<br />'''Kuma :''' It's too hot outside ! Don't want to move-kuma.<br />'''Tama :''' Same here-nya.<br />'''Kiso :''' Oy Kuma, you are supposed to be the second ship of this base, don't you lack some training ?<br />'''Kuma :''' Maybe-kuma, but I'm not worried about that. If the admiral want to take his time in our training, I won't complain.<br />'''Kitakami :''' Yeah me too. This guy may be annoying at the first look, but don't worry, he will see soon or later that we are some of the best shipgirls around !

-----

'''Sendai :''' What a waste ! Every exercice we can do when the admiral is not there don't give us real experience.<br />'''Naka :''' But we can improve our skills !<br />'''Sendai :''' There will be night battles in the upcoming operation, I want to participe in them !<br />'''Jintsuu :''' But nee-san, what if there is any shiplock ?<br />'''Naka :''' I don't think that our admiral will choose anything else than Easy mode, he took assigment not so long ago. I doubt he can even go on Normal.<br />'''Sendai :''' I can't wait !

-----

'''Atago :''' Maya-chan~, you should be more girly you know ?<br />'''Maya :''' The heck are you saying ?<br />'''Takao :''' It's summer, yes. How about we go together on the beach.<br />'''Choukai :''' Meh ! With this heat, I can't calculate things when I'm outside.<br />'''Atago, Takao :''' We have weird little sisters indeed...

-----

'''Kako, sleeping :''' * Zzzz *<br />'''Furutaka, blushing :''' ...<br />'''Aoba :''' ...<br />'''Furutaka :''' Hey Aoba...<br />'''Aoba :''' What ?<br />'''Furutaka :''' If I make a move on Kako-chan, will you make a scoop on the fact that I'm a shy lesbian ?<br />'''Aoba :''' To face admiral's wrath ? No thank you, I've learned my lesson !<br />'''Furutaka :''' Aaah, why I can't say directly to Kako that I love her ?<br />'''Kako, still sleeping :''' Furutaka... Zzzz... Cute...<br />'''Furutaka, nosebleeding :''' Auuu ! * Collapse *<br />'''Aoba :''' To think that I would worry myself about my sisters like that...

==Admiral's return==

In the evening of the second day after he left the base, the admiral came back to the naval base.

'''Myschin :''' I'm back. Sorry if you have worried about me.<br />'''Inazuma :''' Welcome back-nanodesu...<br />'''Akatsuki :''' Inazuma was indeed worried because she had a lot of pressure on her shoulders, but in the end, everything went fine.<br />'''Myschin :''' I'm glad to hear that. Shall we return to our business now ? Let's do the daily quests. I'll give you a warm time after we're done with them.

No new comrade was built today, but a nice surprise came while crafting some equipments.

'''Myschin :''' Is this a... Sonar ?<br />'''Akatsuki :''' Yes, it's the [[Type 93 Passive Sonar]], it will help us to detect enemy submarines.<br />'''Myschin :''' And the last equipement before we craft this was... A [[Type 94 Depth Charge]] right ?<br />'''Akatsuki :''' Yes. You should equip those 2 gears on one of us, it will give us a nice boost.<br />'''Myschin :''' Yes, but we need to craft more of those things, and they don't come out that easily.

1 sortie on 1-5 later.

'''Inazuma :''' Awawawa...<br />'''Akatsuki, moderately damaged :''' ...<br />'''Hibiki :''' Huzzah...<br />'''Ikazuchi :''' Yeah yeah, it's great that we have some ASW gear, but we definitively need more.<br />'''Inazuma :''' I'm sorry ! It's hard to aim correctly when there is still a lot of enemy submarines-nanodesu.<br />'''Myschin :''' Go take a bath and a rest after that. We'll continue tomorrow.<br />'''Ikazuchi :''' Yay, thank you commander !<br />'''Inazuma :''' ...

While Ikazuchi and Hibiki leave the office, Akatsuki noticed that Inazuma was fidgeting his fingers and blushing. The older sister left the office, wishing a good luck to his little sister.

'''Myschin :''' You don't want to take a rest ?<br />'''Inazuma :''' Commander, do you remember went you said earlier that we can ask anything to you ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Yes ?<br />'''Inazuma, blushing :''' Then... This night, and even right now... Can I rest with you and sleep with you ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Eh ? Why not.<br />'''Inazuma, blushing even more :''' Awawawawa !<br />'''Myschin :''' Just, I'm gonna play some games until late night before sleeping.<br />'''Inazuma :''' It's fine, as long as I'm close to you.<br />'''Myschin :''' ... You want to decompress after those 2 days at the head of the naval base, right ?<br />'''Inazuma :''' Yes.<br />'''Myschin :''' Alright.

Later in the night, the admiral was playing on his 3DS in the bed, and Inazuma was close to him.

'''Inazuma :''' Commander... Why do you want to find Harusame that much ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Because she is nice and somehow innocent. I generally just love her the way she is...<br />'''Inazuma :''' Commander, what do you think about me ?<br />'''Myschin :''' ... I like you a lot, and you are very cute too. But honestly, I still don't know if I can really love you. Love in the sense of true love. I know about the marriage system but... If I marry one girl, the others will be jealous... It's possible to marry more than one person with this system but...<br />'''Inazuma :''' ...<br />'''Myschin :''' But I'm sure about ONE thing Inazuma. You are the girl that I trust the most and I promise that you will the first to reach the maximum potential a shipgirl can reach without marriage. I care about you because you are my truly first shipgirl even if I met some other before.<br />'''Inazuma :''' Nanodesu...<br />'''Myschin :''' I'm really no good for this kind of talk...<br />'''Inazuma :''' It's fine... I'm happy to heard that... Somehow, most of the admirals just raise their shipgirls by judging only their power and potential. I'm just a Destroyer without anything special at all, I don't even have a Kai ni...<br />'''Myschin :''' Don't worry, really... Ah I'm sleepy now * Yawn *<br />'''Inazuma :''' Please hug me while you are sleeping-nanodesu...<br />'''Myschin :''' Yes...

And they both fell asleep, the admiral holding Inazuma in his arms. They spent a quiet night together. In the morning, the admiral wake up earlier than Inazuma. He looked at the still sleeping girl and gave her a kiss on the forehead.

'''Myschin :''' ... Take your time... Oh wait, it's already noon.

==The day they will never forget - The first ship !==

In the afternoon, Inazuma and her sisters went in the 1-2 for a recon patrol.

'''Akatsuki :''' You're sparkling Inazuma.<br />'''Inazuma :''' Eh ? Really ?<br />'''Ikazuchi :''' Yeah, it's not as bright as Fumizuki, but still.<br />'''Inazuma :''' Erm...<br />'''Akatsuki :''' So, how was your private time with the admiral ?<br />'''Inazuma :''' Awawa !<br />'''Ikazuchi :''' You are so easy to read.<br />'''Inazuma :''' I spent a very good time...<br />'''Hibiki :''' Did you attack him ?<br />'''Inazuma :''' NO ! I'm not into this kind of things >.< !!<br />'''Hibiki :''' Something happened anyway ?<br />'''Inazuma :''' No... I just asked him to hug me for sleep, that's all.<br />'''Hibiki :''' Well, it's still a first step.<br />'''Akatsuki :''' Enough Hibiki ! We aren't all adult like you and the admiral is not a pervert as far as I know.

Several minutes later, the 6th DesDiv encountered a new comrade that they brought back to the base.

'''Myschin :''' How was the recon ?<br />'''Akatsuki :''' Nothing special to report, but we've met a new... Hyperactive comrade.<br />'''[[Shiratsuyu]] :''' Hello !! First ship of the Shiratsuyu-class destroyers, 'Shiratsuyu' ! Yes, the first ship ! I'm the number one !<br />'''Myschiiin :''' AAAAH !!!

The admiral immediately began to kneeling, cry, and apologize.

'''Myschin :''' I'm sooo sorry !<br />'''Shiratsuyu :''' Eh ? Why ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Because... You are the last among your sisters to came here. I'm truly sorry !!<br />'''Shiratsuyu :''' ...<br />'''Myschin :''' Forgive me !<br />'''Shiratsuyu :''' You know... I'm used to it... I'm in the shadow of my sisters and not well known, or just as a noisy sister... But no matter what, I'm still the big sister !!<br />'''Myschin :''' I swear I'll make you a proud big sister one day !<br />'''Shiratsuyu :''' After that my sisters reach their maximum potential for sure...<br />'''Myschin :''' I'm not sure, I'm still novice as an admiral. We have a long time before any of you can reach your maximum potential, because I'm not a devil trainer. I'm here to ensure that you can live a peacefull and cheerful life.<br />'''Shiratsuyu :'''  Eh ? You're not going to scrap me ?<br />'''Myschin :''' NEVER !<br />'''Shiratsuyu :''' ...<br />'''Myschin :''' I like you a lot ! I'll never scrap you. Is it not the occasion to prove otherwise ?<br />'''Shiratsuyu :''' Eh... But you know... To let me stay here, I'm already happy.<br />'''Myschin :''' I promise that someday I'll make you smile as the number one Shiratsuyu-class.

Shigure, Murasame, Yuudachi, Samidare and Suzukaze entered in the office soon after.

'''Yuudachi :''' I heard that our big sister finally came-poi !<br />'''Murasame :''' Fufufu, so you've come.<br />'''Shigure :''' Welcome.<br />'''Shiratsuyu :''' I'll show you ! I will be the number one someday !<br />'''Shigure, smiling :''' Yes yes.<br />'''Murasame :''' Hey, how about go buying a swimsuit for the summer ?<br />'''Samidare :''' You still haven't choose ?!<br />'''Suzukaze :''' Hahaha, it's so lively. I like that !<br />'''Myschin :''' Wait a second, I know ! Shiratsuyu, how about... If I give you the opportunity to wear a swimsuit before your sisters ? You will be a number one in something for the first time, for a good reason.<br />'''Yuudachi :''' Eeeeh ? But I, like, want to have a swimsuit too ! I can't wait !!<br />'''Murasame :''' Fufufu Yuudachi, you are too impatient. It will come with time, don't worry.<br />'''Myschin :''' In any case, I will take care of you very well Shiratsuyu. You can dismiss now.

==The day they will never forget - The second encounter !==

'''Myschin, sparkling :''' Ah, I can't stop to being happy right now because Shiratsuyu finally came.<br />'''Fusou :''' Fufufu, do you want to feel colder ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Not really.<br />'''Maya :''' Admiral, why Fusou have to sortie with us now ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Because we're going to the Bashi Island and even if it's look like an easy area, let's go with a decent fleet right from the beginning.<br />'''Fusou, smiling :''' Fufufu I'll proteeect you Maya...<br />'''Maya, shaking :''' You sure ?<br />'''Shouhou :''' Somehow, she is the strongest shipgirl in our base so...<br />'''Maya :''' Aaah whatever !<br />'''Myschin :''' At least if you fail to reach the boss's node, you will be able to sink some enemy Transport ships.

On the road to the Bashi Island...

'''Compass girls :''' Nyahahah, it's troll time !!<br />'''Fusou, smiling :''' Is that sooo~ ?<br />'''Compass Girls :''' GYAAAH ! Forgive us ! Don't kill us !!<br />'''Maya :''' It's the first time I see those girls actually fear for their lives.<br />'''Fusou :''' You just have to treat them nicely and it's all dooone~<br />'''Ryuujou :''' I'm not sure if you are really nice but I can't deny that it's a persuasive weapon.<br />'''Jintsuu :''' I... I have found some bauxite on the road...

When the fleet arrived at the boss's lair, the girls noticed a red aura around a Ri-class Heavy cruiser and a He-class Light cruiser.

'''Sendai :''' Eeeh, so they already bring some Elite forces. They took us seriously * Licking his lips * Alright, let's do this !<br />'''[[Heavy Cruiser Ri-Class|Ri-class Elite]] :''' We won't be defeated that easily.<br />'''Fusou :''' Fufufu, we'll see about that...

An intense fight began between the shipgirls and the abyssals, but Fusou was too strong, even for Ri-class Elite.

'''Sendai :''' Aww come on ! We defeated them all during the day, I can't have my night battle time !<br />'''Jintsuu :''' Well, it's fine...

Fusou suddenly grabbed Ri-class Elite by the neck.

'''Fusou :''' Sooo~, where is my beloved Yamashirooo ?<br />'''Ri-class Elite :''' Khhh, I don't know what are you talking about !<br />'''Fusou :''' I'll break your neck...<br />'''Myschin, through microphone :''' STOP THAT FUSOU !<br />'''Fusou :''' ...<br />'''Myschin :''' Release her ! We have won, that's all we need to care.<br />'''Fusou :''' Admiraaal, I need my Yamashiro right nooow !<br />'''Shouhou :''' Hey, there is someone there !<br />'''Fusou :''' YAMASHIRO ?!<br />'''[[Kongou]] :''' It's the English-born returnee, Kongou ! Nice to meet you !

The time was freeze for a second. Fusou immediately started to emanating an evil aura all over the place again.

'''Fusou :''' Yooou... are not Yamashirooo !<br />'''Myschin :''' ENOUGH ! Summon [http://magiccards.info/rav/en/16.html Faith's Fetters] on Fusou right now !

Suddenly, several light ropes emerged from the water and immobilized Fusou instantly.

'''Fusou :''' Hu ?! What is that ?!<br />'''Myschin, menacing voice :''' I said 'Enough' Fusou ! Please calm down OK ? I'll untie you when you will be less agressive. Now come back to the base.<br />'''Kongou :''' Wow, it look like we will have FUN =D !

At the naval base...

'''Fusou, untied and holding Shigure in her hands :''' ...<br />'''Myschin :''' Good girl, good girl.<br />'''Shigure :''' Fusou, please.<br />'''Fusou :''' ... Do I have any other choice ?<br />'''Myschin :''' On the paper yes, but in reality, no. I'm sorry if I have to bring some of my abilities in, but you need to control yourself more for the sake of the others.<br />'''Maya :''' I knew it ! We can't trust her.<br />'''Myschin, menacing voice :''' Don't add more oil on the fire please.<br />'''Inazuma :''' Awawawa, please calm down everyone-nanodesu...<br />'''Myschin :''' ... Ah... Right... So ! I'll take responsability for this.

Then the admiral face Kongou.

'''Myschin :''' I'm really sorry if our first impression was a bad one...<br />'''Kongou, smiling :''' Nah, don't worry, I LIKE this kind of development too, because I can bring a SMILE and warm up the others-desu !<br />'''Myschin :''' Eh ?<br />'''Kongou :''' Well, I'm an energetic and cheerful girl you know ? I will lead your fleet to the victory for sure with my BURNING LOVE !<br />'''Fusou :''' ... Admiral, can I say something ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Please do, but watch your actions please.

Fusou began to stare at Kongou's face, who was smaller than her.

'''Fusou :''' Do you reaaally think you can took my place that easily ?<br />Kongou : Eh ?<br />'''Fusou :''' It's MY duty to lead this fleet.<br />'''Myschin :''' Erm, I'm still not sure about that fact BUT currently yes, Fusou is the strongest girl here.<br />'''Kongou :''' As long as I can be helpful to the others, I'm fine with ANYTHING-desu. If you want to stay as the strongest, it's fine too...<br />'''Fusou :''' ... Okay.

Fusou silently left the office with Shigure.

'''Kongou :''' Hey admiral, if you need a big sister to take care of the others, I'm perfect for this role !<br />'''Myschin :''' Actually, I'm worried about another fact.<br />'''Kongou :''' Which is ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Wil you try to be in love with me and force me to marry you ?<br />'''Kongou :''' Oh come on, admiral. I'm not this kind of girl. Don't you have already some lovers there ?<br />'''Inazuma, blushing :''' ...<br />'''Myschin :''' Don't know if I can say 'Lover' by now, but sure, there are some girls for which I care much than others... It remind me one last thing Kongou.<br />'''Kongou :''' Yes ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Are you addicted to black tea to the point you will turn into a 'Black tea demon' if you can't get your ?<br />'''Kongou :''' Always got to make time for tea-time, but I'm not sure if I will turn into a demon.

-----

'''Kongou :''' Since Fusou need some rest, I'll lead the fleet this time-desu !<br />'''Myschin :''' It's just a recon mission in the Eastern Orel Bay. For the best, you will clear the area and for the worst, sink some transport ships.<br />'''Kongou :''' Okay everyone ! Time for sortie ! FOLLOW ME !<br />'''Myschin :''' I hope that everything will be okay...

Several minutes later...

'''Kongou, through microphone :''' Weeell admiral, we reached a dead end-desu...<br />'''Myschin :''' Did you sink the enemy transports ships ?<br />'''Kongou :''' YES, and we also found a strange girl<br />'''??? :''' How'd I am a strange girl hu ?!<br />'''Myschin :''' ... If it's a shipgirl, bring her back to the base.<br />'''Kongou :''' Okay dokay !

Back to the base, the fleet brought the new girl in the admiral's office.

'''[[Tone]] :''' I am Tone ! With my addition to the fleet, there will be no problems searching out the enemy !<br />'''Myschin :''' Welcome... Such an old-mannish tone you have.<br />'''Tone :''' Got a problem with that ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Nope, I'm fine with it.<br />'''Tone :''' So, is my little sister Chikuma here by any chance ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Sorry, we haven't found her yet...<br />'''Tone :''' Great ! Now it's my chance to prove that I'm more stronger than her ohohoh !<br />'''Myschin :''' You can dismiss now * I wonder what kind of little sister is this Chikuma, because Tone is... Pretty childish *

==The day they will never forget - The third meeting !==

'''Myschin :''' So today it's your turn to assist me in the daily constructions.<br />'''Isuzu :''' Admiral, you should use a carrier as your secretary and craft some planes, don't you think ?<br />'''Myschin :''' ASW gears is more important for now.<br />'''Isuzu :''' If you say so... But nothing good was crafted today.<br />'''Myschin :''' We still have the Shipgirls constructions. Let's put the minimal formula in each Recipe.<br />'''Isuzu :''' Why don't you put more ressources in the Recipes ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Because we did so earlier and the result was ANOTHER Tone. 1 is enough and we need to watch our resources consumption.<br />'''Isuzu :''' Yes yes... Look like the timers are 1 hour, the next is 22 minutes and the last is 18 minutes.<br />'''Myschin :''' Call the flame-thrower fairy, I don't want to wait until the constructions are finished.

The first two Recipes revealed Natori and Murasame, but it took a little longer to open the last one.

'''Myschin :''' What does it means ?<br />'''Isuzu :''' I don't know, there is too much smoke there.<br />'''Myschin :''' It was only 18 minutes right ? It can't be anything rare... Unless it's Yayoi again...

The shape of a girl appeared in the smoke, which proved to be a brown/orange-haired girl with glasses.

'''[[Mochizuki]] :''' Hmm ? Ah, I'm Mochizuki.<br />'''Myschin, Isuzu :''' ...

The admiral and Isuzu where stunned for a moment, until...

'''Shiratsuyu, passing by :''' Admiral ? Admiral ?! Are you fine ?<br />'''Mochizuki :''' * Yawn * ... Sleepy...<br />'''Shiratsuyu :''' Oooh, aren't you the shipgirl the admiral was looking for ?<br />'''Mochizuki :''' ... That would explain why he is so shocked ?<br />'''Shiratsuyu :''' Hey, wake up admiral ! Wake up !<br />'''Myschin :''' Hu ? Ah... Oh my godness... What just happened.<br />'''Mochizuki :''' You just craft me, that's all.<br />'''Myschin :''' Uwaaah, finally !

The admiral began to hug Mochizuki.

'''Myschin :''' I was looking for you for so long !<br />'''Mochizuki :''' Is that so ?<br />'''Myschin :''' I'm so happy right now... First Shiratsuyu, then Kongou and finally you Mochizuki. I'll never forgive this day. All of the Mutsuki-class, minus Uzuki, are now reunited.<br />'''Mochizuki :''' Oh nice... But let me warm you admiral, I'm a pure slacker.<br />'''Myschin :''' It don't bother me, sometimes I can slack too...<br />'''Mochizuki :''' Oooh ? Really ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Yeah, I like to play video games...<br />'''Mochizuki, suddenly sparkling and motivated :''' VIDEO GAMES ?!<br />'''Myschin :''' ... Wait, are you a gamer ?<br />'''Mochizuki :''' Of course I am !<br />'''Myschin :''' Wow... Then I think you will really enjoy your new life in this base ^^.

In the evening, there was a nice gaming party in the naval base. Shiratsuyu and Mochizuki quickly became best friends together and Fusou happily smiled for the first time, much to the surprise of the others.

==Announcing Abukuma Kai ni==

The next morning, most of the shipgirls and the admiral have a rude awakening.

'''Myschin :''' Damn, we stayed awake until the dawn, just playing video games * Yawn * ... Still want to sleep... Mmmh ? A notification from Akashi ? OK, I'll come.

The admiral went to his office and turned on the TV screen.

'''Akashi :''' Greetings admiral, how are you ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Good morning Akashi... Still so sleepy...<br />'''Akashi :''' Oooh, but I have a lot of news for you. Ooyodo was absent, so I am the one in charge to inform you about several changements for now.<br />'''Myschin :''' Like what ?<br />'''Akashi :''' Abukuma can now be remodeled a second time with a Blueprint !<br />'''Myschin :''' ... Great, I don't have any Blueprint at all you know ?<br />'''Akashi :''' But she can now equip [[Daihatsu-class Landing Craft]] and [[Type A Ko-hyoteki]] !<br />'''Myschin :''' Two equipments I still don't have. I need to train Chitose and Chiyoda for some.<br />'''Akashi :''' And you can improve Type 32 Radar with the help of Ise or Hyuuga !<br />'''Myschin :''' ... Anything else ?<br />'''Akashi :''' Yes you can now reach's Kis Island's boss lair with 1CL 5DD instead of 6DD !<br />'''Myschin :''' Akashi...<br />'''Akashi :''' Yes ?<br />'''Myschin :''' I'm still a newly assigned admiral ! How the heck I am supposed to use those informations ?<br />'''Akashi :''' Well, you take your time, some other new admrals have already reached advanced areas and use greats equipments on greats shipgirls.<br />'''Myschin :''' Point taken, I'm sorry... Wait a second Akashi.<br />'''Akashi :''' Hmmm ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Are you... Naked under your apron ?!<br />'''Akashi :''' No ! I'm wearing a swimsuit ! It's summer you know ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Ah yes...<br />'''Akashi :''' Some of other shipgirls also wear swimsuit, like Littorio.<br />'''Myschin :''' Even the best admirals in the nearby of Hashirajima anchorage can't find Littorio !<br />'''Akashi :''' But veterans have her so...<br />'''Myschin :''' Anyway thank you for the informations Akashi.

The admiral headed to the kitchen next to the office.

'''Myschin :''' Need to prepare something to eat, I'm so hungry.

As he entered in the kitchen, the admiral noticed that someone was already there.

'''Myschin :''' Tenryuu ?<br />'''Tenryuu :''' Yo admiral ! Howdy ?<br />'''Myschin :''' I'm fine... Wait, you're wearing a swimwuit too ?<br />'''Tenryuu :''' Yeah ! How is it ?<br />'''Myschin :''' It seems old-fashioned but still very nice in my opinion.<br />'''Tatsuta :''' Admiral, you can't say it's old-fashioned...<br />'''Myschin :''' Hey, it's the impression I have and I don't really understand fashion in the first place you know ?<br />'''Tatsuta :''' I'm really sorry, please don't punish me again !<br />'''Myschin :''' Come on, it's fine.

After a quick breakfast, the admiral returned in his office, then suddenly.

'''Yuudachi :''' Admiral-poi ! I, like, have decided which swimsuit I want-poi !<br />'''Myschin :''' Hu ? What ?<br />'''Yuudachi :''' And I want to eat shaved ice and Yakisoba-poi !<br />'''Myschin :''' But Yuudachi, you still didn't get remodeled. Doesn't it comes with you remodel ?<br />'''Yuudachi :''' Then hurry up and make me stronger-poi !<br />'''Myschin :''' Ah wait Yuudachi... Wait I said !<br />'''Yuudachi :''' Poooiii !<br />'''Myschin :''' Sit !

The destroyed sit down in a instant.

'''Myschin :''' Are you sure you are not a real dog in human form or something like that ?<br />'''Yuudachi :''' No, not at all-poi.<br />'''Myschin :''' Then just wait patiently until your remodel, then you will get your swimsuit and your food okay ?<br />'''Yuudachi :''' Okaaay !

Yuudachi quickly left the office, but the admiral noticed that Shigure was looking from the door all the time.

'''Myschin :''' Don't be shy Shigure, come in.<br />'''Shigure :''' Admiral... I... Can I ask you something ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Of course you can.<br />'''Shigure :''' Then... Can I have a swimsuit too ?<br />'''Myschin :''' ... Oh man, look like I have to train all of you before I was overwhelmed with those kind of requests !

-----

Later in the day...

'''Myschin :''' So, we managed to craft another set of ASW equipment and that time we even crafted a powerful [[Type 3 SONAR]], how was your sortie ?<br />'''Akatsuki :''' Same as usual, we failed to kill the boss.<br />'''Inazuma :''' And we can't reach it everytime-nanodesu...<br />'''Ikazuchi :''' It's better but not enough admiral !<br />'''Hibiki :''' Huzzah !<br />'''Myschin :''' And I suppose you didn't find any submarine Shipgirl at all ?<br />'''Akatsuki :''' None so far, sorry admiral...<br />'''Myschin :''' Well I suppose that they will be not happy to go into the Eastern Orel Bay after all, though I don't plan to let them go here in the first place.

Shiratsuyu, Maya, Fusou, Kongou, Ryuujou and Shouhou went into the Eastern Orel Bay soon after.

'''Maya, through microphone :''' Admiral, there is a lot of fuel everywhere in this area !<br />'''Myschin :''' Somehow I understand why other admirals send Submarines fleets everytime here.<br />'''Kongou :''' Admiral, we reached the boss's node, but there is a problem-desu !<br />'''Myschin :''' Which is ?<br />'''Fusou :''' They bring Elite Battleship to fight us...<br />'''Myschin :''' ... Kongou, can you protect the others ?<br />'''Kongou :''' Yes OF COURSE, why ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Fusou, I give you the autorisation to unleash your evil aura. I won't punish you as long as the others are safe. Please don't kill the enemies.<br />'''Fusou :''' Very weeell admiraaal !

After an unseen awesome battle, the fleet returned in the base.

'''Myschin :''' Can someone other than Fusou report the situation ?<br />'''Kongou :''' Beside the fact that some of us took some damages... It was a crushing victory for us-desu.<br />'''Myschin :''' Well, they bring Elite Battleships after all. And we can now advance to the Okinoshima Island...<br />'''Maya :''' Well admiral, it will be wise to prepare this battle with great precautions. The enemy fleet left the Eastern Orel Bay but we heard the abyssals talking about bringing even more powerful vessels in Okinoshima Island.<br />'''Myschin :''' Don't worry, I know from the Communication Network with my fellow friends and mentor that this area is a whole harder than before. Starting from now, we will try to craft some planes for the carriers.<br />'''Shouhou :''' This is a great news to hear.

-----

On the Communication Network...

'''Myschin :''' Finally able to reach Okinoshima Island.<br />'''Peluche :''' Great, but good luck, this map is hard !<br />'''Myschin :''' I need to strengthen my fleet. 2 Battleship are not enough I guess.<br />'''Suna :''' Yes, standard composition for this map is usually 4BB and 2CV...<br />'''Peluche :''' You can use submarines, but it will be very hard to reach the boss's area.<br />'''Myschin :''' I don't have any submarine so far, and one Carrier...<br />'''Suna :''' Liar, you have Kaga AND Akagi !<br />'''Myschin :''' Akagi only think about eat and play with Kaga, I don't count her.<br />'''Suna :''' You just make the mission even more harder without her.<br />'''Myschin :''' Well I don't have any good planes and I still have to craft other Carriers too.<br />'''Peluche :''' By the way, you said you have 2 Battleships. I know you have Fusou, who is the other ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Kongou.<br />'''Peluche :''' GIMME please !!<br />'''Myschin :''' Eh ?<br />'''Peluche :''' I only miss her in my fleet, her sisters are waiting for her !<br />'''Myschin :''' Funny, I hope her sisters will come as soon as possible in my case X)

==Enter the 2nd CarDiv==

The next day, during dailies constructions.

'''Myschin :''' It's the first time I see a timer with 4 hours and 10 minutes. It is a Carrier Recipe ?<br />'''Ryuujou :''' Yup, for sure it's one.<br />'''Myschin :''' For sure it's Shoukaku or Zuikaku ! Call the flame-thrower fairy !

After a few seconds...

'''[[Souryuu|Soryuu]] :''' I'm aircraft carrier Souryuu. If you're making a carrier task force, count me in !<br />'''Myschin, sad :''' Awww crap, it's not the 5th CarDiv.<br />'''Soryuu :''' Cheers up admiral, I'm a good carrier too !<br />'''Myschin :''' Yes I know. Well, our cranes sisters will come with time too. Welcome in the base Soryuu. You will find several Carriers here. Also, since you are a regular Carrier, you will follow some exercice in order to make you stronger. We need another strong regular carrier if we want to go to Okinoshima Island.<br />'''Soryuu :''' OK, I'll do my best !

Later, in the admiral's office

'''Myschin :''' Since we need some preparations before going to Okinoshima Island, I will organise some training sessions in Bashi Island. Fusou, Kongou, Kaga and Soryuu are on the top priority. The others will train with them as well.<br />'''Yuudachi :''' I can't wait-poi !<br />'''Mochizuki :''' Urks, are we really need to do this commander ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Yes but if you do it, maybe I'll let you play some of my greats old games like ''Super Castlevania IV''...<br />'''Mochizuki, sparkling :''' Count me in too !<br />'''Myschin, smiling :''' * So easy... * Also I'll make pancakes this night.<br />'''Destroyers, drooling :''' Pancakes !!<br />'''Maya :''' Hey admiral, I hope you are good at cooking, because the destroyers will be really pissed if you fail.<br />'''Myschin :''' Don't worry, I can trust my skill.

-----

Later in the day.

'''Myschin :''' Look like the training sessions allow us to find more comrades ! That's actually very nice ! Please introduce yourselves ladies.<br />'''[[Haguro]] :''' I'm Haguro. I'm the youngest of the Myoukou-class heavy cruiser sisters. U-um... I'm sorry !<br />'''Myschin :''' ... And here we go as expected.<br />'''Haguro :''' Uwaaah ! So sorry if I'm shy !!<br />'''Myschin :''' I'm talking about the fact that Ashigara will be the last to join the base. The same happened with Mochizuki and Naka but... Oh well, welcome Haguro. Your sisters will explain everything you need to know about this base.<br />'''Haguro :''' I will do my best... I hope...<br />'''Myschin :''' Don't force yourself... Next girl please.<br />'''[[Chikuma]] :''' Pleased to meet you. 2nd of the Tone-class, Chikuma.<br />'''Myschin :''' ...<br />'''Chikuma :''' Something wrong admiral ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Yeah, you're freakin' taller than Tone, are you sure you are his LITTLE sister ?!<br />'''Chikuma :''' Fufufu yes admiral. Tone is such a child sometimes. I hope she didn't do anything bad ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Actually nope but man, you're more elder sister than your elder sister, that's... Original. And our last newcomer is...<br />'''[[Jun'you|Jun'You]], holding a alcohol bootle :''' Ex-merchant ship aircraft carrier, Junyo~ ! Woohoo !<br />'''Myschin :''' Heavy drunkard right ?<br />'''Jun'You :''' You're sooo right !<br />'''Myschin :''' Well, as long as you don't force the others to drink and if you do some training sometimes, I'm fine with you.<br />'''Jun'You, suddenly sober :''' Eeeh ? Like, seriously ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Chitose is already there and before I took my assigment here, I've met more heavier drunkards than you so I'm fine.

==First major victory==

'''Myschin :''' Okay girls, since we managed to craft a 3rd ASW gears set, your result improved right ?<br />'''Akatsuki :''' Yes, even if sometimes we reach a dead end with powerful enemies, we managed to win 2 more times against these submarines.<br />'''Myschin :''' We need 1 last victory to achieve total success. Do you think you can do it now ?<br />'''Ikazuchi :''' Of course commander ! You can rely on us !<br />'''Inazuma :''' Let's take a short break before-nanodesu...<br />'''Myschin :''' Please do.

Several minutes later, on the road to the boss's lair in the Adjacent Seas of the Naval Base.

'''Inazuma :''' I'm so nervous !<br />'''Hibiki :''' Yeah, you are shaking too much. Relax, it's just another mission like any other, the boss won't be stronger.<br />'''Akatsuki :''' Hibiki is right, calm down and everything will be fine. Take Ikazuchi as an example.

Said Ikazuchi was soon hit by another torpedo.

'''Akatsuki :''' ... Well forgive that Inazuma, your sister is a little too carefree...<br />'''Hibiki :''' I agree.<br />'''Ikazuchi :''' Stop talking and commence ASW, the submarines are here !

This time, the 6th DesDiv managed to sink all the submarines, boss included.

'''Inazuma :''' We... We made it-nanodesu !<br />'''Hibiki :''' Huzzah !<br />'''Akatsuki :''' Fufufu, the admiral will be very happy about that.<br />'''Myschin, through microphone :''' Of course I am. You have done an excellent job ! Please return to the base, everyone is waiting for you.

When the 4 Destroyers came back, they were carried in trimph by everyone else in the base.

'''Myschin :''' This is it. Our first major victory ! All thanks to the 6th DesDiv ! Well done girls, you deserve a good rest for now.

Then the admiral turned on the TV screen.

'''Myschin :''' Greetings Ooyodo, our 6 DesDiv managed to win the battle in the Adjacent Seas of the Naval Base.<br />'''Ooyodo :''' The Headquarters know, they will send you a medal to reward you for your efforts.<br />'''Myschin :''' A medal ? Such honor...<br />'''Ooyodo :''' It's a common thing. Every admiral can win several medals each month, and more during the Main Operations.<br />'''Myschin :''' It's good to heard...<br />'''Ooyodo :''' Also, you can trade 4 medals to get a Blueprint.<br />'''Myschin :''' I'll think about it later. Now I have something to do.

The admiral called Fusou and Kongou.

'''Kongou :''' What's the matter admiral ? Why did you call just the 2 of us ?<br />'''Myschin :''' I said earlier in the day that I will cook pancakes for everyone, but when I saw the Destroyers drooling, I thought that it will be impossible to cook in peace because of the smell and everything...<br />'''Fusou :''' Sooo you want us to protect you ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Actually Fusou, you alone will be enough. Just emit some dark aura around the kitchen to prevent others from approaching.<br />'''Fusou :''' Oookay, you can count on meee !<br />'''Kongou :''' And what will I do ?<br />'''Myschin :''' I want you to help me in the cooking, also you can learn on how I make pancakes.<br />'''Kongou :''' OK-desu.

Several minutes later, in the kitchen.

'''Myschin :''' So you take flour, sugar and eggs. Mix them well until it become a batter, then add milk and some aroma.<br />'''Kongou :''' I see... Then what kind of aroma did you put in ?<br />'''Myschin :''' It can be anything. My favorite is Orange Blossom.<br />'''Kongou :''' Such great taste. The smell is good... Somehow I totally understand why did you wanted Fusou and ME to protect and help you.<br />'''Myschin :''' I hope the Destroyers will get used to it with time...

==Howl of the Hungry Wolf==

Next day, during the training sessions in Bashi Island.

'''Ri-Class Elite :''' I Won't fall that easily !<br />'''Maya :''' She's though ! We didn't sink her during our day battle. What should we do admiral ? Go in Yasen to finish her ?<br />'''Myschin, through microphone :''' No, come back.<br />'''Sendai :''' WHAT ?! But, my night battle time !!<br />'''Myschin :''' We aren't monsters. The opponents were strong. They deserve a chance to stand too.

Later in the admiral's office.

'''Sendai :''' The heck is worng with you ?! Why I can't have my beloved Yasen time ?!<br />'''Myschin :''' Put yourself in the place of that Ri-class. Do you think you will enjoy to be crushed everytime without doing anything to defend yourself ? We managed to get a A-Rank victory and nobody in the fleet took significant damage, so it's good.<br />'''Shouhou :''' Erm, that's true but... Does it means that you consider the fact that the abyssals can feel those kind of things ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Yeah, they aren't heartless. That Ri-class has some determination. I want to give her a fair fight sometimes. And I won't argue again to the fact that we are in war and blablabla. It's my way to do it. If anything will went wrong, I'll take my responsability, got it ?<br />'''Other shipgirls :''' Yes admiral.<br />'''Myschin :''' Now, go take a break.

The others girls left the office, but Inazuma didn't.

'''Inazuma :''' Commander... You want to spare the abyssals too, right ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Yeah, if I can save some of them, I will do so<br />'''Inazuma :''' I'm glad to heard that-nanodesu...

A few sorties later...

'''Jintsuu :''' Admiral, my sister Sendai took heavy damages, I wonder why...<br />'''Myschin :''' Easy to guess since we didn't go in night battle.<br />'''???? :''' I just heard "Battle" do I ?!<br />'''Myschin :''' The heck was that ?<br />'''Jintsuu :''' Ah, it's a new comrade that we found in the Bashi Island...<br />'''Myschin :''' Let her come in the office.<br />'''[[Ashigara]] :''' I'm Ashigara. My specialty is surface combat. Nice to meet you.<br />'''Myschin :''' Ohohoh ! Finally !<br />'''Ashigara :''' Eh ?<br />'''Myschin :''' I was looking for you, Hungry Wolf !<br />'''Ashigara :''' ...<br />'''Myschin :''' Why the surprised face ?<br />'''Ashigara :''' Because it's rare to see an admiral who was actually looking for me...<br />'''Myschin :''' Ah ?<br />'''Ashigara :''' Hum yeah, didn't you heard me before, when you said the word "Battle", I had a hot-blooded reaction.<br />'''Myschin :''' ... Really ?<br />'''Ashigara :''' For sure.<br />'''Myschin :''' But you're looking fine here, a charming lady to add more... But let's see... A large battle will soon occur...

Ashigara immediately unsheathe his 20,3cm Twin Gun mount.

'''Ashigara :''' VICTORY IS CALLING FOR ME !!<br />'''Myschin :''' ... Yeah, that's pretty funny indeed.<br />'''Ashigara :''' Aww come on ! Don't tease me like that !<br />'''Myschin :''' Ah my bad, but you will need to be stronger because I plan to rely on you in the future.<br />'''Ashigara :''' Ah ? Me ? Why not my sisters too ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Haguro is too shy, Nachi is too strict and Myoukou is too... Weird when she get damaged.

The 3 Heavy cruisers sneezed together.

'''Ashigara :''' And I'm too hot-blooded when it comes to a battle.<br />'''Myschin :''' "Shoot first and ask questions later" Type ? As long as you don't kill your opponents but win the battle, I'm fine with you.<br />'''Ashigara :''' ... Then I will do my best to don't deceive you admiral !<br />'''Myschin :''' Good ! You will team with Maya in order to become stronger.

-----

'''Ashigara :''' Awoooh ! I'm the Hungry Wolf ! Victory is calling for me !!<br />'''Maya :''' Whoah, you sure are high-spirited.<br />'''Ashigara :''' So you're the Maya-san that the admiral have speaked about ? It's a great honor to be in your care.<br />'''Maya :''' Well erm... Not sure if I can be a good teacher...<br />'''Shiratsuyu :''' Erm Maya, we are in the middle of a battle...<br />'''Ri-Class Elite :''' Do you think I'll let you do as you please ?!

Maya was slightly damaged.

'''Maya, very angry :''' The hell... !? Don't mess with me !

Maya sank the Ri-class Elite in one shot.

'''Ashigara, sparkling :''' WOW ! You did great ! I'm envious !<br />'''Maya, embarassed :''' Eeeh...<br />'''Shiratsuyu :''' Ah ! I'm the first to spot a new comrade !<br />'''Jintsuu :''' * Do you really need to say that you are the first for this kind of things ? *<br />'''Kongou :''' OH SHIT ! It's HER !

Later, in the admiral's office.

'''Nagatsuki :''' Commander, your pancakes were great... Will you make some others ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Yeah, for sure, but later.<br />'''Nagatsuki :''' I want to rest with you for the entire day...<br />'''Myschin :''' Fine by me.

Nagatsuki started to blush a little when suddenly, some loud voices were heard.

'''Kongou :''' Get your hands off I said-desu !<br />'''???? :''' But Onee-samaaa !<br />'''Kongou :''' Maya, Ashigara, help me to deal with that pot of glue !<br />'''Myschin :''' The heck ig going on here ?<br />'''Nagatsuki :''' Erf, it will be noisy again... Sorry commander, I'll go in a quieter place.

After Nagatsuki left the office by another door, Kongou entered in by the front door with Maya, Ashigara and a new comrade sticked to the battleship.

'''Kongou :''' Admiraaal-desu ! Help me !<br />'''Myschin :''' Wait, since when [http://danbooru.donmai.us/posts?tags=hanamura_yousuke Yousuke Hanamura] is stick to you Kongou ?!<br />'''[[Hiei]] :''' Wrong ! I'm Hiei, Kongou Onee-sama's sister. I'm looking forward to gaining experience and getting closer to my sister's brilliance.<br />'''Kongou :''' Stop sticking to me !<br />'''Hiei :''' But onee-sama !<br />'''Myschin :''' Oh well, another case of lesbian shipgirl I guess.<br />'''Hiei, thinking very hard :''' Le-le-lesbian ?!<br />'''Kongou :''' Crap ! You have awakened something in her admiral !!<br />'''Myschin :''' ... Ah.<br />'''Hiei :''' Aaah Onee-samaaa~

Kongou was about to cry.

'''Myschin :''' Hiei, please stop.<br />'''Hiei :''' ...<br />'''Myschin :''' Let Kongou take a break would you ? How did you survive until now ?<br />'''Hiei :''' I have a dakimakura with onee-sama figure on it !<br />'''Myschin :''' Wut ?!<br />'''Hiei :''' I'm Onee-sama's biggest fan ! Don't underestimate me !<br />'''Myschin :''' Yeah yeah... But right now Kongou need to take a bath so... Leave her for an instant would you ?<br />'''Hiei :''' A bath ? ...

The battleship began to nosebleed. What happened after that is a story that everyone wish it was a dream, but it wasn't. While Kongou took a rest in the reparation dock, Hiei suddenly came in too, only to see Kongou's Naked body. It took Fusou, all the Heavy cruiser AND some spells cast by the admiral to stop Hiei's rampage through Kongou's privacy.

==The end of Fusou's lament==

The admiral wake up at dawn the next morning.

'''Shouhou :''' I guess yesterday's incident with Hiei was tiring.<br />'''Myschin :''' Pretty much yeah, but Kongou handled the situation very well in the end. Hiei will be more wise by now. By the way Shouhou, is the training good so far ?<br />'''Shouhou :''' Yes. It's a little hard but since you crafted a Suisei yesterday, it's a little better.<br />'''Myschin :''' I'm glad to hear that.<br />'''Shouhou :''' But admiral, one is not enough, if you can craft more planes, it would be good for each of us carriers.<br />'''Myschin :''' I'll try my best, but the randomness is strong when it comes to the crafting. If some girls are wake up too, you can go train in the Bashi Island.<br />'''Shouhou :''' Yes admiral.

A moment later, in the admiral's office

'''Myschin :''' I don't feel sleepy but man, how the morning is long sometimes... Even If I still playing Puyo Puyo for a long time now.<br />'''Shouhou :''' Admiral ? Our fleet is back.<br />'''Myschin :''' Welcome back Shouhou. Has anything happened ?<br />'''Shouhou :''' Yes, we met a new comrade !<br />'''[[Ise]] :''' Super-dreadnought, 1st of the Ise-class, Ise. Setting off !<br />'''Myschin :''' Woah ! Nice ! But aren't your turrets heavy ? You have so many that I can barely see your sword.<br />'''Ise :''' Are my turrets heavy ? Not at all.<br />'''Myschin :''' So you are strong ?<br />'''Ise :''' Yeah pretty much...

Suddenly, Fusou entered the office with an evil aura around her.

'''Fusou :''' I wooon't give my place to youuu !<br />'''Myschin :''' What now Fusou ? She just came now, there is no way she can take your place you know ?<br />'''Ise :''' Oh Fusou, howdy ?<br />'''Fusou :''' Don't talk to me with this friendly tone ! We're enemies !<br />'''Myschin :''' Hu ?<br />'''Ise :''' I guess she's talking about our remodels into Aviation Battleships. To be fair, I can carry more seaplanes than her so that's why she's angry at me.<br />'''Myschin :''' ... And you say that casually and even with a smile on your face ?<br />'''Ise :''' Come on, why I would be depressive ? I want everyone to be happy.<br />'''Fusou :''' Then die for me please !<br />'''Ise :''' Nope Fusou-chan but don't worry, I can see that you arrived way before me, so I promise I won't took your place as the strongest Battleship there.<br />'''Fusou :''' ... Well, we will see if you will keep your promise.

Fusou left the office quietly.

'''Myschin :''' Impressive, you can deal so easily with Fusou. It scare me a little.<br />'''Ise :''' That's nothing really. Wait until Yamashiro come, she will be a nicer person.<br />'''Myschin :''' It's the problem actually. While the girls are training in the Bashi Island, they also search new comrades, but so far, Yamashiro wasn't found. I hope it won't take too much time to find her.<br />'''Ise :''' You will find her, don't worry.

-----

Several sorties later...

'''Yayoi :''' We have found a weirdo commander...<br />'''??? :''' I'M NOT A WEIRDO ! I'M THE MAIN CHARACTER !!<br />'''Myschin :''' ... That's not how you should introduce yourself young lady.<br />'''[[Fubuki]] :''' Nice to meet you ! I'm Fubuki ! Thanks for having me !<br />'''Myschin :''' Now that I think about it, it's really funny...<br />'''Fubuki :''' Hu ? What are you talking about ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Because you are the fourth starter ship who came to our base.<br />'''Fubuki :''' The fourth ?! How mean for me ! I'm a main character !<br />'''Myschin :''' What's that "main character" delirium your talking about ?! I can't understand !<br />'''Naka, bursting out of nowhere :''' It's easy admiral ! It's because she's the main protagonist of the game and the anime<br />'''Myschin :''' You don't help me much more...<br />'''Naka :''' By the way, this story took too much time to be published on the Internet<br />'''Fubuki :''' Hey, main topic is about ME ! It's my arrival now !<br />'''Myschin :''' I wonder why I ranked you 4th among my starter ships, I though your personnality was flat as hell.<br />'''Fubuki :''' I'll show you that I deserve to be the main character !!<br />'''Myschin :''' Yeah yeah, you begin to be noisy. Go ask Fumizuki if you want to be a main character, she will explain in detail how it works here, especially if you insist too much.<br />'''Fubuki :''' Thank you very much commander !!

Fubuki left the office at light-speed. Soon after, a bright light shines through the windows.

'''Yayoi :''' You are mischevious commander...<br />'''Myschin :''' You think so ? Then explain me how you would deal with her ?<br />'''Yayoi :''' You have a point commander...<br />'''Myschin :''' Don't forget to tell Fubuki that all of her sisters are here.

-----

In the middle of the afternoon, while the admiral was playing a game with Mochizuki in his office.

'''Mochizuki :''' You're pretty good !<br />'''Myschin :''' Same for you !

Ryuujou entered in the office.

'''Ryuujou :''' What are you playin' ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Old classic ''Crash Team Racing''... Wait Ryuujou, aren't you supposed to be in Bashi Island currently ?<br />'''Ryuujou :''' Well... Fusou went alone and she insisted to go by herself.<br />'''Myschin, facepalm :''' Sigh, she really can't wait until Yamashiro's arrival...<br />'''Mochizuki :''' Yay I won !<br />'''Myschin :''' ... We have a larger worry than playing a game.<br />'''Ryuujou :''' If she do as she has done before joining us, she will be fine... I guess.<br />'''Myschin :''' What if she kill the enemies ?<br />'''Ryuujou :''' Do you want to go and stop her ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Nah, it would only worsen the situation. We just have to wait until she return. I've give her a lecture after that

And soon after...

'''Fusou, sparkling :''' I'm back.<br />'''Myschin :''' ...<br />'''Fusou, sparkling :''' Oh don't look at me with that stare, it's embarassing.<br />'''Myschin :''' Next time Fusou, warn me about your intentions.<br />'''Fusou, sparkling :''' Oh I'm really sorry about that admiral.<br />'''Myschin :''' More importantly, are you the same Fusou which terrified the entire base until now ?<br />'''Fusou, sparkling :''' Yes but this time is over now, because I have found my beloved Yamashiro.<br />'''[[Yamashiro]], trembling :''' Of the two Fusou-class super-dreadnought battleships, I am the younger sister, Yamashiro. Huuu Fusou-onee-sama, could you let me go a little ?<br />'''Fusou :''' No. Way. <3<br />Yamashiro : Uuuh, I guess she will remain in that state for a long time...<br />'''Myschin :''' Actually... I though you were also a depressive shipgirl.<br />'''Yamashiro :''' I can't. My sister loves me too much and I don't want her to be unhappy...<br />'''Myschin :''' I see... Then someone must call Michishio, Shigure and Mogami. Looks like the Nishimura Fleet is reunited again...

In the evening, the admiral asked everyone to let the Nishimura fleet's member enjoy their reunion. Nagatsuki asked the admiral if she can rest with him for some time, which he accepted.

'''Fusou :''' Ah Yamashiro, such a wonderful day<br />'''Michishio :''' You are totally different now Fusou...<br />'''Yamashiro :''' Aaah, will everything be okay ? I'm worried...<br />'''Mogami :''' Don't worry, our admiral is very comprehensive, he will take care of you.<br />'''Fusou :''' No no no, I will take care of my beloved Yamashiro much better than him !<br />'''Yamashiro, with a submissive attitude :''' Yes onee-sama...<br />'''Michishio :''' Hey Shigure, why you don't say anything ?<br />'''Shigure, blushing :''' ...<br />'''Mogami :''' Yeah it's strange. I expected you to cry to be honest.<br />'''Shigure :''' Is... Is that so ?<br />'''Yamashiro :''' Are you feeling good ?<br />'''Shigure :''' Yeees... Auuu...<br />'''Michishio :''' She fainted ?!<br />'''Mogami :''' * Look like she is more than happy to see Yamashiro... It could be fun... *

==Joy and tears==

The next day, Yamashiro began to train with her sister, and the admiral noticed that Shigure was more shy than usual.

'''Myschin :''' Are you OK Shigure ? Your face is red...<br />'''Shigure :''' I'm perfectly fine. Yes I am !<br />'''Myschin :''' ... So why are you in the position of a stalker who want to spy the fleet's return ?<br />'''Shigure :''' Eh ? Erm... It's...

Mogami came and brought the admiral with her.

'''Mogami :''' Admiral, Did you noticed what happened to Shigure ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Her stalking attitude ?<br />'''Mogami :''' It's not stalking, it's... Love. Shigure is in love with Yamashiro, but she's too shy to tell the truth to the battleship.<br />'''Myschin :''' Ah I see... Thank for the info, I will not bother her anymore, as long as she don't hurt the others.

-----

Later in the day, during dailies constructions.

'''Kaga :''' Why did you asked me to come and cut my beloved time with Akagi-chan admiral ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Well, to help me craft some planes of course...<br />'''Kaga :''' And why Nagatsuki is here too ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Because I have decided that every day, it will be a different girl who will help me for the constructions.<br />'''Nagatsuki :''' Commander, the Carrier Recipe shows a timer of 3 hours.<br />'''Myschin :''' Call the flame-thrower fairy.<br />'''Kaga :''' Look like it will be a light carrier...

And the Recipe opened.

'''[[Hiyou]] :''' My name is Izumo Ma... No, Hiyou. I'm an aircraft carrier. Pleased to meet you, Admiral !<br />'''Myschin :''' Oh ? Welcome in our base Hiyou. Are you the sister of Jun'You by any chance ?<br />'''Hiyou :''' Yes, I need to watch after her, because if she drinks too much, bad things can occur.<br />'''Myschin :''' She's already here and so far, no incident with her was reported.<br />'''Hiyou :''' Oh I see...<br />'''Myschin :''' Meet a new comrade is fine, but we also need to craft some planes. Kaga, help me.<br />'''Kaga :''' Yes admiral.

The first 2 tries only resulted in commons planes, but for the last try...

'''Kaga :''' Oh my, no need to thanks me admiral.<br />'''Myschin :''' Eh ? What is this plane ? Never see it before... It has 3 stars so for sure, it's a rare one.<br />'''Kaga :''' It's the strongest Torpedo bomber you can craft actually. It's a [[Ryuusei Kai]] !<br />'''Myschin :''' I see... It will be useful for our campaign in Okinoshima Island.

-----

In the evening...

'''Myschin :''' So, I want to try the Naval Base Adjacent Sea Route.<br />'''Nagatsuki :''' And you want to rely on us for this mission ?<br />'''Myschin :''' Yeah but it's more a recon than anything else. Even if severals among you are remodeled, I fear that things can goes wrong...<br />'''Satsuki :''' Don't worry, we will be careful !<br />'''Kikuzuki :''' Say the most impulsive among us...<br />'''Satsuki :''' Hey I'm not as hot-blooded as Maya or Tenryuu to begin with.<br />'''Mikazuki :''' We will do our best commander !<br />'''Yayoi :''' Yes...<br />'''Myschin :''' Jintsuu will watch over you.<br />'''Jintsuu :''' I will do my best.

Later, on the road to the Adjacent Sea Route.

'''Mikazuki :''' The admiral kept his promise after all. We can prove that we are capable of carry out a real mission.<br />'''Nagatsuki :''' Don't let you guard down, it's still a dangerous area...<br />'''Jintsuu :''' There are enemies submarines in this area !<br />'''Satsuki :''' Aw crap, we dont have ASW gears on us.<br />'''Kikuzuki :''' Torpedoes incoming !

But fortunately, no one was harmed and the fleet can pursue his mission.

'''Jintsuu :''' It's too quiet... Way too quiet. Why do I have the feeling that we are running right into a trap ?

Then suddenly a bunch of abyssal planes came from nowhere and attack the fleet.

'''Jintsuu :''' WATCH OUT !

But unfortunalety, Mikazuki and Kikuzuki were slighly damaged, while Satsuki was heavily damaged.

'''Nagatsuki :''' Are you OK ?<br />'''Satsuki :''' Tchh, that hurts a lot damnit !<br />'''Yayoi :''' Where does those planes came from ?

Then a abyssal fleet revealed herself, and the flagship was a familiar face, except that she had now a golden aura around her.

'''Wo-class Flagship :''' Wo is there ? HELLOOO SHIPGIRLS ! What a lovely day to have my REVENGE !<br />'''Jintsuu :''' You ! You will pay for what you have done !<br />'''Wo-class Flagship :''' Wohohoho, you are not in a position to threat me ! Now SINK !

The Wo-class launched more planes on the shipgirls. Nagatsuki tried to shoot some of them but Yayoi took heavy damages too

'''Yayoi :''' That does it... I'm not angry... I'm not.. angry...<br />'''Wo-class Flagship :''' Wohohoho, strike ! Now WO is in a bad position ?

Jintsuu looked at the abyssal carrier with a death glare but she knew that she can't do anything against her.

'''Myschin, through microphone :''' RETREAT NOW !<br />'''Wo-class Flagship :''' Wohohoho ! That's right, run you cowards ! And come again ! I'll rekt you as many time as you will wish !

Back at the base, the admiral ran to the docks to see the fleet coming back.

'''Jintsuu :''' So sorry admiral, we failed...<br />'''Mikazuki, sad :''' We... We have failed your expectations... It's such a shame...<br />'''Myschin :''' Off with the apologies ! You managed to return alive, that's all that matters to me right now ! We can't win everytime too...<br />'''Satsuki :''' It hurts...<br />'''Yayoi :''' I'm... Not... Angry...<br />'''Myschin :''' Girls, what I have told you before ? To throw away the formalities. It's okay, you can cry if you want.

Satsuki and Yayoi collapsed in tears

'''Satsuki, crying :''' Uwaaah !<br />'''Yayoi, silently crying :''' ...<br />'''Nagatsuki :''' Damn, if only I have shot more of thoses planes.<br />'''Myschin :''' It's okay, don't worry about that. We need more preparations. It's my fault in the first place. I just wanted to see if we are capable to advance in this area... Look like it's not the case from now. Go take a rest in the reparation dock. You will spend the next day in the base to recover.

==Omake==
'''Inazuma :''' Cela a prit beaucoup trop de temps pour paraître-nanodesu !

'''Myschin :''' Désolé, mais entre le Winter Event et ma vie privée + le fait de devoir écrire en anglais, langue qui n'est pas ma langue maternelle...

'''Inazuma :''' Je suppose qu'il vaut mieux tard que jamais...

'''Myschin :''' C'est ça, surtout que la prochaine partie sera consacrée à la conquête d'Okinoshima Island... Puis la suivante sera centrée sur le Summer Event !
[[Category:Blog posts]]