==A strong addition to the fleet==
'''Myschin :''' Don't say anything girls, you ended up again in the dead end of the Coastal Refinery Zone ?

'''[[Inazuma]] :''' Yes...

'''Myschin :''' ... Maybe because it's just a lack in big ships that prevent us for advancing further more ? Anyway please take a break for now.

Inazuma, Tenryuu, Kuma, Shikinami, Nagatsuki and Fumizuki left the office.

'''Suna :''' Let me warn you that there is a battleship in the boss's node.

'''Myschin :''' Something who is even more threatening than the Ri-class Heavy cruiser ?

'''Suna :''' Yes, although you can actually win in Yasen if you can reach it.

'''Myschin :''' I doubt that my girls have enough experience to deal with it for now. What I really need is a bigger ship. A Heavy cruiser would be fine for the beginning.

'''Suna :''' Are you really sure you want to try to build another ship now ? Can't you wait until the daily quests's reset ?

'''Myschin :''' It's fine, our resources are quite good so far.

'''Suna :''' Well, you can do as you wish, it's your base after all.

The admiral and his friend went to the Construction docks.

'''Myschin :''' Let's put 350 Fuel, 150 Ammo, 250 Steel and 50 Bauxite this time.

Then he pushed the button to start the construction. The timer displayed this time...

'''Myschin :''' 1 hour and 25 minutes ? What's that ? Another Light Cruiser ?

'''Suna :''' Nope and rejoice, it's a Heavy cruiser time !

'''Myschin :''' Cool ! Call the flame-throwing fairy now !

And after a round of blazing flames, the Recipe opened.

'''[[Maya]] : '''Yo ! Name's Maya, nice to meet you.

'''Myschin :''' Whoa !

'''Maya :''' Hu ? You are the admiral ? You don't look strong ya know ?

'''Myschin :''' Please don't judge someone only on his appearance.

'''Maya :''' Oh oh ? Right, right. I'm curious to see how you work here.

'''Myschin :''' Anyway, welcome in our base. I was really looking for a bigger ship than a Light cruiser.

'''Maya :''' I'm the perfect girl for you then !

'''Myschin :''' I honestly don't know if you are perfect, but for sure you are a great addition to our forces. Let's go introduce you to the other girls here.

Soon after, Maya was introduced to the Destroyers and the Light cruisers.

'''[[Tenryuu]] :''' She looks strong ! I'm envious !

'''[[Shikinami]] :''' She looks so cool !

'''[[Kasumi]] :''' Is she that strong ?

'''[[Michishio]] :''' Sssh, she could hear you !

'''[[Kuma]] :''' She has a hothead feeling kuma.

'''[[Mikazuki]] :''' But she will protect us right ?

'''Inazuma :''' Nanodesu...

'''Maya, blushing :''' Hehe, thank you, thank you...

'''[[Fumizuki]] :''' She's a great person~.

'''Myschin :''' Maya, do you think you can help the fleet to reach the boss's node in the Coastal Refinery Zone ?

'''Maya :''' Sure ! Leave it to me !

Then she was assigned as the flagship of the first fleet, along with Tenryuu, Kuma, Inazuma, Ikazuchi and Hibiki.

'''Maya :''' Yosh ! Let's go everyone !

'''[[Hibiki]] :''' What an enthusiastic person...

'''Compass girls :''' Ohohoh ! No matter how strong you are, you can't beat us !

Maya pointed his gun right to the fairy's face.

'''Maya :''' Oh yeah ? Spin that damn compass and we'll see !

The needle pointed to the east.

'''Maya :''' See ? Piece of cake I said !

'''Tenryuu :''' So cool !

'''Compass girls :''' ... It's not over yet.

The fleet easily defeated the abyssal force they found, then they proceed to advance to the next node where they found a lot of fuel in some barrels.

'''[[Ikazuchi]] :''' Great ! More resources is always a good thing !

'''Maya :''' Okay compass girls, now move that needle to the south-east !

'''Compass girls :''' Don't underestimate us !

The compass then pointed to the... South-west.

'''Maya :''' Huuu ?! I'm gonna kill you you damn fairy !

'''Compass girls :''' Hahaha, just try.

Maya aimed for the fairies but they suddenly vanished in front of her.

'''Maya :''' Damnit, they are too fast...

'''Inazuma :''' The commander will be disapointed again nanodesu...

The fleet ended up another time in the dead end. When they returned, Inazuma immediately started to apologize.

'''Myschin :''' ... Let's say that the compass is broken...

'''Suna :''' Or you just don't have enough luck...

'''Myschin :''' Or it's the RNG-sama at work...

'''Maya :''' Damn, I am such a failure for your expectations ! I swear those compass girls will pay one day !

'''Myschin :''' Nah it's fine, we just have to be patient and try again and again until we will take the right path. But for now, let's take a break. We will start again after the quests's reset.
==The lesbian and the sadist==
'''Myschin :''' So I've tried to put the amount of resources for a Carrier in the Recipe, but the timer displayed 2 hours and 20 minutes, what does it mean ?

'''Suna :''' It means that you will get a Seaplane Tender.

'''Myschin :''' Fine by me, now I could finish that other quest.

Another Instant Construction material was used, and the shipgirl who came out of the recipe appeared quickly.

'''[[Chiyoda]] : '''Seaplane tender Chiyoda. My older sister Chitose isn't bothering you, is she ?

'''Suna, sighing :''' Oh great...

'''Myschin :''' Welcome in our naval base... Chitose isn't here so she can't bother me and...

'''Chiyoda :''' WHAAAT ?! My dear sister isn't here ?! NOOO !! I can't live without my sister Chitose !

'''Suna :''' See ? This is one of the worst case of lesbian that you can get.

'''Myschin :''' I can see that...

'''Chiyoda :''' Sister Chitose !!

'''Maya :''' The hell is wrong with her ?

'''Inazuma :''' She's scary-nanodesu.

'''Kuma :''' Even my little sisters aren't THAT lesbian kuma.

Chiyoda started to act crazy as she rolled on the floor.

'''Myschin :''' Damn, she is seriously sick. I have to do something with my cards. Suna, do you have any picture of that Chitose ?

'''Suna :''' Yes I have, why ?

'''Myschin :''' Show me please.

'''Suna :''' Ok, then what ?

'''Myschin :''' Wait a second, let me search if I have a ''Clone'' card among my creatures... Yes I have one.

The admiral snapped his fingers and the card transformed into Chitose.

'''Myschin :''' Ok, please go reassure that raging lesbian over there. Could you endure it until we find a real Chitose ?

'''Chitose-clone :''' Yes master.

'''Myschin :''' Chiyoda, come here for a second.

'''Chiyoda :''' Sis-sis-sister Chitose !

The Seaplane tender suddenly jumped on the clone and start to hug it.

'''Myschin :''' OK, please just do this in a room of your own.

----

'''Myschin :''' Damn, that was another hell of a experience. I have never seen such a lesbian before.

'''Suna :''' The real fun fact is that there is other raging lesbians among the shipgirls.

'''Myschin :''' we'll deal with them later. For now let the girls train themselves in the sea in front of the naval base in order to clear some daily quests.

'''[[Nagatsuki]] :''' Admiral, we have found 2 new comrades.

Nagatsuki introduced Suzukaze and Akatsuki to the admiral.

'''Myschin :''' Welcome in our naval base young ladies, please introduce yourselves.

'''[[Suzukaze]] :''' 'ello ! I'm Suzukaze. If I join the fleet it will be equivalent to 100 ships !

'''Myschin, can't hold his laugh :''' Pfff hahaha, you can't be the equivalent to 100 ships.

'''Suzukaze :''' Heyhey, it's an image, an image ! What I really want to say is that you can count on me !

'''Myschin :''' Somehow I really like your cheerful personality.

'''Suzukaze :''' Good ! So, who among my sisters is already here ?

'''Myschin :''' Yuudachi and Shigure.

'''Suzukaze :''' Ooh, then I'll have to take care of my good ol' Samidare whe she will arrive.

'''Myschin :''' Ok good, and you are...

'''[[Akatsuki]] :''' I'm Akatsuki ! Treat me like the fully-fledged lady that I am please !

'''Myschin :''' Can I say something ?

'''Akatsuki :''' Please do.

'''Myschin :''' I think your body is still the body of a child...

'''Akatsuki :''' How mean of you !

'''Myschin :''' Wait, let me finish please. And I think that you can still have the maturiry of a real lady.

'''Akatsuki :''' Weeell, there is a lot of admirals who like to make fun of me...

'''Myschin :''' Because once one of your duplicate said 'elephant' instead of 'elegant' ?

'''Akatsuki :''' Yes...

'''Myschin :''' Fear not, I will not tease you for that. Just be yourself and things will goes well. But can I still pat your head sometimes ?

'''Akatsuki :''' I want to say that I'm not a child anymore but... Well sometimes it's good to remain a child.

'''Myschin :''' Perfect. So now you two can live the life you want here... Come to think about it, Akatsuki, all of your sisters are already here. You are the first class of Destroyers that are reunited in this base.

'''Akatsuki :''' Oooh, I will look for them !

The 2 Destroyers left the office and Tenryuu entered in soon after that.

'''Tenryuu :''' Yo admiral ! The expedition was a success !

'''Myschin :''' Good to heard ! Now I can clear that quest who requires to do 10 quests in a day.

the admiral turned on the TV screen.

'''Myschin :''' Ooyodo, we are done with the expedition quest.

'''[[Ooyodo]] :''' Good work admiral, but you have another finished quest you know ?

'''Myschin :''' Ah ? Which one ?

'''Ooyodo :''' The one who required you to sortie a Torpedo squadron with 1 Light cruiser as the flagship and 3 Destroyers.

'''Myschin :''' OK then it's good right ? There is a reward for it ?

'''Ooyodo :''' Yes ! The Headquarters will assign a new girl to your base.

'''Myschin :''' Who ?

'''Ooyodo :''' [[Tatsuta]].

'''Myschin, Tenryuu :''' Whaaat ?!

'''Ooyodo :''' She will be there in a few minutes.

'''Myschin :''' Waitwaitwait a second ! I don't want Tatsuta to come this earlier !

'''Ooyodo :''' You can't refuse this assignment admiral.

'''Myschin :''' Aww shit.

'''Tenryuu :''' Goodbye my freedom... It was nice to know you for a single day...

'''Myschin :''' Oh wait a second Tenryuu, did you remember what I told you yesterday ?

'''Tenryuu :''' Eh.. You mean about teaching a lesson or something to Tatsuta ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes.

'''Tenryuu :''' I'm afraid that you can't do this without injuring yourself admiral.

'''Myschin :''' We will see about that when she will be here.

A few time after, a girl with purple hairs who was holding a glaive entered the admiral's office.

'''Tatsuta :''' Nice to meet you, I'm Tatsuta~. I hope Tenryuu-chan hasn't been causing you trouble?

'''Tenryuu :''' Derp ! Cut if off with the tease please !

'''Tatsuta :''' Oh no~ Tenryuu-chan, because I'm going to bully you a looot~.

'''Myschin :''' Erm erm !

'''Tatsuta :''' Oh~ ? Are you perhaps the admiral here ? I will teach you to don't interfere with me when I want to tease Tenryuu-chan~, unless if you want to die~

Then she licked hey glaive.

'''Tatsuta :''' Yes~ ! Tenryuu-chan is mine~, and no one else is allowed to even look at her~

'''Myschin :''' You are really sick...

'''Tatsuta :''' Don't blame me if you will loose a hand or a whole arm soon admiral~

'''Myschin :''' OK, let's settle this right there, right now. We will have a battle and the looser will have to obey the winner forever.

'''Tatsuta :''' Fufufu~ all right ! I will make you my personal slave then~

'''Myschin :''' Tenryuu, please leave this room, it could become extremely violent.

'''Tenryuu :''' Are you really sure about that admiral.

Then the admiral looked at Tenryuu with a serious expression in his eyes.

'''Myschin :''' Yes.

'''Tatsuta :''' Oh oh ? Are you perhaps a bit less carefree than you would let sound admiral ?

'''Myschin :''' Maybe.

Then Tenryuu left the room. Some Destroyers came to see what's going on.

'''Tenryuu :''' The admiral has said that no one must enter his office by now.

'''Inazuma :''' Eh ? But why ?

'''Tenryuu :''' He said he will teach a lesson to Tatsuta but...

'''Inazuma :''' I'm scared-nanodesu...

'''Tenryuu ''': Why ?

'''Inazuma :''' Because I saw how serious was the admiral well he said to me that he don't like Tatsuta that much.

'''[[Shigure]] :''' And how serious he was ?

Then suddenly a loud scream was heard by everyone in front of the door.

'''Maya :''' The heck was that ?!

'''Tenryuu :''' It can't be Tatsuta's voice right ?!

'''[[Hatsushimo]] :''' I'm really feeling uneasy right now !

She wasn't the sole to feel that something went wrong on the other side of the door. A few second after, the uneasy feeling completely vanished and the door was opened by the admiral.

'''Myschin :''' ... Ah... Oops... I suppose that everyone here felt that something wasn't right ?

'''Everyone :''' Yes !

'''Inazuma :''' What happened-nanodesu ?

'''Myschin :''' Let's just say that it was an unseen awesomeness.

'''Tenryuu :''' Wait what ? But what happened to Tatsuta then ?!

'''Myschin :''' Ah, she... Hey Tatsuta, Tenryuu is worried about you know ?

'''Tatsuta :''' Nononono ! Tell Tenryuu that I'm perfectly fine !

Everyone can see that she holds to peeing herself on.

'''Tenryuu :''' Seriously what happened ?

'''Tatsuta :''' Nothing happened okay ?! I promise I will not tease you anymore Tenryuu !

'''Kuma :''' You gave her a trauma or something like that kuma ?

'''Myschin :''' We can said that, yes. Now Tatsuta, will you be a good and kind roommate with Tenryuu ?

'''Tatsuta :''' Yes admiral !!

'''Myschin :''' Don't forget that if Tenryuu tell me that something bad will happen to her, we will have another battle together Tatsuta !

'''Tatsuta :''' YEEES ADMIRAL I WON'T FORGET !!

From that moment, every shipgirl swore that she will never make the admiral very angry or something like that. Later on...

'''Myschin :''' I think I have overdone it...

'''Inazuma :''' Commander, could you tell me what really happened-nanodesu ? I'm really worried.

'''Myschin :''' Do you really want to know ?

'''Inazuma :''' Y-Yes !

'''Myschin :''' OK, so I used some of my creatures to deal with Tatsuta.

'''Inazuma :''' What kind of creatures ?

The admiral showed a single card to Inazuma

'''Inazuma :''' 'Eldrazi Spawn' ? What is that ? It look really bad !

'''Myschin :''' Let's say it's a really tiny fraction of the ancient world-destructive beings that I've fought before I became an admiral. But to think that the weakest spawns can inflict such a trauma to Tatsuta, I'm impressed in some way. I have done well with taming them.
==On the way to unlock the third fleet==
'''Myschin :''' Doing some expeditions, it's nice and everything, but while they are on their way to gather resources, we can't do other expeditions...

'''Ooyodo :''' Admiral, you need to unlock the third and the fourth fleet.

'''Myschin :''' And how I can do that ?

'''Ooyodo :''' To unlock the third fleet, you need to have all 3 sisters in the Sendai-class Light cruiser.

'''Suna :''' It's very easy you know ?

'''Myschin :''' You're telling this to an admiral who not even met a single Naka so far ! Yeah, Naka this, Naka that, 'The most common ship' when you try to build something else, this disgusting joke about 2-4-11... Can I say 'Sendai-class ? Never heard of them !' ?

'''Suna :''' Hey hey, it's way too early for that !

'''Myschin :''' Ok ok...

Kuroshio entered the office.

'''[[Kuroshio]] :''' Ola admiral, we have met 3 new girls while we trained.

'''Myschin :''' Oh ? Please let them come in.

Then the 3 new girls came to introduce themselves.

'''[[Hatsuyuki]] :''' I'm... Hatsuyuki...

'''Myschin :''' ...

'''Hatsuyuki :''' ...

'''Myschin :''' ... Yes ? And ?

'''Hatsuyuki :''' ... Nice to meet you... Can I go sleep now ?

'''Myschin :''' So you are a very lazy girl eh ? Do I have to say that there is 2 of your sisters here ?

'''Hatsuyuki :''' It's nice... Thank... You

'''Myschin :''' So lazy that even speaking requires you a lot of efforts... Ok fine, your sisters will take care of you I guess. Next please

'''[[Kisaragi]] :''' Fufufu♪ My name is Kisaragi. Please keep me by your side. And by your side, I mean by your side in your bed♥

'''Myschin :''' Is this a joke ?

'''Kisaragi :''' Who knows♥ ?

'''Myschin :''' ... So you think more with your genital parts than with your brain...

'''Kisaragi :''' My my my admiral, don't flatter me like that♪

'''Myschin :''' If you're looking for a relation with me, just forget it.

'''Kisaragi :''' My, now I just want you more fufufu♥

'''Myschin :''' You're a real glue pot.

'''Kisaragi :''' I'm getting wet right now♥

The admiral suddenly started to pat Kisaragi's head.

'''Myschin :''' Hey, please don't say such words in front of other peoples, I don't really think you are a bad girl... Maybe a lewd one, but also a kind one and... Kisaragi, do you even listen ?

'''Kisaragi :''' Oh no, my hair's ruined !

'''Myschin :''' Eh ?

'''Kisaragi :''' Admiral you meanie ! Now I have to take care of my hairs again !

'''Myschin :''' Wait, didn't you want...

The admiral didn't have time to finish his sentence because Kisaragi was gone already, Nagatsuki came in the office a few second later.

'''Nagatsuki :''' Admiral, I've met my lewd sister in the corridor.

'''Myschin :''' Ah ? I think she's necessarily went into a bathroom.

'''Nagatsuki :''' For sure... I guess you find her weak point ?

'''Myschin :''' Messing his hairs ?

'''Nagatsuki :''' Yes, it works pretty well.

'''Myschin :''' I'll keep that in mind.

'''[[Arashio]] :''' Oh my oh my commander, don't forget that I'm still here. Oh, I haven't introduced myself yet, have I ? My name is Arashio.

'''Myschin :''' Ah sorry, welcome in our naval base.

'''Arashio :''' Ufufufufu♪ ! Oh my, thank you admiral.

'''Myschin :''' Don't tell me that you are also a lewd girl ?

'''Arashio :''' Oh my ! No, nope ! Maybe a little too~ carefree.

'''Myschin :''' You're saying 'Oh my' a lot don't you ?

'''Arashio :''' Is that so~ ?

'''Myschin :''' Anyway, almost all your sisters are there.

'''Arashio :''' Yay~, can I go meet them commander ?

'''Myschin :''' Please do.

Arashio left the office

'''Myschin :''' Pfiou, what kind of weird combo is that ? I got 1 lazy, 1 lewd and 1 lunatic.

'''Nagatsuki :''' Are you alright commander ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes. By the way, would you like to join the fleet who will try to go into the Coastal Refinery Zone again ?

'''Nagatsuki :''' I really want, please !

Then once again, the fleet led by Maya went to the infamous area again.

'''Compass girls :''' Hey, you hothead girl who only think with guns instead of brain !

'''Maya :''' Me ?

'''Compass girls :''' Yeah you ! Don't you want to try to kill us this time ?

'''Maya :''' Forget it, you are too damn fast !

'''Compass girls :''' Nyahahah !

And fot the countlessth time, the fleet went through a storm and ended up in the dead again, but this time, they've met 2 new comrades on the road. After they returned, the fleet girls went to the admiral's office.

'''Maya :''' Operation complete... In a way again.

'''Myschin :''' I'm still surprised that I haven't snapped before.

'''Maya :''' But we have found 2 new comrades. One of them is a junkie.

'''??? :''' Who said that I'm a junkie ?! You're so wrong !

The new girl revealed herself.

'''[[Sendai]] :''' Sendai has arrived. Please leave the night battle to me.

'''Myschin :''' Oh my god ! I want to laugh so hard right now !

'''Sendai :''' Eh ? Why ?

'''Myschin :''' Because you are the first sister of the Sendai-class who came here you know ?

'''Sendai :''' No way ! I'm the first ?!

'''Myschin :''' Yup ! I was looking for you, but I didn't except to get you before your sisters.

'''Sendai :''' So hum... Admiral, do you like night battles ?

'''Myschin :''' Depends on how you mean by night battles ?

'''Sendai :''' Of course I'm talking about the Yasens on the battlefield ! It's so exciting to battle in the night !

'''Myschin :''' Perfect, I already like you much more than I expected.

'''Sendai :''' Eheh... Thank you admiral.

'''Myschin :''' And who is the other girl ?

'''Maya :''' Hey ! Where did she go ?

'''Inazuma :''' I've lost sight of her-nanodesu.

'''[[Wakaba]] :''' I'm here you know ?

In fact she was right in front of every other shipgirls, but because she was so silent that nobody noticed she was here.

'''Wakaba :''' I'm the Destroyer Wakaba.

'''Myschin :''' Hum welcome in our base ?

'''Wakaba :''' Yes thank you, but please don't mind me that much. It's not because I have a stiff expression on my face. It's just because sometime I don't sleep for 24 hours, or I just want to be with my sister Hatsushimo. Is she here by any chance ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes, you're the last Hatsuharu-class who came in our base.

'''Wakaba :''' I'm glad. Then I'll silently go find Hatsushimo.

'''Myschin :''' Why don't go normally ?

'''Wakaba :''' Because I want to be quiet and not disburb the others. That's why nobody here didn't notice me. And Hatsushimo love me that way.

'''Myschin :''' Okay... Now Sendai, you need more experience. Please go train yourself in the sea in front the naval base.

'''Sendai :''' Roger ! I hope there will be some night battles !

After Sendai has left the office, the admiral talked with some other girls.

'''Myschin :''' I really have big expectations from Sendai.

'''Nagatsuki :''' She can't be the sole shipgirl for which you expect something right ?

'''Myschin :''' I also expect all of you there to become strong enough to protect your sisters and the base.

'''Inazuma :''' Such responsability-nanodesu...

'''Maya :''' It will be fine, don't worry. I'll protect you until that day.

'''Myschin :''' In fact, it could come faster than we think...

'''Kuma :''' Why kuma ?

'''Myschin :''' Because there will be soon a major operation right ? An Event in the middle of the Summer.

'''Inazuma :''' But admiral, you are still a newly assigned one right ? Do you really think you can do something about it ? Summer Events have the reputation to be the hardests in the year.

'''Myschin :''' I know... Suna didn't clear the AL/MI Event because it was very hard.

'''Suna :''' Please don't bring back that subject... Oh god the Double Dyson !

'''Maya :''' Oh god, the AL/MI Event. Almost as bad as the Iron Bottom Sound one.

'''Myschin :''' I know someone [http://mereck.ha.tsunde.re/?p=194 who tried] the Iron Bottom Sound Event and failed to do it even with the sacrifial runs.

'''Kuma :''' Everybody had very bad memories about THAT map kuma.

'''Myschin :''' Yeah...

Suddenly, they heird a familiar voice.

'''Sendai :''' Hey ! I'm back, and hurry up you !

'''??? :''' You run too fast nee-san !

'''Myschin :''' Wait what ?!

Sendai entered the office with an other girl, who was none other than Jintsuu.

'''Sendai :''' Look ! Look ! Isn't that great ? I've found one of my little sisters.

'''[[Jintsuu]] :''' Uh, I'm the Light Cruiser Jintsuu. So, I would appreciate your favor...

'''Myschin :''' Welcome to our naval base... Don't worry if you seems lost at first sight... Just ask Kuma, Tenryuu or even me if you need to know anything.

'''Jintsuu :''' Hmm... Hmm... I'm really nervous right now... Can I take some rest please ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes you can.

'''Sendai :''' So admiral, now we only need my cute little sister Naka and we will be reunite.

'''Myschin :''' That's a problem in some way. Suna, have you already heard of an admiral who really need Naka more than any other shipgirl ?

'''Suna :''' Nope !

'''Myschin :''' Then, I am the first. I also noticed that Jintsuu somehow lack confidence in herself... Please don't be too rude with her Sendai. And continue your training please.

'''Sendai :''' Okay.

Later that night, Sendai also brought back Yura and Ushio to the base.

'''[[Yura]] :''' Fourth ship of the Nagara-class Light Cruisers, 'Yura'. Pleased to make your acquaintance !

'''Myschin :''' Welcome in our base... Nagara-class ? So are you by chance a sister of Natori.

'''Yura :''' Yes I am, why ?

'''Myschin :''' Could you look after her to make her feel better ? Since she arrived, she has some difficulties to make some friends. Kuma helped her so far but I really think that a sister of her can be a better support.

'''Yura :''' I understand, you can count on me... Is Yuudachi here by any chance ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes, is she an acquaintance of you ?

'''Yura :''' Yup, she's my cute little kouhai...

'''Myschin :''' Please don't tell me that you are a lesbian.

'''Yura :''' No, fear not, but I know how to make this girl feel good. She is a good little puppy after all.

'''Myschin :''' Fine, you can leave now... And it's your turn miss...

'''[[Ushio]] :''' I'm Special-type Destroyer... Ayanami-class 'Ushio'. It would be nice to be dismissed soon...

'''Myschin :''' Wait, I'm not going to eat you or something.

'''Ushio :''' ...

'''Myschin :''' Wait, aren't you that Destroyer who... Hide his big chest ?

'''Ushio, sighed :''' Here we go again...

'''Myschin :''' ... OK don't say anything else. Sexual abuses, rape or other similar disgusting things ?

'''Ushio :''' Yeah, but I'm used to it, really...

'''Myschin :''' That's no good ! I want you to live a peaceful life there.

'''Ushio :''' What does this mean ?

'''Myschin :''' You can live here without thinking about all those atrocities who were announced earlier.

'''Ushio :''' Really ?

'''Myschin :''' To sum up quickly, yes. I've said the same thing to Natori yesterday. The sole problem here will that you actually are the sole member of the 7th Destroyer Division.

'''Ushio :''' Uuuh, I'm sorry for that.

'''Myschin :''' It's not your fault and... Wait, there is Shikinami, she is your sister right ?

'''Ushio :''' Yes. I'm relieved...

'''Myschin :''' Please join her as soon as possible if you can feel better this way.
==Finally !==
The next day...

'''Myschin :''' I've put 250 fuel, 130 Ammo, 200 steel and 30 bauxite in those two Recipes and the timer displays 1 hour for the first... For sure it will be Naka ! The second displays 1 hour and 30 minutes so... Another Heavy cruiser will join our base and that's cool !

'''Suna :''' Do you know that you can see who are you currently build with the Viewer Device ?

'''Myschin :''' Eh ? But where is the surprise then ? That's not funny at all.

'''Suna :''' Each people has his own way of seeing things.

'''Myschin :''' We're not in a hurry today so I can wait for more than an hour.

While returning to his office, the admiral met Jintsuu on the path.

'''Myschin :''' Ah, good morning Jintsuu, did you took a rest and feel better now ?

'''Jintsuu :''' Yes admiral, I feel better...

'''Myschin :''' Are you shy by any chance ?

'''Jintsuu :''' Let's say that I don't like to be in the spotlight. Forgive me for that.

'''Myschin :''' It's fine. Could I ask you to go into the sea in front of the naval base in order to gain some experience.

'''Jintsuu :''' Yes... I want to become stronger...

Then the admiral spent the rest of the morning playing with the Destroyers, until...

'''Myschin :''' Oops ! I forgot that we have two new shipgirls in the Recipes !

'''[[Yuudachi]] :''' Come back admiral, we're not finished yet-poi !

'''Inazuma :''' He will return later Yuudachi-chan.

He ran to the Construction Dock and opened the first Recipe.

'''Myschin :''' Please show yourself Naka, I beg of you !

'''[[Kako]] : '''Second Furutaka Class Heavy Cruiser, name's Kako ! Nice to meetcha !

'''Myschin :''' Hu wait what ?! Aren't you a Heavy cruiser ?

'''Kako :''' Yes, why ?

'''Myschin :''' But the timer displayed 1 hour...

'''Kako :''' Who cares ? I'm here now and it's for good, right ?

'''Myschin :''' Hmm yes, although I've wanted to meet Naka instead.

'''Kako :''' Hey, I'm pretty strong you know ?

'''Myschin :''' I imagine, since you're a Heavy cruiser...

'''Kako :''' However, there is a problem you see ?

'''Myschin :''' Hm ?

'''Kako :''' I'm narcoleptic.

'''Myschin :''' Ah...

Then Kako suddenly fell asleep while still standing.

'''Myschin :''' M'okay, I see the whole thing... Hey wake up Kako !

'''Kako :''' Zzzz... Nya... mfufufu. Whoa ! I'm not sleeping ! I was awake, I was.

'''Myschin :''' I don't mind if you sleep whenever it can happen but... Please don't it here. Do it a place where if you fall on the ground you will not hurt yourself.

'''Kako :''' Whoa, you mean that I can sleep whenever I want ?!

'''Myschin :''' As long as you do some training sometimes, yes. Since you're my second Heavy cruiser, I will count on you a lot of time during those next days. We will try to go again in the Coastal Refinery Zone today...

'''Kako :''' OK, I'll do my best then !

'''Myschin :''' Now, let's open the second Recipe...

'''[[Mogami]] :''' I'm Mogami. It's alright, I won't collide with anyone this time. Really !

'''Myschin :''' Welcome in our naval base... What do you mean by 'won't collide this time' ?

'''Mogami :''' Erm... I collided at least 3 times in my past life you see...

'''Myschin :''' ... I hope you are not clumsy ?

'''Mogami :''' No, let's say that I was unlucky that time, really !

'''Myschin :''' Can I ask you something ?

'''Mogami :''' Yes ?

'''Myschin :''' I've done some research and... You're a part of the Nishimura fleet, right ?

'''Mogami :''' Yes.

'''Myschin :''' Could you look after Shigure and Michishio ? Especially Shigure in fact, that poor girl can't sleep well those days.

'''Mogami :''' Leave it to me !

'''Myschin :''' I'm glad to heard that...

----

In the beginning of the afternoon...

'''Myschin :''' OK. Inazuma, Nagatsuki, Kako, Maya, Sendai and Jintsuu. Here we go again for the... Didn't count-th time into that damn Coastal Refinery Zone. I don't know if we will manage to reach the boss's lair this time, but let be optimistic for a change.

'''Inazuma :''' Yes, we can't go forever in the south-nanodesu...

'''Maya :''' I don't give a fuck about what will happen honestly.

'''Sendai :''' I just hope there will be a night battle at least.

The fleet went into the area again, and they started by going to the east first.

'''Nagatsuki :''' It's a good start but we can't predict where this damn compass will guide us...

'''Compass girls :''' Hey hey hey, it's that fleet of loosers again !

Nobody, even Maya, said anything.

'''Compass girls :''' Oh come on ! We feast on your insults ! Ah, why are you not in the mood today ?!

Then, the admiral grabbed the microphone.

'''Myschin :''' Just spin your compass and don't bully my shipgirls OK ?

'''Compass girls :''' Tch !

And then a ray of sunlight pierced through the cloudy sky : The needle pointed to the South-East

'''Everyone :''' FINALLY !

'''Compass girls :''' Aaaargh no way !!

'''Myschin :''' OK girls ! Give everything you've got !

'''Every shipgirl :''' YES !

The fleet finally reached the boss's lair, but the atmosphere instantly becomes heavier.

'''Inazuma :''' I-I can feel a very menacing aura-nanodesu...

'''Maya :''' Dman, what's that feeling ? I'm freezing right now !

'''Sendai :''' I guess it's because we can see that the enemy brings "her".

Sendai spoke of an abyssal ship that look nothing like what they had seen so far : a Battleship Ru-class.

'''Ru-class :''' ...

'''Kako :''' I have a bad feeling.

Then the Ru-class aimed for Maya and took her down in a single attack.

'''Maya : '''Don't joke with me ! J...just wait and see !

'''Jintsuu :''' Don't push yourself like that Maya, you're now in a heavily damaged state.

Then the Chi-class who was also there fired on Nagatsuki and easily defeated her.

'''Nagatsuki :''' I got attacked... ?! Not a direct hit, though...

'''Sendai :''' Aaah stop right there you devilish abyssals !

The Light cruiser aimed for an enemy Destroyer and sunk it in one attack. Then Kako sunk the Chi-class with a double attack. Inazuma and Jintsuu tried to shoot the Ru-class but the battleship didn't seems to feel anything at all.

'''Inazuma :''' So-so strong...

'''Jintsuu :''' Watch out Inazuma !!

Jintsuu pushed Inazuma out of the way and took a torpedo fired by the Light cruiser He-class, leaving her in a moderately damaged state.

'''Jintsuu :''' It hurts !!

'''Sendai :''' That damn battleship is too strong !

'''Inazuma :''' Ad-admiral ! Please give us an advice-nanodesu.

'''Myschin :''' Give me a status report please.

'''Inazuma :''' Maya and Nagatsuki are in a heavily damaged state and can't fight anymore. Jintsuu is moderately damaged and can still fight. Kako, Sendai and myself are still fine... We sunk 1 Destroyer and a Torpedo Cruiser in the enemy fleet. The enemy battleship is still standing with 2 other ships.

'''Myschin :''' Prepare to go into Night Battle Mode !

'''Sendai :''' Yeees !

The sun went down very quickly around the two fleets and the night came as fast.

'''Myschin :''' Inazuma, try to sink their Destroyer or the Light Cruiser !

'''Inazuma :''' I'll try !

She managed to hit the Light Cruiser He-class, leaving him unable to attack due to the heavy damaged state, but unfortunately, the Ru-class also did the same to Jintsuu

'''Kako :''' Eat this Kako special !

Kako managed to sink the last Destroyer.

'''Sendai :''' Now, night battle with me my dear battleship !

'''Myschin :''' Hey, don't try to aim at the Light cruiser !

'''Sendai :''' There is NO way that I miss their battleship, trust me admiral !

Then Sendai managed to deal a critical hit on the Ru-class, but not enough to sink her.

'''Sendai :''' Damnit !

While the battle ended, Ru-class and He-class quickly ran away from them.

'''Inazuma :''' Eh ? What does it means ?

'''Kako :''' Maybe we have won ?

Suddenly, an announcement was heird by everyone

'''Mysterious voice :''' Congratulations, you have won that battle with a A-Rank victory.

'''Myschin :''' Wut ?

Nobody immediately realizes that it meant.

'''Myschin :''' Wait, does it means that we can now advance to a further area ?! YES ! You did it girls ! I'm so proud of you !

'''Kako :''' Admiral there are several injuries on our side.

'''Myschin :''' OK, please escort them to the base, they deserve a well deserved rest.

'''Inazuma :''' Wait, there is also an another new comrade-nanodesu

'''Myschin :''' Bring her back too.

----

'''??? :''' Oooh, it's you Ru-class. What happened ?

'''Ru-class :''' A new admiral has took command of the naval base that we monitor for several days.

'''???? :''' Ohoh... So you came back to warn us about that new admiral ? How nice of you.

'''Ru-class :''' ... I think it's time to send a Carrier force to stop him.

'''??? :''' Yes, we have someone here who can't wait to fight.

'''Aircraft Carrier Wo-Class :''' Wo ! It is my turn ?

'''???? :''' Yes ! Go stop that new admiral at Nansei islands. Ru-class, you're going too, just in case.

'''Ru-class :''' Understand !

'''??? :''' Sooo... A new admiral hu ? We will not going easy on him ! How's the progress of our operation for the next Event ?

'''???? :''' Huhuhu, Even the veterans will learn that Iron Bottom Sound and AL/MI were only the beginning of their worst nightmares !

==The arrival of the idol==
'''[[Isuzu]] :''' I'm Isuzu. Leave the torpedo squadrons to me. I'll bring victory to the Admiral with all my power. Pleased to meet you.

'''Myschin :''' Welcome in our naval base Isuzu.

'''Isuzu :''' OK admiral, I have a question : what do you know about radars ?

'''Myschin :''' Hm ? Why did you ask that ?

'''Isuzu, with a sarcastic voice :''' C'mon, it's easy to guess no ?

'''Myschin, confused :''' I really don't know honestly !

'''Isuzu :''' No way, every admiral in all the naval bases know about the 'Isuzu farming' !

'''Myschin :''' Hu ? 'Isuzu farming' ?! The heck is that ?

'''Isuzu :''' Do you plan to keep all my duplicates in order to train them, then steal their [[Type 21 Air RADAR]] after remodeling them and then scrap or use them in modernisation.

'''Myschin :''' ... I will be honest Isuzu, if I have to do this, it will be with no more than 1 other duplicate, and I'll not scrap or use her in modernisation. I'll send her to the civilian life.

'''Isuzu :''' Humpf, at least you seem to be sincere in your words.

'''Myschin :''' Let me tell you that Natori and Yura are already here... Can you look after Natori ?

'''Isuzu :''' Damn, don't tell me that you tried to...

'''Myschin :''' NO !

'''Isuzu :''' Wait, I didn't even finished my sentence.

'''Myschin :''' My main objective as an admiral is to let everyone live a happy life here, and in the future, bring this war with the abyssals to an end, and not spend good time with large-chested girls.

'''Isuzu :''' Eeeh ? Really ?

'''[[Natori]] :''' He says the truth Isuzu...

'''Isuzu :''' Natori ?!

Natori and Yura just entered the admiral's office.

'''Natori :''' Isuzu, I can have faith in someone who never touched me until now.

'''Isuzu :''' ... I... OK... Sorry that I doubted of you admiral...

'''Myschin :''' Do you really think it will end here just like that ? I'm going to punish you.

'''Isuzu :''' Yes, I'll accept my punishment no matter what...

'''Myschin :''' Good, now go train yourself in the sea around this base ! If you want to bring me victory with all your power, then why did you still wait ?

'''Isuzu, smiling :''' ... Yes admiral !

Isuzu left the office with her sisters.

'''Suna :''' Hey, why don't you try to go in the fourth area ?

'''Myschin :''' Ooyodo told me earlier that a abyssal carrier force moved to around the Nansei island... And I don't think that my shipgirls can deal with enemy carrier.

'''Suna :''' Why don't you try to build a carrier yourself then ?

'''Myschin :''' I'm waiting for the quests's reset. I really want to build Shoukaku or Zuikaku...

'''Suna :''' Don't you dream too much here ? You are still newly assigned. Your first carrier could be Akagi you know ?

'''Myschin :''' I, like, really don't want to depends on the 1st CarDiv. They are too strong ! I want to give a chance to the others !

'''Suna :''' Soon you will learn that Akagi and Kaga are indispensables.

'''Myschin :''' Maybe, maybe, but I don't wan't to deal with these stomach on legs now.

Several girls were training in the seas around the naval base, until Isuzu brings back someone.

'''Isuzu :''' Hey admiral, I've found that weird girl while I was training.

'''[[Naka]] :''' I'm not weird ! I'm the fleet's idol !

'''Myschin :''' Someone calls Sendai and Jintsuu now !

Sendai and Jintsuu arrived immediately at the office.

'''Sendai :''' Finally !

'''Jintsuu :''' Nee-chan...

'''Naka :''' Nice to meet you admiral !

'''Myschin, smiling :''' Yes, nice to meet you too Naka...

'''Naka :''' Eh ? Why are you so happy ?

'''Myschin :''' We can finally have a third fleet !

'''Naka :''' So I was useful ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes, but Naka, please listen to me...

'''Naka :''' Yes ?

Naka noticed the admiral's serious tone in his voice

'''Myschin :''' I swear I will NEVER scrap any of your duplicates, nor do any 2-4-11 jokes with you. You are as important as any other member of our force here. I will count on you too. All I want is to let you have a peaceful life in this base with you sisters.

'''Naka :''' Eheh, I already know that.

'''Myschin :''' Eh ?

'''Naka :''' I've read the beginning of this history earlier on a website named Kancolle wikia.

The admiral, Sendai, Jintsuu and Isuzu remained speechless for several moments... (Naka ! Don't break the fourth wall just like that please !!)

'''Naka :''' Ah I'm sorry, really.

'''Myschin :''' Whatever, Naka is now in your care Sendai.

'''Sendai :''' No problemo ! Jintsuu will help me.

'''Jintsuu :''' Yes...

'''Myschin :''' Now that the third fleet is unlock, we can run more expeditions and that's good because we can clear some quests more quickly and gather more resources faster.

In the afternoon, the fleet brought back 4 more new shipgirls to the base.

'''Myschin : '''Welcome in our base ladies, I am the admiral and I want you to live a peaceful life here. If you have any questions, you can ask me later. Introduce yourselves by order of arrival please.

'''[[Ooshio]] :''' Destroyer class, Ooshio~ ! A small body with a large torpedoes ! Leave it to me.

'''Myschin :''' You seem to be an energetic girl...

'''Ooshio :''' Yes I am~ !

'''Myschin :''' I think that you are the last of the Asashio-class who came here, so enjoy your new life with your sisters !

'''Ooshio :''' Wouhou~ !

'''Myschin :''' ...Don't stand there and please go find them now, I see that you can't wait.

'''Ooshio :''' Waaah, really ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes.

'''Ooshio :''' Thank you very much commander !

She left so fast that even Shimakaze couldn't follow her.

'''Myschin :''' ... Yeah VERY energetic in fact... Next is...

'''[[Mutsuki]] :''' Me me me ! I'm Mutsuki. Let's work together !

'''Myschin :''' So you are Kisaragi's big sister ?

'''Mutsuki :''' Yes ! Is she already there ?

'''Myschin, laughing :''' Yeah, probably in a bathroom, combing his hair.

'''Mutsuki :''' Aaaah Kisaragi ! I will teach you 2 or 3 things those days !

'''Myschin :''' Do you like your sister or... ?

'''Mutsuki :''' Yes ! I need to take care of her sometimes, but she don't listen to me that often.

'''Myschin :''' I want to say 'Do your best', but Nagatsuki is already here and she seems to have some fun while messing with her.

'''Mutsuki :''' Nagatsuki knows to be obeyed when she is serious.

'''Myschin :''' Good, then our next new shipgirl is...

'''[[Murasame]] : '''Yes ye~s ! I'm the Shiratsuyu-class destroyer 'Murasame' ! Everyone, nice to meet you !

'''Myschin :''' Ah, what a shame...

'''Murasame :''' Eh, whatwhat ? Do you want to consult with me ?

'''Myschin :''' You are the third Shiratsuyu-class to come here...

'''Murasame :''' Yes, and... ?

'''Myschin :''' And Shiratsuyu herself will be the last of your four...

'''Murasame :''' Oh my, don't worry about that admiral. By the way...

'''Myschin :''' Yes ?

'''Murasame :''' Will you accompany me so that I can buy a new swimsuit ?

'''Myschin :''' You too ? Yuudachi said the same thing earlier.

'''Murasame :''' Ad-mi-ral~, it's summer, and we like to be in swimsuit with this nice weather.

'''Myschin :''' ... You are too close.

'''Murasame :''' Oops sorry sorry admiral~

'''Myschin :''' ... You try to seduce me right ?

'''Murasame :''' Maybe~, but wait until I get my remodel for that.

'''Myschin, sighing :''' Oh yeah, it will be another fantastic case... Why do I think that you will be a good friend of Kisaragi.

'''Murasame :''' Eh eh eh, but I have my best friend here.

'''[[Satsuki]] :''' I'm Satsuki. Good to meet ya !

'''Myschin :''' I've been waiting for you...

'''Satsuki :''' Ah ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes, you are such a cutie.

Satsuki immediately started to blush.

'''Satsuki :''' B-b-but I speak like a tomboy ! I'm so boyish too you know ?

'''Myschin :''' And ? I like you the way you are...

'''Murasame :''' Admiral, why do you speak with kind words to her and not to me ?

'''Myschin :''' Are you jealous ?

'''Murasame :''' Yes, a little !

'''Myschin :''' Still, you two form a strange pair.

'''Satsuki, Murasame :''' Eh ?

'''Myschin :''' One is a tomboy, the other is very girly... You could make a nice couple.

'''Satsuki, embarrassed :''' Please don't say things like that !

'''Myschin :''' I'm sorry. Now you can join your sisters.

'''Satsuki :''' Thank you commander

'''Murasame :''' And after that, can we go shopping somewhere ?

'''Myschin :''' Do as your wish.

==The wrong carrier==
'''Inazuma :''' Are you sure about your choice commander ?

'''Myschin :''' Yes, we really need to add at least 1 carrier in our force before trying to defend the Nansei islands. So let's put 300 fuel 30 ammo 600 steel and 400 bauxite into those 2 Recipes.

After that the admiral pushed the button to start the constructions, the timers displayed 2 hours 50 minutes and 4 hours 20 minutes.

'''Myschin :''' What kind of ship will appear with those times ?

'''Suna :''' Erm... Please tell me again who are you wishing for ?

'''Myschin, excited :''' Shoukaku or Zuikaku ! It is one of them ?!

'''Suna :''' Let's cut that out now. No, it's not a 5th CarDiv Carrier.

'''Myschin :''' Awww

'''Suna :''' You will have a bad surprise...

'''Myschin :''' Let's see, call the flame-throwing fairy please.

The fairy burned up the 2 Recipes, then the admiral opened the first one.

'''[[Ryuujou]] :''' Light aircraft carrier, Ryuujou ! Ain't my silhouette distinctive ? But, launching carrier planes one-after-another makes me a proper carrier, ya know ! You can count on me !

'''Myschin :''' ...

'''Ryuujou :''' Do I have something on my face ?

'''Myschin :''' You... You are a light carrier ?

'''Ryuujou :''' Of course I am !

'''Myschin :''' YEEES ! You are now a precious addition to our base ! Welcome light aircraft carrier Ryuujou.

'''Ryuujou :''' Oh oh ? I am that precious ?

'''Myschin :''' Yup, you are our first carrier to be assigned here. We will count on you in the near future.

'''Ryuujou :''' All right ! I'll do my best then, and I'll show you my true power !

'''Myschin :''' Good ! Now let's open that second Recipe !

A lot of smoke came out of it.

'''Suna :''' Let me tell you something Myschin, the timer you got could only led into 3 choices, the 2 Fusou-class Battleships or...

'''[[Kaga]] :''' I'm aircraft carrier Kaga. Are you my Admiral ?... I have fairly high expectations of you.

'''Suna :''' Ah, you lucky admiral ! Myschin ?

The admiral had his chin hanging a few centimeters of the soil.

'''Inazuma :''' Awawawa...

'''Kaga :''' ...

'''Myschin :''' No... Just no ! WHY ?!

'''Kaga :''' Why what ? I'm the prideful part of the 1st CarDiv you know ?

'''Myschin :''' That's the problem actually !

'''Kaga :''' Oh ? May I know in which way it is a problem ?

'''Myschin :''' Let's do that in the right order, and sorry for the earlier surprised face. So, welcome in our base. I hope you will get you mark here and live a cheerful life.

'''Kaga :''' I see... Then what ?

'''Myschin :''' Let be honest, I know that you are strong, very strong... Too strong !

'''Kaga :''' Yes, don't put me in the same bucket as the 5th CarDiv.

'''Myschin :''' That's why I didn't wanted you to come first here ! I really want to prove that the 5th CarDiv can be as skilled as you !

'''Kaga, menacing pokerface :''' Oh ?

'''Myschin :''' Kaga, I can't deny the fact that you are probably one of the most strong addition to our fleet... But unfortunately, I don't want to count on your force in the first place. I want to give everyone a fair chance, and that's include the 5th CarDiv. You are strong Kaga, but if I start to use you for now, I think it will be too easy to defeat the abyssal.

'''Kaga :''' Don't you want that in the first place ?

'''Myschin :''' No, I want to take my time and train some shipgirl who lack in power. Where is the fun when you can easily surpass your enemy without letting them get a chance ?

'''Kaga :''' Admiral, you will soon learn that we are in war. War is a terrible thing and good feelings don't have their place here.

'''Myschin, adjusting his glasses :''' Let me tell you one thing Kaga... Yes, I know that this world is in war with the abyssal fleet, but to be honest, this war is nothing compared to what I've seen before I took my position as an admiral here. The war here is difficult because there are specifics rules in this world, and I respect thoses rules.

'''Kaga :''' I see, you have some kind of powers ?

'''Myschin :''' Let's say yes.

'''Kaga :''' You have my attention now. I can see how serious you are. What are your plan for me then ?

'''Myschin :''' I will train the 5th CarDiv in order to make them my strongest carriers in the future but... I also have a plan for you Kaga. You will be a trump card, a last resort when the situation will be hard to handle with the others. Of course you will go under some training too.

'''Suna :''' Hey, you should start to train her by now because you will soon encounter some high walls on your path.

'''Myschin :''' I know, she will help us to defend the Nansei islands if we can't progress in this area.

'''Kaga :''' I see... Fine by me then. So where is Akagi now ?

'''Myschin :''' Akagi ?

'''Kaga :''' Yes Akagi, my... Beloved partner in the 1st CarDiv.

'''Myschin :''' But you are our second carrier only. Ryuujou, who came just before you, is our first carrier.

'''Kaga :''' Wait what ? You didn't managed to sink at least one enemy carrier so far ?

'''Myschin :''' We didn't tried, to be precise, I've wanted to have a carrier before that.

'''Kaga :''' I see.

'''Ryuujou :''' I won't loose to you, you demon carrier !

'''Kaga :''' Please watch your mouth little girl...

'''Myschin :''' Hep ! No fighting please. What's the problem Ryuujou ?

'''Ryuujou :''' She... She has those damn big breasts !

'''Myschin :''' ... Yes, and ?

'''Ryuujou, starting to cry :''' I have none and everyone will bully me with flattop jokes !

'''Myschin, pissed off :''' Oh oh ? Really ? Yeah, I can see that you are honest in your words, so let me tell you something Ryuujou. If anyone will make a bad joke about your chest, the culprit will have the same kind of battle that I had with Tatsuta yesterday.

'''Inazuma :''' Awawawa, isn't that punishment a bit too overkill-nanodesu ?

'''Myschin :''' Hum yes maybe, but don't worry Ryuujou, I'll promise you will be one our pride carrier, maybe not the strongest but at least one of the strongest.

'''Ryuujou :''' For real ? I mean... I'll do my best then !

'''Myschin :''' Good ! Now we will a small party with the other shipgirls, but before that, I have to do something.

Then the admiral turned on the TV screen.

'''Myschin :''' Where is Akashi's channel I wonder... Ah found it.

'''[[Akashi]] : '''Welcome, how may I help you ?

'''Myschin :''' I need to open a third reparation dock, so I've come to buy a key for it.

'''Akashi :''' No problem, you just have to pay the right amount of money for it.

'''Myschin :''' I have the money for it.

'''Akashi :''' Good, make a transfert to the Headquarters and they will send you a key for your reparation dock.

'''Myschin :''' I wonder why thoses extra docks are here but closed. We could just buy a construction set no ?

'''Akashi :''' Let's just says it's another headquarter's fancy.
==Omake (Again, in french)==
'''Myschin :''' Pfiou, enfin terminé avec cette partie !

'''Inazuma :''' D'accord, ça va un peu plus vite, mais le rythme n'est pas le même-nanodesu...

'''Myschin :''' Je ne peux pas faire autrement, il faut bien que je présente tout le monde. Et encore que pour certaines Kanmusus, je n'ai pas trop développé... Certaines auront l'occasion de se rattraper plus tard.

'''Inazuma :''' Vous n'avez pas dit la même chose lors du dernier Omake ?

'''Myschin :''' Peut-être, mais je ne vais pas mentir sur ce qui va venir quand même. Néanmoins je peux dire que j'ai hâte de raconter notre rencontre avec Fusou... Et peut-être aussi la fameuse 11° journée en fait. Si ce n'est pas dans la prochaine entrée de blog, ça sera forcément dans la suivante !

'''Inazuma :''' Ah, la 11° journée, comment ne pas l'oublier-nanodesu ?
[[Category:Blog posts]]