Hi Guys. Greetings. This is a blog to gather some suggestion for upcoming event. As I have been slack for nearly 5 months (less planning and expedition) i faced some issue. I did a quick review on my base and realize I am moderately unprepared. So, yeah, please refer to below. 

<u>'''Main objective for Winter 2018 event: Hard mode.'''</u>

<u>'''Current intention: Optimize equipment.'''</u>

[https://imgur.com/a/7HFDD Equipment list]

[https://imgur.com/a/vi07d Winter Fleet]

<u>'''Ok. Here is the question part. This is a discussion blog, no right or wrong answer, and I appreciate all your comment. Don't need to answer all question, just give the suggestion in which you think you are confident in.'''</u>

1. In your opinion, after review my equipment list, what/which equipment should I focus on improving? The objective of improvement can be upgrade to a better equipment, or to gain bonus stats. (I can't really specific this question, so if you find a hard time helping me on this, just think of which equipment you are improving now, and why is it important.)

1(a). This is a follow up to question 1. As we know improvement level give bonus stats to equipment like extra accuracy and extra LOS. How many (To which extent) will you upgrade your equipment just to get that bonus stats? (Example, main guns should upgrade to *4 to get +2 accuracy, as to *9 is too expensive.) Yes I do read up the extra stats calculation from this wikia and wikiwiki.jp, but I would like to hear your suggestion.

2. Do you know any equipment that worth keeping and to get more copies? (Example, Type 0 Fighter Model 21 (Skilled). This equipment has relatively average AA but good range when in LBAS.)

3. Do I have enough seaplane fighter for upcoming event? Do you suggest me to improve current seaplane fighter, and if yes, what is its priority and how many level do I need to improve it to?

4. Any equipment that I miss out to get which maybe handy in future? (example, seaplane bomber Zuiun 634 Skilled is not in my list, maybe I can get it. Or, anti torpedo bulge, which seems not so important, but could be very useful.)

5. If you have comment for my winter fleet, feel free to comment. And yes I am training my Tama now to get her to Kai Ni. So you might need to comment on other issue.

So, generally here are my question. You don't have to be a pro/veteran/first-class-medal-holder to leave your suggestion here. We learn things from everyone. Again, thanks in advance for your suggestion and all the best for your preparation and upcoming event :D

(Let me know if my question is unclear. I will do my best to rephrase it.)
[[Category:Blog posts]]