Disclaimer: This guide is not to be taken seriously. 



Because Kantai Collection Events are SERIOUS BUSINESS for many TTKs, it was inevitable that a guide of this nature was to be created. It's dangerous to fight Abyssals alone, so take this relatively simple guide with you. 



- PC + interwebz 

Of course you need a trusty ol' PC with an Internet connection to play KanColle. You'll need it to watch the frontliners in their niconico(ni) streams. You'll need it to READ DOUJINS when you get bored of the event (or fail it epically). You'll need it to stay out of cancerous sites. Set your settings to the highest possible ones and overclock everything. Watch your favorite flash game evolve. You can maximize your browser's potential by staying away from guides that are no fun at all. 



- Sanity 

Is it really necessary to maintain your sanity for a flash game? I often leave muh sanity on the chinjufu prior to heading out to sea to kill Abyssals, but hey, that's just me. If you wanna bring yours, do so. Don't say I didn't warn you. 



- Food + water 

Naturally, you can't play KanColle PROPERLY if you aren't functioning as a well-oiled machine. Stack your cave with foodstuffs loaded with chemical additives that can survive for weeks, as well as injectibles filled with supplements if you plan to stay for two weeks inside your room.



- Pee bottle/s 

NUF SAID. If you've never been to Ironbottom Sound and experienced boss health gauge regen, then you'll never know the true meaning of hardcore flash gaming. 



- Superior /jp/ music 

What else are you going to listen to while playing? Unless the Event BGM is THAT good, I suggest you search for better BGMS.



- Utilikilts 

Why the heck not?
[[Category:Blog posts]]