'''May the 9th'''

Didn’t have classes so I tackled E-6 and bid goodbye to Hard Mode and the First Class Medal for Easy Mode and more sanity. I had a couple retreat runs because I was too stubborn to put FCF but all in all it went pretty smooth and I cleared E-6 Easy by the evening.



'''May the 10th'''

Had classes all day.



'''May the 11th'''

Had classes all day.



'''May the 12th''' 

Stayed home because of downpours so I thoroughly prepared my fleets for E-7 because even in Easy RNG knows how to screw with me. First few runs went pretty smooth, 3 steady S ranks and even a Perfect S rank. Shuffled my equipment and girls a bit after an unlucky C rank but went on without further surprises. A couple of A ranks, a final and extremely satisfying S rank and I welcome Iowa in my fleet. Burst of luck at the third S rank, Harukaze GET without having to farm her. That was probably the only good thing out of the whole second week.



'''May the 13th (& 14th & 15th…)'''

As usual, once everything is clear, Unlimited Farming Works begins. So, wow, it was last week? Holy shit I’ve got the worst luck ever. Anyway. Ships I need/want from this event: 

{{ShipBattleCardKai|Akitsumaru}}

{{ShipBattleCardKai|Teruzuki}}

{{ShipBattleCardKai|I-401}}

{{ShipBattleCardKai|Mikuma}}

{{ShipBattleCardKai|Oyashio}}

{{ShipBattleCardKai|Akitsushima}}

And they are all normal nodes drops and my level of stubbornness is astronomical. Thus, I stayed in motherloving E-1 for 5 days till I almost completely drained my resources only to admit that Akitsumaru hates my guts and moved onto E-7 node D to get Oyashio and at least have all the new ships from the event.

So ended the second week of my event, steadfastly draining my carefully stockpiled resources in the vain attempt to get Akitsumaru, hoping to move onto Teruzuki soon. Yeah. Dream on, me.

[[Category:Blog posts]]