===Cereal Broke The Game===
http://imgur.com/XRRhh4d
===<span style="font-size:20px;">E1: The Salt Begins. (Next to none actually happened [Except the end])</span>===
6-7 Runs on Medium Difficulty, then changed to Hard mode so I could get the 51cm Prototype, costed 11 Buckets, what am I doing.

5 Runs from then on in Hard Mode, only 1 Kill, changed to South route from North Route cause F that CA FS, 8 Runs on South, 5 kills costed around 16 buckets, finished E1 first day. On Total 19 Runs, 27 Buckets.
===E2: Cakewalk..?===
Started on Hard Difficulty, its actually pretty easy with Akizuki Air Cut In and Shizen Kais. 11 Runs, 6 Boss kills. 18 Buckets used during this time, E2 Done.

Changed Equips halfway through and changed flagship to Kaga to make her less likely to be red crit, results were exceptional.
===E3: Transport Quests Man.===
Started on Medium Difficulty, the transports though. 9 Runs and 7 Boss kills, this seems like it could become annoying (Later on it became really easy, so I guess not). 13 Buckets used to finish E3.
===E4: Ship Lock Mekkanics.===
Started on Hard Difficulty, 7 Runs and 5 Boss kills. 22 Buckets Used it was mildly annoying, but it was nothing really, dem mekkanics though.
===E5: So Much Salt, Anchorage Is Best Abyssal Though.===
19 Runs, 4 Boss Kills, 32 Buckets, Ill make a blog just for E5 and E6 Later.
===E6: The Roma Farm Lasts Longer Than E6 Itself...===
30 Runs, 4 Boss Kills, 121 Buckets. Sparkle is just... too op.

112 Runs, 12 Boss Kills, 155 buckets. (Got Mutsu, Sakawa, etc.)

73 Times missed Ni Class over this event. (Rough Fuckin Estimation...)

After the event I recieved a Grater from TS. 2:45 PM 5/6/2015 JPN Time
[[Category:Blog posts]]