<p style="margin-top:1em;margin-bottom:1em;color:rgb(0,0,0);">HEY guys, Sachiko-chan is here. i will help you in this event and i will do my best to get you guys updated. once i am done with clearing events or decided not to get E-5, i will start looking for drop composition. so please stay tune! you can ask me questions here or in chat if you would like! have fun</p>

<p style="margin-top:1em;margin-bottom:1em;color:rgb(0,0,0);">FOR E-1</p>

<p style="margin-top:1em;margin-bottom:1em;color:rgb(0,0,0);">1st try 1CL5DD (LOS 14) node B (avoided) node E http://prntscr.com/61pmy6 node F(avoided) node J (dead end)</p>

<p style="margin-top:1em;margin-bottom:1em;color:rgb(0,0,0);">2nd try 1CL5DD (LOS 33) node A http://prntscr.com/61pp3y nodeC (avoided) node Dhttp://prntscr.com/61ppi7 node G http://prntscr.com/61pq04 BOSS http://prntscr.com/61pqgm !CLEAR! 3rd try 1CL5DD (LOS 33)(yuudachi DA+sonar shigure CI+sonar yukikaze CI+sonar) node A-C-D-G-BOSS !CLEAR!</p>

<p style="margin-top:1em;margin-bottom:1em;color:rgb(0,0,0);">4th try 1CL5DD (LOS 33)(yuudachi DA+sonar shigure CI+sonar yukikaze CI+sonar) node B (avoided) node Ehttp://prntscr.com/61pue0 node F(avoided) node H BOSS (failed left with 2hp boss)</p>

<p style="margin-top:1em;margin-bottom:1em;color:rgb(0,0,0);">5th try 1CL5DD (LOS 33) ALL ASW node A-C-D-G-BOSS !clear! 6th try 1CL5DD (LOS 33) ALL ASW node A-C-D-G-BOSS !clear!</p>

<p style="margin-top:1em;margin-bottom:1em;color:rgb(0,0,0);">No shiplocking in E-1</p>

<p style="color:rgb(0,0,0);">reward : choco, food supply thing, screw, fairy, reppu 601</p>

<p style="color:rgb(0,0,0);">FOR E-2</p>

<p style="color:rgb(0,0,0);">2BBV 2CAV 2CVL will go boss 100% thru A-F</p>

<p style="color:rgb(0,0,0);">2FBB 1CV1CVL 2CAV will go boss 100% thru B(maelstorm)</p>

<p style="color:rgb(0,0,0);">2FBB 2CLT2CVL will go boss 100% thru B(maelstorm)</p>

<p style="color:rgb(0,0,0);">CAV can be replaced with CA. seems like having slow BB (BBV EXCEPTION?) and 2 or more CV will bring you to dead end after B</p>

<p style="color:rgb(0,0,0);">light fleet will go to A-D</p>
[[Category:Blog posts]]