==Introduction==
It's pretty clear now that Central Princess (damaged) takes additional damage from WG42s compared to normal installation-types.  It's been suggested that the bonus is at least the same as the one for Supply Depot Princess, but so far''' the data I have gathered through KC3改 replays strongly points towards the WG42 bonus being higher than the known WG42 bonuses on Supply Depot Princess'''.
==Spreadsheet==
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jOYSCPJBaB_fEF1BOwStcw4ROBiIa9a4mDpaeUHT-es/edit?usp=sharing
===Current Observations===
*I've made the assumption that the bonus is a post-cap multiplicative modifer, and the normal WG addititive damage bonuses apply.  Either of these assumptions could be wrong. (See below)
**It's possible the bonus operates differently for crititcal hits but I can't say either way yet.  It's just easier to find examples of big damage critical hits than unusually high damage non-criticals.
**I've assumed minimum armor rolls for the calculations here, but this is a ''very ''unlikely scenario to occur multiple times.  The actual bonus is probably above what I've calculated for most cases listed.
**Highest minimum bonuses observed so far:
***1 WG42 (no critical)
****1.48 
***2 WG42 (no critical)
****1.62
***1 WG42 (critical hit)
****1.88
***2 WG 42 (critical hit)
****2.00
*<u>IF</u> the bonus is a combination of a large pre-cap firepower bonus and a moderate post-cap multiplier bonus (perhaps around 1.25x for 1WG), this would explain the lack of super-high critical hits using Type 3 Shells + WG, while also explaining the apparent large increases in firepower from chuuha cruisers equipped with WG(s) but no Sanshiki.  '''This is the current best explanation I see that fits the data gathered.'''
**​Assuming this to be the case, 2WG is only possibly better than WG + Type 3 if the post-cap multiplier is higher for two WG equipped than one.  <span style="font-weight:normal;">(This is how WG works on Supply Depot Princess.)</span>  Otherwise, the high pre-cap from Sanshiki and the moderate post-cap (from WG) will give the highest damage output.
***In order to determine this it would be necessary to determine the pre-cap firepower boost given by WG.
[[Category:Blog posts]]