*November 13'th - Acquired my first Mikuma (at HQ level 105). She came from a basic LSC. Also got Yamagumo drop few days earlier, while getting rid of some leftover quests. I think i prepared well for the next event... Leveled lots of Girls, Hard-capped my resources and got 1500 buckets... Tired, not hyped by anything and not expecting anything... Just a bad feeling i won't be able to meet Prinz Eugen again...
*August 15'th - Finished the Summer Event. Full report on drops to come after farming. Trully horrible event with no fun at all... E-7 was pure sadistic trolling of a Player. I finished E7 in easy mode over the span of 13.5 hours. Whichever Idiot put random Compass into an event Map should be fired!
*July 27'th - My pre-event masterplan is slowly comming to it's sucessful end; I got 9 Waifu now. They are all lvl 111. This month was rly bad for crafting.. getting only garbage from equipement crafting attempts. My guess is that the event will start on 7'th next month, and, until then i'll have 100K+ of resources and level up whatever i manage to. New Waifu since my last post here: Bismarck Drei, Haruna, Ooyodo, Yuudachi, Kitakami, Ooi, RO-500.
*June 26'th - Since last post i almost fully upgraded three AP Shells. (to+9) :D More Radars, Z3, and second Shioi (extra Seiran!). Married my second girl today - Kirishima! Got 6x 35.6 Protos now, and soon enough i'll get Bismarck's guns too (gonna marry her before next event starts).
*June the 2'nd - Got my first Akitsumaru from LSC :D - Incredibly lucky with crafting lately! (two T32 RADARs, T33 RADAR, my third AP Shell).
*May the 31'st - Got Shioi from LSC :D
*May 2015 LSC 4x Bisco tries. (started on this cos i want her for her good NB damage) .. aaand GET! on May the 21. Four tries total over the span of one week. (this one was easy)
*May the 1st Finished the Spring Event, and ate some Barbecue :) This was the last Event i'll use Easy setting on. Enemies beware, for i'm sending my OP fleet at you next time! Meanwhile, Taihou is lvl 96 now, and i got total of 2xT32 Radars and 2x AP Shell. I also hit HQ level 100 somewhere during the event.
*Apr 2015 Married Kaga as my 1st Waifu, Training Tahou like mad for the Event and Acquired my 1st T32 Radar. Good Month! HQ99
*Apr 2015 LSC 3xTaihou tries... annnd - GET! :D HAPPY TIMES! (Acquired on April the 7'th - the date she was launched IRL)
*Mar 2015 LSC 14xTaihou tries
*Feb 2015 LSC 2xTaihou tries
*Jan 2015 (started Playing at New Year's Eve)
[[Category:Blog posts]]