*December 9'th - The Event is over and i'm heading home with bags full of loot! 240'000 Resources spent, 1100 Buckets spent, but who cares! - 12 new Girls acquired + extra clones that are useful. During the Event i Married Shioi, Nagato and Mutsu. Feeling quite relaxed now. This Event helped me cross one huuuge wall in KanColle. In the future events i will be able to relax a bit and focus more on clearing them in hard mode, than on farming Girls from past events. At the moment i'm missing only four Girls to finish my Collection: Yamato, Musashi, Amagi and Asagumo. :)
*December 6'th - With only two Days left, the Fall 2015 Event is closing to an end. I am still doing few runs here and there, trying to lure out my second U-Chan, but to no avail so far. Full report will follow after the Event end.
*December 2'nd,3'rd - Got my Graf Zeppelin at around 140 E4 Boss Node runs total. My Sanity is drained, but, slowly recovering now. Day after i got Arashi during relatively painless farming session. still trying to get Harusame and Kazagumo, so i can say goodbye to the event.
*December 1'st -- (salt) ... 100 runs for Graf Zeppelin and still nothing... I am soo tired and this game is starting to look like something that gets people into mental institutions..... 155'000 resources and 700 buckets lost so far. It breaks my Heart to see all that wasted for nothing after 3 months of attending my PC just to acquire those resources and buckets.
*November 23'rd - PRINZ EUGEN GETTO! I'm so happy that i have been poking her for an hour now and cannot get smile off my face!
[[Category:Blog posts]]