Sometimes when I play, I'd like to imagine I'm watching a stage theater and make commentary of things happening in-game.

'''Attention: This is a work of derivative fiction.'''

I am using my experience in-game to write some stuff, but spiced/twisted/made-up/what-have-you for extra flavor in writing. 

For the opening post, those are also translated (and added, twisted and mashed up for my convenience of storytelling) from a Twitter account of mine. Not telling you where or what is it though.

I might explain some things here or I might not.

Without further ado.

--

'''<u>Re: First Contact</u>'''

'''Hitoshi:''' "This secretary called Samidare, I didn't even touch her at all yet she's saying some strange things."

'''Mr. Flame:''' "Because you reported in for duty at night I guess, heh heh. How was iiiiiitt?? To report in for duty at night, what a riot you are! Hahahaha!"

'''Hitoshi:''' "Shut up. It's just the beginning so I'm sending Samidare off to bed now."

''Notes: "Mr. Flame" is yet another persona of mine I sometimes use. Think of it as OCs but I don't really like that term much. To me over here they are "people who reside within the fourth wall."''

--

<u>'''Secretary Samidare'''</u>

'''Samidare:''' "Admiral, do you have any problems...? You're reading the manual so seriously. If you're troubled... how about we tackle it together...?"

'''Hitoshi:''' ''(restlessly)'' "It's fine... for now. I'll handle them myself. ... Yeah."

'''Samidare:''' "Um... from your documents, you're unmistakenly a normal Japanese citizen... but you don't seem to be handling fellow Japanese citizens well. Are you really all right, Admiral?"

--

<u>'''Secretary Samidare 2'''</u>

'''Samidare:''' [[Samidare#Seasonal_Quotes|"It's summer, summer! Admiral, let's go to the beach together! ... Ah-, we do go there everyday, didn't we."]]

'''Hitoshi:''' "Right you are. In the first place isn't it night time right now?"

'''Samidare:''' "... Ah."

'''Hitoshi:''' "To be reporting in for duty around this hour, I must've exhausted you."

'''Samidare:''' "No, it's nothing... It's summer, so the nights are hot to... Ah, I'm sweating..."

'''Hitoshi:''' "..."

--

<u>'''Secretary Samidare 3'''</u>

'''Hitoshi:''' "... And that's all for today. I'm going out for a bit."

'''Samidare:''' "Eh!? Admiral, what about the other tasks!? A new comrade is going to be here soon!"

'''Hitoshi:''' "Well, it's night time right now so let's not rush it. Let's take it in leisure from now on. You go get some rest."

'''Samidare:''' "Y,yes..."

--

'''Secretary Samidare 4:''' Of Nicknames

'''Hitoshi:''' "This is just a selfish request of mine, but can I call you 'Sammy'?"

'''Samidare:''' "...!!! Is that... a nickname...?"

'''Hitoshi:''' "Yeah. Is that not to your liking?"

'''Samidare:''' "No... this is just our first meeting, but to be getting a nickname... Thank you, Admiral."

'''Hitoshi:''' "And, don't call me 'Admiral', call me by my name.

'''Samidare:''' "Eh? Er, um... 'Tadano Hitoshi...' was it?"

'''Hitoshi:''' "Just 'Hitoshi' is fine too."

'''Samidare:''' "EEEEEEEHH!?"

'''Hitoshi:''' "Well, I know the deal about Japanese people and their given names. But I don't mind it at all."

'''Samidare:''' "Y, yes..."

'''Samidare:''' [ "Auuuu... it's just the first meeting with this kind of Admiral... but he's using such a large amount of resources... and he gave me a nickname... and, 'Call me by my given name,' he says...!!)" ]

'''Hitoshi:''' "I'm going now... wait, your face is completely red. Are you all right? Go and get some rest already, now. Go, go. See you later."

'''Samidare:''' ''(still flushing with red)''

''Notes: Dialogue contained within parentheses are thoughts.''

--

'''Secretary Samidare 5: New Face and Operation Start!'''

'''Hitoshi:''' "I'm back."

'''Samidare:''' "M-mister Hitoshi, welcome back!"

'''Hitoshi:''' "Hm. ... You know what, I guess let's drop the name thing. Sorry if I made you feel awkward. I wasn't serious by the way."

'''Samidare:''' "Eh?"

'''Hitoshi:''' "Well, if that makes you awkward, imagine having the entire fleet call me like that. Plus I feel like that makes it easier for everyone."

'''Samidare:''' "Um, ok..."

'''Hitoshi:''' "Now that aside..."

'''Kiso:''' "So you're the Admiral. You're just a freshman and you're already calling me here, what an impatient man you are."

'''Hitoshi:''' "Well I'll be looking forward to see you more from now on."

'''Samidare:''' [ "Will this fleet really be all right... Admiral is so random. I'm worried..." ]

''Notes: Yes, I did make Kiso as the first construction I have to do for the tutorials. Well, I didn't go all out. Like 50% of the starting resources, that is. ...Come at me. Also for ease of writing I'll just stick with the "everyone calls the player Admiral/Commander" convention. Don't wanna get on my high horses giving guy a name these girls will say every time I write things like this this.''
[[Category:Blog posts]]