||---------------------------------------------------------------------------------||

Greetings, fellow comrades of this naval base.

This is a little book in which you can write your thoughts, rants, and complains about upcoming operation in limited sea area.

Why a book? Hmm, just think of this as something that we could give to our Commander after the operation is over.

There are no limits in what you can write. One-liners to very-lengthy ones, you can write it down.

You can even insult our Commander here. Pretty nice, right?

Huh? You wondered Commander's okay with it?

Don't you worry, of course he is!

You can choose not to write anything as well. It's your choice, after all.

Well then, fill it to your heart's content.

==One Week Before the Operation==

Second-in-command of this naval base, Fubuki.

I'm filling the first entry, ehehe.

Commander is not stockpiling, like usual. But he did stocked as many instant repair materials as possible. He rushed with the developments, and ordering Akashi-san to go nuts with her things.

He said he won't challenge the hard areas this time. It looks like his previous experience keeps haunting him. I hope it won't affect his condition throughout the operation later.

He also rushed the monthly missions. I guess it's a good idea.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Manager of the arsenal, Akashi, at your service.

The Admiral really wanted to make use of available materials fast. I remembered he ran out of development materials before, ha ha, that was hilarious.

Well, it gives me work to do so it's fine, right?

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

This naval base's air defense destroyer, Akizuki's turn.

The operation is near! There are information regarding my sister in this sea area, so Commander is pretty pumped up.

It seems Commander will prioritize the weekly missions while gathering intelligence during first few days of the operation.

Commander said he will depend on Akizuki again for air defense duty. Of course, I will not disappoint him!

==発動準備、第二次SN作戦！ ~ Prepare for Second Operation SN!==

Filling the first entry of Summer Operation.

At last, Admiral commenced the operation.

Admiral chose me and Chitose-onee to accompany the fleet in the first sea area. With the seaplanes' help and our midget submarines, the area is pretty much a breeze to do. Destroyer Princess went down quickly with our combined might.

We cleared it pretty quickly, although me and Chitose-onee were hurt pretty often.

And what's up with those abyssal destroyers? First they gained legs, and now they burns red?

==連合艦隊、ソロモン海へ！ ~ Combined Fleet, To The Solomon Islands!==

This is Ryuuhou's first time participating in front lines! And a combined fleet one at that!

The sea area...how could I say, was pretty tame? Our planes, Ryuujou-san and mine, were able to score great result against the enemy fleet. And our battleship seems to be doing decently, too. The enemy main fleet, led by Light Cruiser Demon, was strong, but our main fleet could match them!

<s>We might have an easier time in this area!</s>

Update. I took back what I said. The area was pretty harsh. Our last encounter with enemy main fleet didn't sink the Demon. And we had to withdraw because I was heavily damaged.

And I am the combined fleet flagship. TwT

Ouchie, that hurts. ;__;

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Oookay, the enemies in that area suddenly become more vicious. Some of escort fleet members suffered damages from torpedoes. Me, Naganami, was included in the business. Chiyoda-san even got heavily damaged by one of them.

We met with enemy main fleet again but she escaped. We dealt some scratches to her, though.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

We seriously messed up. Enemy units became more agile and more responsive to our attacks. And we didn't expect the enemy main fleet to contain Battleship Princess, escorting the Demon.

The Light Cruiser Demon escaped without suffering any damage. Battleship Princess took all the shots meant for her.

But as the flagship, I need to keep up the morale!

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Fubuki here. I'm not participating in the Combined Fleet, but I want to write down my thoughts.

I tried so hard to convince commander so he won't back down from challenging this area. It seems he becomes so fragile now, anything could break him. And this is only second area.

His only consolation was that he managed to meet Harusame again. He hugged her so tight.

I'll try to calm Commander down for the rest of the night.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

I'm Nagara, member of escort fleet that was tasked to second area.

As Ryuuhou-san said, we messed up. Big time. But we managed to pull it back together and it seems Commander also regained some spirit.

In the end, we managed to sink Light Cruiser Demon. Her escort, Battleship Princess, escaped, though. Thank you to the others, diverting Battleship Princess' attention so I could get a clear shot at Cruiser Demon.

==激突！第二次南太平洋海戦！ ~ Clash! The Second South Pacific Battle!==

Head of the Aircraft Carriers of this naval base, Akagi.

Finally the time for our Mobile Task Force to show up. Admiral's decision to spend a few days doing weekly missions was probably the best, since our planes' pilots become more skilled.

Admiral chose not to challenge the hardest area, though. Maybe it's for the better.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

This is Kiso writing. I got really few screen time, eh?

Our combined fleet managed to score big dent to enemy main force. So far so good.

I gotta say the enemy flagship has a nice taste in choosing her dress. Though, what's with that mouth?

And, to whom does her invitation adressed to? Us, the ship girls?

...or our Commander?

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

The experimental Light Cruiser, Yuubari, reporting!

It seems according to intel, the enemy flagship is called Seaplane Tender Princess, although, I don't really know how that one can be called a seaplane tender. That mouth in bottom part of her body with tongue sticking out...

...thinking about her again makes me shiver. And it's not even over yet. I'm sure some girls that fought her also felt the same way.

Anyway, we did a total of five sorties and all went well! Time for final showdown...I hope.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

This is Hiyou. I am the flagship of the Mobile Task Force that was tasked for the third sea area.

And I'm surprised. Wait, not only me, the other carriers too. What was supposed to be the last time I meet that monstrosities turned out to be a failure. We didn't expect to meet ''two'' Aircraft Carrier Demons as her escort!

...actually, we could have succeeded, if only Fubuki's torpedo worked properly. It happens a lot of time, so I won't blame her. Still, what a bummer.

Also it seems our bomber squadron suffered heavy loses. I'm fine though, because I was tasked for fighter squadrons.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

This time we sink her for good. Lucky me, that Aircraft Carrier Demon didn't notice my sneaky movement and let me blast that Princess.

Though, I'm a bit bothered. That Princess said ''thank you'' at the end...does that mean she thanked us because we ''free'' her? From what? Into what?

There are a lot of mysteries surrounding the abyssals, it seems.

I wonder if Commander is interested in learning the connection between us and abyssal fleet, because most likely there are some...

...weell, I gotta stop now. My part ends here and I still need to help in the arsenal. Kiso out.

==海峡突入！敵飛行場を撃滅せよ！ ~ Into the Strait! Destroy The Enemy Air Field!==

Heavy Cruiser Takao, designated flagship for this task force.

I'd say, the Admiral is in a difficult situation now.

To those who don't know, let me just say that he decommissioned important ships last month. And this area we're going to be deployed to needs them, else the compass will point in the other, longer route.

I'm really convinced that our Admiral is one of the foolish admiral out there.

I wonder why we are still following him.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Well, Takao, I'm agree with you that he is stupid but at least he is fun to tease, ahahaha.

Ahem. Me, Ashigara, Haguro, and Takao will accompany battleship Kongou to attack the enemy airfield.

Since the enemy air power is strong, commander asked Kaga to help us.

She seems pretty confident now with those skilled air crews.

Oops, time to go.

As Ashigara likes to say, victory is calling to us. This Nachi will surely bring victory!

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

This is Haguro. Huaa, that airfield was tough.

If only Commander didn't decommission that ship...

...ah I'm sorry.

So, the route to the enemy airfield was very long because of Comman--- I mean, we don't have necessary ship.

We did five sorties, but things didn't go well.

Two enemy fleets engaged us in pursuit battle. On one of the sortie, big sis Ashigara was crippled by enemy attack.

Then on the fifth sortie- ouch that hurts! -I'm sorry, the enemy submarine got me good.

All this is Commander's fault.

...uuuu, I'm not even trying it now. I'm sure he understands. I'm sure of it. It's his fault after all.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

British-born returnee, Kongou deeesss!

Admiral is ''stupid'' person!

It's because of him we went the ''long'' route. And we were ''injured'' a lot, ''you know''?

A-ahem. So we did ''five sorties'' to reach the ''airfield'' and inflict further ''damage'', ''but''! Because of the longer route, the enemy fleets ''got us good''.

Particularly the ones that'' ''pursued us in ''night battle''. Haguro and Nachi were heavily damaged because of them.

But it's not without ''result''. We managed to reach the ''airfield'' three more times.

''Pretty good result''!

''But you're stupid, Admiral''!

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Aircraft Carrier Kaga, reporting.

We needed two sorties to reach the airfield. When we reached the destination, the Airfield Princess, our target, seemed pretty angry.

What surprised me was the Princess brought along those white-ball abyssal planes. Glowing red.

I've heard about them from Akagi-san but didn't expect them to be so dangerous and powerful.

My three squadrons of fighter were not enough to gain superiority. Worst of all, the enemy bombers sent our injured Haguro out of commission. They also got me, thus I couldn't help the others clearing Airfield Princess' escort.

I ordered my fighters to help clean the enemy aircraft as much as possible. Then, I witnessed the battle through my aircraft.

Luckily, even without superiority, our fleet managed to get an advantage against the enemy. With the help of support team, our fleet cleaned the escort, leaving the Airfield Princess alone.

I couldn't follow what was happened after Takao requested an order to pursue the fleeing Princess, but it's clear that they succeeded in sinking the Airfield Princess.

When we reached home, we scolded the Admiral hard. I didn't join the fun, though.

Our Admiral is indeed a stupid one.

==奮戦！西部方面派遣艦隊！ ~ Hard Fight! Western Deployment Fleet!==

Italian battleship, Littorio, also the designated flagship for this fleet.

I heard from the Admiral that we could find a destroyer hailing from my country.

I can't wait to meet her!

...though, I wonder why Admiral never deployed me often.

...maybe he doesn't like pasta?

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Shirayuki here. I, with Hatsuyuki-chan, will accompany Littorio-san to this sea area.

Hiryuu-san, Tone-san, and Chikuma-san also coming with us.

It seems Commander chose the easy part of the area. I got the feeling he's going to regret it much, much later.

Also, I noticed Commander was acting strange. Did something happen?

When I wanted to ask him about this, Hatsuyuki-chan just grabbed my hand and pulled me away while shaking her head.

Seems Hatsuyuki-chan knows. I'll pester her later. Or Fubuki-chan.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Aircraft Carrier, Hiryuu! Leave the carrier battles to me, I can fi--- oh my, wrong one. Ehe.

Anyway, three sorties to the area and it seems all is going well!

Although, I didn't expect to meet Armored Carrier Princess there. I got moderately damaged because of it during our first encounter.

We met with Battleship Princess and it looked like she had a thing with our flagship, shooting her down whenever possible.

Aaand, Littorio-san now knows why she hasn't been deployed often; her needs for resources is more than that of Nagato-san!

She did great, though. As expected of a battleship.

Now, Tomonaga Squadron, I'm counting on you again!

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Aircraft Cruiser, Chikuma, on duty.

We just completed our fifth sortie. Tone-neesan did great, meanwhile I always got damaged. *sob

The area has some places where dormant resources are waiting. Tone-neesan was so happy when she found crates of development materials, she jumped like a kid.

Shirayuki-chan asked me if I also noticed strange thing about admiral.

I did, and I had a guess about the cause, but I didn't tell her, of course.

She is a sharp girl, she'll know it soon enough.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

We finished with the area, and succeeded in sinking enemy flagship when we pursued her.

We also managed to bring the Italian destroyer, Libeccio. She is cute and so full of energy.

I'm sure she could make lots of friends here quickly...unlike the shy me.

Ehehe, but I'm glad my first assignment went well.

I...am a bit hungry. Maybe I'll eat some pasta.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

The operation was a success and went without much trouble, thanks to everyone's work.

Now...where is that Hatsuyuki-chan, hmm? Don't run away, Hatsuyuki-chan~

I'm just going to question you about what happened to the commander.

Hatsuyuki-chan, you'll cooperate with me, ''right''?

==反攻作戦！FS方面進出！ ~ Counterattack Operation! Advance to FS!==
===Doubt===

It's time. I could feel that the enemy task force is going to be concentrated in the next sea area.

As the head of carrier division, it's only right for me to think that we should meet them head-on.

But Admiral's face is full of uncertainty.

He is in doubt about his choice again. Just like before.

His doubt will affect our performance.

If this goes on, we might not be able to succeed.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

The enemy task force will be strong, no doubt.

Akizuki will do her best to protect the fleet, just as promised.

...but...

...seeing him like that, it makes you worried, no?

That's no good, Commander.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

We will begin the sortie in few minutes.

However, the fleet couldn't help but worry about Commander's decision.

''I am'' worried about Commander, as his second-in-command.

He told me to 'test the waters'.

But his eyes didn't look like he want us to do it.

...

We will begin the sortie now, Commander.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Well, that didn't go as planned.

I was tasked with fighter squadrons again as well as combined fleet flagship, but the enemy task forces were strong. Out of seven sorties, we retreated five times.

I didn't expect Wo-class remodeled flagship with glowing ball of death guarding the enemy main fleet. Or those submarines. ''Especially'' those submarines.

Most of our sorties ended up with our escort fleet crippled, and our second-in-command was in even worse shape. We met with enemy main fleet twice, however things don't seem favorable to us.

Hey, Admiral, make up your mind already.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Ungh.

I failed my Commander again. Ahaha.

I couldn't even save myself from those abyssal planes.

...I...Commander put high hopes on me...this ring, this ring was...

...but...

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Now now, Fubuki-chan. Crying won't help.

Looks like because of our Admiral's condition, everyone's morale is down.

Can't help it. He didn't even try to hide that he didn't really want to complete this part.

Seriously.

Where is that foolish person who blindly ordered inexperienced fleet to fight against the odds one year ago?

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

One year ago, huh. That brings me back, Souryuu-chan.

Come to think of it, the reason Admiral did those things back then were those two Destroyers. He didn't get to meet them, of course, even after completing the fifth sea area, until the next season, in which he ordered to look for those two...

...oooh...could it be that Admiral needs something to pursue?

When the higher ups mentioned the reward for completing this sea area was ''just a catapult'', I believe his reaction was nothing more than a sigh.

I guess ''just a catapult'' wasn't interesting enough to him--

Oh, he's here. Let's hear what he's going to say for now.

===Reset===

This is Nagato. I'm the head of battleship division in this naval base, as well as our task force's main fleet member together with my sister Mutsu.

Akagi's was right. He, the Admiral I mean, is not interested in that catapult. Well, saying him not completely interested is wrong, though, he did asked us to try attacking through that part of that sea area before.

However, his mind has cleared and he asked us to attack through the easier part of the area. For real.

And it looks like he really want to get this operation out of his mind; I heard his friend is going to pay a visit to this base and he doesn't want his attention divided between operation and friend.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Well, with that out of his mind, he will fully support us again, just like before, yeah?

I told Admiral that some booze will help, but eh, it doesn't look like he could ever drink alcohol.

I wish his friend can drink, ehehe.

Noooow! Time for our task force to sortie again!

Hyahaaa~!

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Commander decided to forget the catapult so we could access the last sea area faster.

So we could meet Akizuki's sister faster.

Akizuki, will give it her best.

For everyone's sake too. And for our stupid, dearest Commander.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Even though this is the easier part of the sea area, we still give our best.

I still wished Admiral didn't back down, but it's his decision.

So. We did three sorties, and it seems the enemy fleets are easier than the previous part. Except those submarines. Poor Myoukou.

We managed to encounter enemy main fleet, led by Aircraft Carrier Princess. One tough opponent, no doubt. I was injured in all of the sorties, but we succeeded in rerouting them back, so it's worth it, I guess.

Right now we are resting for thirty minutes.

Oh right. I was in escort fleet, but it's more like I'm guarding them since we're the vanguard. Of course, I did my job wonderfully despite some wounds.

It's okay to praise me more, you know.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Writing an entry while resting after two sorties!

Bismarck-neesama was great, she scored some nice hit on those Wo-class remodeled flagships!

The others performed good too. Our second in command's expression also devoid of worries now, that's good.

Our air defense destroyer is also doing her best to shoot those white balls.

We were doing well, but, maybe it's because the enemies were easier than before, ehehe.

Ah, Bismarck-neesama is calling me! Time for another sortie!

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

The next one should be the last.

Currently all fleet members are resting. Admiral really likes ordering us to rest after sorties.

I wonder if it's due to his lazy, carefree attidude.

Well, not like we hate it. But I'm afraid the entire fleet is going to become lazy like him.

...or maybe most of us already are.

...

Hahh, no use thinking about it. This Myoukou, wouldn't reject an opportunity for a cup of tea, too.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

And it's done. It's kind of sad we, the main fleet, couldn't finish her due to unfavorable position when we approached the enemy main fleet. Our escort fleet had to pursue the Aircraft Carrier Princess. Good thing she is the only one left.

Finally, the last sea area.

...mmmh, I'm already sleepy.

I'm gonna cuddle Hiryuu later.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

The sixth sea area, is done!

Commander ordered us to cease all activities in the base so we could use the time to rest.

Akizuki is glad Commander's spirit has returned. It wouldn't be good if he isn't focused for the last sea area.

A...Akizuki is sleepy too. Even Choujuussenchihou-chan is yawning.

Well then, off to bed.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Naval base's second-in-command, Fubuki.

We cleared the sixth area. I, as the escort fleet flagship, finished Aircraft Carrier Princess.

Although Myoukou-san, Akagi-san, and Nagato-san were hurt pretty bad, the others were okay.

Some of them must have been sleeping now.

...the last sea area, huh. Commander's main target in this operation.

If Commander succeeded, Akizuki-chan would be pretty happy.

I'm sure Commander will do anything he could to succeed in this one.

Good night, our naval base. Let's do our best for the last area.

==FS作戦 ~ Operation FS==
===First Day===

It's time.

Let's get a move o--

...or not. Apparently Admiral wants to complete the daily missions involving transport ship. And since there are news about enemy transport movement in the last sea area, he deployed the combined fleet instead of doing it at sea area around Nansei Island.

Very smart.

Oh well, Jun'you is still sleeping anyway. Good grief, to think she is my sister ship.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

It's Ryuuhou.

Admiral wants us to search raid enemy transport fleet in the last sea area. For that, our Surface Task Force will be deployed again. And I'm the flagship again, ehe.

We bring the minimum we could manage, though. It's just a small raid, after all.

Although I'm still wondering why Admiral doesn't order the usual fleet to go to Bashi Island-

Ah! It's time. Hopefully nothing wrong happens.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

While Ryuuhou-san and the others are raiding enemy transport, the members of our Mobile Task Force discussed the situation and plans.

The enemy flagship is a destroyer. She'll be guarded by enemy carrier force, and there are some sighting of Battleship Princess as her escort. There are also two land bases near where enemy main force resided. And of course, enemy submarines as well as aformentioned transport ships.

A destroyer. At the last sea area. No matter how you think about it, that's kind of strange.

Also we saw a glimpse of her. That's in no way a destroyer. She looked like a battleship!

She looked so familiar...

And did Ooyodo-san said 'Air Defense'? Oh no, my Egusa Squadron will get decimated again.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

She did say 'Air Defense'. More precisely, Air Defense Princess.

That's one specific name for an abyssal Princess.

Poor Souryuu. Her Egusa squadron completely wiped out few times during our sorties in third and sixth area. And now they're going to meet an even worse thing.

Though I have to agree, that Princess didn't look like a destroyer in terms of appearance.

And judging from looks alone, she seemed strong. So...different.

I wonder if mine and Nagato's strength are enough. We are the strongest battleship in this base, after all.

Also...

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

She looked just like me...

A ha ha...I never thought this time will come.

To meet with my sister, we'll have to fight...me.

...u hu hu hu, how fitting.

Akizuki, will not back away. I have the others supporting me, fighting besides me.

We will succeed. Surely.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

The Combined Fleet have returned from our transport raid.

We only managed to raid the enemy fleet once because a destroyer in escort fleet was badly hit by enemy submarine's torpedo in our next sortie.

The transport fleet itself were lightly guarded. Our aviation powers and submarine daughters' torpedo attacks make quick short of them.

After this, the Mobile Task Force will try to reach the location where enemy main fleet resides.

I wish everyone good luck.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Commander, we are going to sortie.

To gauge our enemy's strength, and cripple them even if we happened to encounter them.

Mobile Task Force escort fleet flagship, Fubuki, sortieing.

Hopefully we'll bring good news to you, Commander.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Maaaan.

That one, destroyer my butt.

Ugh, gotta replace the lost aircraft for the next sortie! And get some booze while I'm at it.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

She decimated most of our carriers' aircraft. She shrugged our strongest attacks as if it were nothing.

She smirked in triumph as she and her escort were beating our combined fleet.

Even when Jintsuu-san managed to land a successful surprise attack during our pursuit, she still smirked.

Ah ha ha ha...to think the one that looked like me was that strong.

...it would be lying if I said I wasn't scared.

But we still have a chance. We will succeed.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

I substituted Akagi-san in this sea area. She seemed so tired after participating in two areas with our Mobile Task Force, it's just right for me as fellow 1st Carrier Division to replace her position in combined fleet.

Enemy flagship is strong. Tougher than any we've faced before. A completely different level.

None of our attacks could do any significant damage to her. We managed to bring her down at first by showering her with bullets and bombs plus a surprise attack, but our recent sortie failed to sink her. She escaped.

That expression of hers, she looking down on us.

We lost many aircraft, and will definitely lose a lot more thanks to her anti-air capability.

But, like Akizuki said, we still have a chance.

===Second Day===

It appears that Ooyodo got some info from the people of the other base.

Something along the lines of 'raid the land base in that sea area'. Also heard 'transport' and 'carriers' but those people are in doubt about them. They said it will help our fleet to defeat Air Defense Princess, but it only make the abyssal fleet disoriented until midnight, in which they will get their feet together again.

Well, worth trying, I guess. And if it's against a land base, that means me and Jun'you have extra work to do.

Sigh. Being so heavily depended upon, it's both good and bad.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Apparently Admiral really dislike those abyssal submarines, so this time he asked me to help softening them.

And since we are going to raid the closest abyssal land base this time, my anti-air capability might be of help.

After all, anti-air and anti-submarine are Isuzu's specialty.

We are going full force for our raid, since it's enemy land base we're talking about.

Oh, they called me. Off I go, then.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Errm, it didn't go well. We raid the base three times, succeeded, but in one of them, Fusou-san got bombed hard.

We were hoping that we could go to the second land base a bit farther, but...the compass pointed the wrong way.

And in that way, lying in wait, were enemy submarines. Yes, ''more submarines''.

As if the ones before the land base were not irritating enough.

Aarrgh, just you watch, abyssal submarines! This Naganami won't forget!

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Kiso here. I was in enemy transport raid just now. Like Hiyou said above, raiding the enemy transport fleet supposedly helps in fighting that one abyssal Princess, but as far as it goes, it's just a rumor.

Rumor or not, this Commander of mine still want us to do it. Luckily there were no resistance.

After this, it's the Mobile Task Force's turn, I guess.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Ara ara, that was rather terrible.

It started with Akizuki heavily damaged in first node, so we wait ten or so minutes in the base.

Then we sortied again, the compass got jammed and it pointed south. We proceeded anyway but ended up in seeing enemy transport fleet.

We returned to base and sortied again after five minutes have passed. It pointed south again. We didn't even bother to continue this time and just returned to base. I still remembered Nagato putting her hand on her face.

It looks like Admiral asked us to just rest this time. Good choice, maybe, because I got the feeling it's just the beginning.

This Mutsu is going to take a nap, please wake me up later.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Mutsu...

...right. I should wake her up later.

It's not midnight yet so Admiral wants us to sortie again in about thirty minutes. If all goes well, we should be able to do three sorties.

If all goes well. But we know that not everything will go well, hm?

All right. I have to prepare, and wake Mutsu up. This sister of mine...

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

This is Jintsuu, the light cruiser in escorting the Mobile Task Force.

Umm, it went rather well, in my opinion.

Except for one sortie, we met with enemy main fleet twice. One ended with the flagship escaped but we managed to put serious injury to her. In the other one, we defeated her, with me delivering the last blow. Maybe all those raids indeed helped.

As for that one sortie, we went south, which prompted us to go back immediately.

Since this is midnight, most of us already went to bed, but I'd like staying for a little longer.

===Third Day===

Aaah, a new day.

Which means new raids need to be done.

Admiral chose to strengthen our Surface Task Force by ordering Ise-san and Hyuuga-san as our main force, as well as Kongou-san. Me and Jun'you still tasked with the air, though.

Well, time to go.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Hyuuga here.

I've just returned from our unsuccessful raid. We still need to raid the base two more times, but let me make this short.

I've come to an agreement with the Admiral: after we finished with the first base, if we went again to that location where enemy submarines patrol, any future sortie will instantly end the moment we finished the raid in first base.

And Admiral agrees.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Well, I could say that was pretty bad.

Three sorties with two of them had the compass pointed east. Abyssal jamming too strong. Hyuuga and Hiyou were putting up a sour face after that happened.

Of course we ended the sortie prematurely.

Also I think this is my first time in combined fleet. Haguro, Myoukou-nee, and Ashigara already had their share of combined fleet, so I'm the last. Heh.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

We did three more sorties. This time, Admiral asked Kaga to back us up, replacing the two light carriers.

The first ended up in disrupting enemy transport fleet, and the second one we had to retreat because Kongou was bombed by the Harbour Princess in that land base. But we still succeeded.

But the third one. It happened.

That's it.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Now that we're finished with our daily raids, our Mobile Task Force will be deployed again.

We're hoping to make decent progress, just like the last time.

Although I couldn't shake this bad feeling.

But this Jintsuu will not falter with just that.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Wow. Great.

Do you know the usually calm, composed, stoic-faced Kaga?

Well, when she put on a sour face all the time, kicked the cafeteria door and smashed the table in two, you know something is going wrong-

Oops, she is going this way. Hiyou out!

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Those abyssal...jamming our compass like that.

I will kill them. Kill. Kill. ''Kill''. '''KIL'''-

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

I'm sorry, Kaga-san. You'll ruin the journal if you continued.

For now just rest. Your strength is still needed, it wouldn't be good if you lose your composure.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Akagi-san, delivering a knife-like jab like that to Kaga-san

Ah. So we did six sorties today. And except for one of them, it ended up horribly.

We begin with the compass pointed south. Of course, we just return to the base. Sour face number one.

The next sortie went great, and the only one that succeeded. We met with the enemy main fleet, and successfully defeated the enemy flagship. I was the one that delivered the last blow.

The third one, we did a quick turn. The reason? Compass pointed south. Again. Nagato-san and Mutsu-san were scratching their head while fumes were coming out of Kaga-san's head as we made our way back.

We rested for a while, and sortied again. This time we were on the right track...or so it seemed. Redirected to the second land base. Managed to cripple the base considerably, however we had to retreat because I was injured.

As for the last two...well, you'd probably know by now. I think I saw an evil spirit behind Kaga-san after our quick turn on sixth sortie.

It doesn't matter now. Commander ordered us to rest. It didn't go well as we hoped it would, but at least we did one successful sortie.

I felt somewhat happy that I managed to defeat my look-alike, even if it's just once and by pure chance.

Then, it's time to sleep.

===Fourth Day===

Commander ordered us to take it easy for today. Day off, yay.

Considering what happened yesterday, I think it's a good decision. Kaga-san is still putting that sour face everywhere she goes.

Well, this day off will give time for everyone to calm down, I think.

I just returned from walking around the area outside the base. I wanted to do it with Commander, just the two of us, but he prefers sleeping, so I went with others instead.

Seriously. He chose sleeping instead of walking together with someone he provisionally married. Well, it's just a provisional marriage, but still.

Maybe this is the reason why Hatsuyuki-chan's like him. She found a comrade.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

This is a day off.

I lost my composure after small matter like getting detoured in sortie. The others were irritated, but for me to do that...I still need more self-control.

Oh yes, I'm still putting my sour face, but my inside is already calm.

I think.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

It's a day off for the others, but it's not for me.

Why, I'm Akashi, self-proclaimed manager of this arsenal! I have no day off!

...or so it would appear. Truth is, I also got a day off, but I chose to work instead.

Well, it helps me calm, so nothing is lost, I guess.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Akizuki chose to spend the time relaxing at the pier. Playing with birds, seeing the expedition team returning and going, laughing with the others...

We had these kind of days often thanks to our lazy Commander, but I think this is one of the few that I actually cherished.

When this operation ends, we can have more things like this, right? Oh wait, we will, our Commander is a lazy one anyway.

Akizuki, really wished this could go on.

===Fifth Day===

Hrrrrrmm, it was such a nice sleep. Yesterday was the best.

Admiral asked us to give it our all for one full day to, hopefully, finish the last area.

Raid time. <s>I did say I'll pay you back, abyssal submarines</s>.

CURSE YOU, ABYSSAL SUBMARINES!!

J-j-just you watch! The next one, I'll definitely get you!

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Didn't go so well, these five sorties.

We ended up meeting enemy transport fleet once and arrived at enemy base twice but in one of them, we failed to disorient them.

As for the rest...we were detoured from the very start.

...is Kaga alright, though?

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Rest assured, I'm fine, Nachi.

Although I do feel a bit irritated.

For that, Admiral asked me to cool down and made Jun'you fill my position.

I'm pretty sure we will encounter more detour for our Mobile Task Force later, it's only right if I use this resting period to get my composure back so my judgement won't be clouded.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Nagara reporting in! We succeeded in raiding the enemy land base two more times!

Now everything rests in our Mobile Task Force.

To all of you, good luck!

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

It's time. Our final spurt, because tomorrow Commander's friend will come.

Thank you, Nagara-san. Akizuki and the others, will do our best until the end!

And then, I'll be able to meet my sister...

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Everyone, let's go.

As the second-in-command in this base, I hope we can finish this last...no, we will finish this last sea area. Commander already said so.

Well, then, Commander. Combined fleet Mobile Task Force, sortieing.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Detoured to the other land base. Didn't manage to destroy it, but Admiral asked us to press forward because we never arrived at the next area after that land base.

We had to retreat because our main fleet were badly injured in that area. Or rather, me, though the others were hurt pretty bad, too. None of us expected to meet ''another'' Battleship Princess aside from the one that acted as Air Defense Princess' escort.

Thirty more minutes and we'll sortie again. I think I'm gonna substitute my Egusa carrier bomber squadron for attack aircraft squadron.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

We defeated the enemy flagship. Prinz Eugen got the credit for the last shot, even though it took our escort fleet combined barrage to whittle her down for Prinz to finish it.

Well, this Bismarck is not going to lose to her!

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Hrm, our last three sorties didn't went that well, but still good.

We were detoured again to the land base where Isolated Island Demon resided and managed to destroy it. Our injuries weren't severe but Admiral ordered us to retreat. His reasoning was 'waste of resources'. Oh well, typical.

The second one was when the compass pointed south. But no angry Kaga this time.

The third one was a blast. Thanks to our previous detour to the second land base, enemy flagship got somewhat weaker, even though we still suffered a lot of injuries from the battle. Mutsu crippled her with an amazingly accurate shot, something we haven't seen in our previous sorties.

Bismarck finished her during our escort fleet's pursuit. She did say she wasn't going to lose to Prinz Eugen, after all.

Hrrrm, I'm pretty tired, even though I was tasked with four squadrons of fighters and basically did nothing when we fought with enemy main fleet.

We were told to rest. I could use some rest.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Another sortie in which we were detoured to Isolated Island Demon's land base.

We succeeded destroying it, but Jintsuu-san was injured pretty bad.

But, we were ordered not to continue even if she wasn't injured. Waste of resources, he said.

We do lose time, but he said there was still enough, and told us to take a rest for twenty or so minutes.

I, Myoukou, could not comprehend this. But I could not reject that. It was tiring.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Oh wow, that was something. Surely she didn't expect that she would be beaten by bombers of all things! That was great, Kaga-san!

By Commander's opinion, the next encounter should be the one in which the enemy fleet got stronger.

Yosh, the last stretch. Akizuki will see to it that none of the enemy carriers will harm our fleet.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

I did it.

Thank you. Somehow, it felt so good.

One more encounter, and it's over.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

It looked like the fleet was detoured again to that land base.

Still, in my opinion, this kind of detour is still better than that one. Good thing the fleet zeroed the base quick enough.

And per Admiral's order, they returned the base after that even though they suffered minimal injuries.

Midnight is getting closer. I hope they could make it in the next one.

Huff. Not being able to participate in the last sea area sucks. Akagi too, but her case is of different reason.

Good luck, Kaga and Souryuu-chan.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

We did it.

I'm done.

I wanna sleep. Celebration later, bed first.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

It's over. Kaga's so eager to sleep.

That one went smoothly. We cleaned her escort during daytime. One destroyer from airstrike, another one from long-range bombardment by our support team that also injured the two cruiser. Escort fleet cleaned up the cruisers, leaving both Princesses for us.

Mutsu and three of our carriers were crippled by those two, but Jun'you managed to sink the Battleship Princess, leaving the flagship alone for our escort to handle. I felt like the enemy flagship seemed somewhat tougher than before, but our escort still managed to take her down.

We succeeded in clearing this last sea area.

...and I could use some rest. Even a member of Big 7 needs rest.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

We did it! We cleared the last sea area!

The Air Defense Princess was the only one left, thanks to our efforts during the day. I managed to deliver the final blow during our pursuit.

Finally we could rest. On behalf of our Commander, as his second-in-command, I thank you all for making this possible.

...

The sky and the sea huh. They are pretty, indeed.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Akizuki, is delighted that we finished the last area.

I'm currently with my sister now. We talked about lots of things.

Yes, the sky and the sea are beautiful.

With my sister Teruzuki, this Akizuki will make sure that the sky and the sea stay that way.

For you too.

==Aftermath==

Teruzuki here! I got to write the last part, ehehe. Thank you for this, Fubuki-chan!

Yesterday I and Akizuki-nee walked around the base together. Akizuki-nee explained things and introduced me to the other girls in this base that were still awake.

Today we celebrated for our success clearing the last sea area. It's not something special, just lunch with all girls in the base. But Admiral himself cooked for us. They were good, yep! Akizuki-nee told me that Admiral rarely cook, so this is an important occasion that mustn't be missed. I feel so lucky!

They were really good. I could still taste their flavor...I saw everyone go crazy over the food too. It was a mess. Admiral ordered us to spend the rest of the noon to clean it.

Um, Admiral asked me to lend my strength for future operations. I answered yes, of course! I'm looking forward to work with Akizuki-nee and the others in this base!

Oh, it's starting, our small night fireworks party. I'll need to go. Bye bye~

||---------------------------------------------------------------------------------||