I didn't have the idea to do this until I started farming for Yuu on E-3 and decided to make a spreadsheet to better keep track of my progress. The original idea was just to share my farming results, but I later decided to do a bit more, so most parts won't have detailed information.



(very) Short introduction:

I'm a level 100 TTK who started playing October 2015. I work full-time and find playing Kancolle very relaxing (well there are some exceptions), it's a nice game for winding down after work.





Let's start with
==Resources==



The highest point I could find in my KC3 strategy room is from the day before I started E-1
{| border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="1" class="article-table" style="width: 600px; height: 80px;"
|-
! scope="col"|Fuel
! scope="col"|Ammo
! scope="col"|Steel
! scope="col"|Bauxite
! scope="col"|Buckets
|-
|
83434
|
61054
|
115231
|
46167
|
1101
|}


And after clearing all maps and having finished farming for Akizuki and Teruzuki, my resources look more like this:
{| border="0" cellpadding="1" cellspacing="1" class="article-table" style="float: left; height: 80px; width: 600px;"
|-
! scope="col"|Fuel
! scope="col"|Ammo
! scope="col"|Steel
! scope="col"|Bauxite
! scope="col"|Buckets
|-
|
50474
|
39611
|
105266
|
27738
|719
|}









Which means I used:
*32,960 Fuel
*21,443 Ammo
*9,965 Steel
*18,429 Bauxite, ~8,500 of that were used for E-7 alone
*382 Buckets
Plus whatever I recovered with expeditions along the way.





No need for a resource-recovery break, yay.







next up
==Clearing the maps==


====E-1====
=====Cleared on Hard difficulty.=====
A slow wade.

Of 15 sorties, only 5 reached the boss node, achieving an S-Rank every time.

I had to use the FCF every time. Sparkled, unsparkled, node support, it didn't matter. I never got past node H without at least one girl taiha'd.

On Boss-S-Rank 3, Hayashimo dropped, on the next one Agano.




====E-2====
=====Cleared on Easy difficulty.=====
My personal "Screw this!"-map this event.

I originally intended to do it on Medium, but after more than two days of Final Dance, I gave up. On Easy, I managed to clear it within 9 sorties, 4 of them being Final Dance. Which went by much faster than the 11 Final Dance runs that reached the boss-node on Medium.

Noshiro dropped on the final boss-kill




====E-3====
=====Cleared on Medium difficulty.=====
Farmin' all day long

After reaching my Yuu-farming goal, I switched to Medium difficulty and cleared the map in 11 sorties, being able to reach the boss-node only 4 times.First two were S-Ranks, other two were A-Ranks. 15 Drums and 2 Daihatsus for gauge draining, 12 Drums and 2 Daihatsus for the last battle.

Mikuma dropped on the first S-Rank, finally completing the Mogami-sisters




====E-4====
=====Cleared on Easy difficulty.=====
The calm before the storm.

In retrospect, I probably could have tackled it on Medium, but I assumed that I would be off better with saving time and resources for E-5 to E-7.

I managed to clear E-4 with the minimum required 6 sorties, felt a lot easier than E-2.

Unryuu dropped on the 4th Boss-S-.Rank




====E-5====
=====Cleared on Easy difficulty.=====
Still better than E-2

Cleared it within 12 sorties, reaching the boss-node 9 times.

Managed to sink Lycoris Hime only twice. Once for the final kill, of course, and once on boss-encounter 7, which was my only Boss-S-Rank on this map.

Roma dropped on the S-Rank.




====E-6====
=====Cleared on Easy difficulty.=====
Hatsuzuki made me feel sorry for the abyssal carriers.

I went with an AS+ loadout for my carriers and had Akitsu Maru come along and together with Hatsuzuki, they simply tore through anything the abyssal carriers threw at them.

I cleared the map within 11 sorties, with 8 of them reaching the boss-node. Only one pre-final Boss-S-Rank, with all others but one leaving Central Hime alive with a sliver of health.

Two runs on Final Dance, the first one failing, because boss support didn't trigger. The second was wrapped up quickly thanks to:
*Green T
*My opening airstrike hitting Central Hime for 320 damage and punching both Pillbox Imps down to around 50%
*Boss support landing a 749 damage hit on Central Hime
After day battle, only the Airfield princess remained with measly 141 hp




====E-7====
=====Cleared on Easy difficulty.=====
The grande finale.

Again, Hatsuzuki's AACIs shot down enemy planes like they were nothing. 8 Sorties, 7 reached the boss.

Two pre-final S-Ranks, and again, two runs on Final Dance.

Final kill was ensured by my LBAS hitting Central Hime in 3 of 4 bombing runs for a total of 406 damage.

Harukaze dropped on the first Boss-S-Rank.




----



Got 4 additional medals from the event rewards. Looks like I can Kai Ni Fusou without changing the plans I drew up before the event.

[http://imgur.com/a/Csj6Q I'm pretty sure Yamashiro is very happy about it.]





let's see...

next are the
==MVPs==



====Hatsuzuki====
Her AACIs made me feel sorry for the enemies and had me laughing like a madman at times

Accidentially used the Reinforcement Expansion I got from the event on her instead of closing the prompt. No regrets. She deserves it.


====Mogami====
Landed the first kill on Lycoris Hime, the one that made my only E-5 Boss-S-Rank possible and gifted me with Roma.


====Tone====
Landed the second kill on Lycoris Hime, allowing me to clear E-5


====Akitsu Maru====
Performed above and beyond all expectations and and even landed a whopping 56(!) damage hit on the Airfield Princess on E-6






==Notable drops==
Alternative title: "I need more slots..."


=====Hayashimo=====
Dropped on E-1H, boss-node


=====Agano=====
Dropped on E-1H, boss-node


=====Noshiro=====
Dropped on E-2E, boss-node, final kill


=====U-511=====
Well, I ''did'' farm for her


=====I-401=====
Dropped during my U-511-farm


=====Mikuma=====
Dropped on my first E-3N Boss-S-Rank


=====Unryuu=====
Dropped on E-4, boss-node


=====Roma=====
Dropped on E-5, boss-node


=====Harukaze=====
Dropped on E-7, boss-node


=====Akizuki=====
Farmed for her on E-2E-F


=====Isokaze=====
Dropped on E-2E-F


=====Teruzuki=====
Farmed for her on E-2E-F



[http://imgur.com/a/KcaoK Imgur gallery, because uploading to the wiki took too long.]



[http://imgur.com/a/bjVrE And of course, the reward-ships are all there, too.]






==Farming==

Let's start with what originally inspired me to do this:


====U-511 farm====

[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yfMgwGl4Rc_AQg45y88IOgfwvK5_1GTQMgLfiil6-xM/edit?usp=sharing U-511 farming-log]

Highlighted Samidare, too, because I found the triple drop at early on funny.

I had set my goal at 4 Yuus, which I reached in 464 S-Ranks, both node D and F, which translates to an overall droprate of 0.862%.

Took me 237 sorties, thanks to troll-taihas, and 7 days in total.

The composition I used was AV / 4 DD + CL / 3 DD / 2 CAV






====Duckie Farm====
'''!!!WARNING!!!'''

'''Do not continue reading if you are suffering from Event Fatigue or dangerously high Salt levels.'''

'''Please, it's for your own good.'''

'''!!!WARNING!!!'''






I used a CL / 2 CAV / 2DD / CVL composition



{| class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed wikitable"
|-
! colspan="1" |Results
|-
|



[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1VUh20lHoaiFVokMIOLPCCM3GMpzZHR_lwE4V7Hf0cQQ/edit?usp=sharing Duck farming log]

Now, the long and short of it is

I got Both Akizuki and Teruzuki within 13 E-2E-F Runs, with Isokaze dropping inbetween

[http://imgur.com/bvxY8pS Excerpt from my ship list]



I'm sorry.
|}
[[Category:Blog posts]]