Hello. After recovering for the past ten minutes after compiling the Event Report, it has come to my attention that a lot of people are giving their thoughts on the event. And I will too.



{{Navbox}}


==Maps==

===E-1N===
This map wasn't too difficult as I was able to take it out in eight runs. Ta is a puss, so easy kill.
8 Runs
No retreats
One time where the Ta pussed out and escaped damage

May 2 - May 2

Notable Drops:
{{ShipBattleCardKai|Maruyu}}


===E-2E===
This map also wasn't the hardest, but it did take a little bit longer. Switched to easy because my resources were dropping a little bit too early. Also my first time facing Artillery Imps. Stay away from me and my girls. 
15 Runs
11 Retreats

May 3 - May 4

Notable Drops: {{ShipBattleCardKai|Amatsukaze}} yiss {{ShipBattleCardKai|Teruzuki}} yiss x2

===E-3N===
This map... wasn't the worst, but this is where things started to foreshadow the future. The overuse of drum canisters on the main fleet hampered their combat ability, and the escort fleet got chuuha'd and taiha'd more than they should've. None the less, cleared and done.
14 Runs
6 Retreats

May 4 - May 6

Notable Drops:
{{ShipBattleCardKai|I-401}}

===E-4N===
Again, not the worst, but could've gone better. 
11 Runs
4 Retreats

May 7 - May 10

Notable Drops: {{ShipBattleCardKai|Takanami}} x2

===E-5E===
God damn. This was the real event killer. I read that E7 was way easier if you did E5. So I did E5. And that was a mistake. And yet it wasn't. Listen, I have mixed feeling about this map alright? On one hand, if I didn't do this map, I probably could've gotten through E7 and got Iowa. But if I did, I got the BEST Italian, Pola. So I did it. And it cost me soooo many resources.
41 Runs
28 Retreats

May 11 - May 18

Notable Drops: I'm not gonna count the Kaga and Nagato

===E-6E===
Fuck this map AND its mother. I did not have a good time, mainly because if I used a CV heavy fleet we would go around the boss, and the CV light fleet couldn't pull off the kill... Until they did.
30 Runs
15 Retreats

May 19- May 25

Notable Drops: None

===E-7E===
I was so close to getting Iowa. So close. Last Dance, 19 health close. But RNG said it wasn't gonna happen. SO BE IT RNG.
30 Runs
7 Retreats
SO MANY FAILED KILLS

May 27 - May 31

Notable Drops: {{ShipBattleCardKai|Harusame}}
[[Category:Blog posts]]