<p style="text-align:center;">'''Spring 2016 "Total War" Final Stage'''</p>

<p style="text-align:center;">'''Failed'''</p>


Fuel: 0

Ammo: 3807

Steel: 11620

Bauxite: 11029



Sanity: 39%



To be honest, when I started this event, I based my predictions off my last two events, Winter 2016 and Fall 2015. And to be honest, those predictions were terrible. During Winter 2016 I barely managed to clear E3 Easy. EASY. And I didn't even touch the E4 Boss Node for Fall 2015. So I landed myself to getting to E5 Easy and giving up on the rest. But I got farther than that. I got to E7 Easy Last Dance. And that, to me, is an accomplishment. Having only played for around nine months, and really only taking it seriously for the past three, I really do pride myself for getting as far as I did. And, to be real with myself, getting Iowa was not my priority. It was to say that I went through total war and survived. And I still did. But, I did fail to get Iowa, and I can never really forgive myself, not as a person, but as an American. Anyways, with this in mind, I don't count this as a defeat. I count this as the best learning experience that I possibly could've had. Now I've had a taste of adapting to a new mechanic and true shiplocking (I did three maps on normal... IT COUNTS!) as I did Fall on easy, and Winter had no locks, whatever difficulty you chose (H -> N -> E). I've experienced true heartbreak (no sinking, but SHE WAS AT 19 HEALTH), RNG trolling, and those epic moments when you pull off something you thought was impossible. So, from past me to future me, you can do it, as long as you put your faith in it.



<p style="text-align:center;">'''END OF SPRING 2016 "TOTAL WAR" EVENT REPORT      '''</p>
[[Category:Blog posts]]