It's come to me that I haven't posted since October of last year. Definitely the biggest gap in information I've had, and for that I'm sorry. I'm sorry to the 2 people that read these. What can I say. I've become stronger? No, cause that doesn't really make sense for a browser gane. I've become better? No, because in the end it's all RNG. I've played more. Yes.  That is the only statement that holds water in this situation. I have so much to say, yet I feel as if it's impossible to put all into one page. I've remodeled countless girls, crafted for some one-of-a-kind equipment in the game, experienced bitter defeat and sweet victory. Brought home girls from some of the most BS events the devs have thrown at us. Obtained my first A-class medal, climbed the ranks of Hashirajima to a level that I'm happy with (I was even #835 for some time). For now, I'll just make a short, bullet-point list of all the accomplishments that have happened since October.


===Maps===
*Cleared World 6-1 through 6-3. It was for jets. Yes. Jets.

===Events===
*Cleared both Fall 2016 and Winter 2017. Fall was a cakewalk. Winter, less so. I'll make a separate rant about it later. There's so much to talk about with that one. 
*Winter 2017, however bullshit it was, was my first event that I managed to get an A-class medal on. So it's bittersweet.

===Kanmusu===
I'll be including girls who require blueprints, but don't get the "Kai Ni" tag, such as the Unryuu-class
*Remodeled countless girls, meaning I just forgot/didn't count. Here's a semi-informed list until I do confirm who it was
*{{ShipBattleCardKai|Hibiki/Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipBattleCardKai|Kasumi/Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipBattleCardKai|Kawakaze/Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipBattleCardKai|Abukuma/Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipBattleCardKai|Jintsuu/Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipBattleCardKai|Furutaka/Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipBattleCardKai|Kako/Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipBattleCardKai|Myoukou/Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipBattleCardKai|Nachi/Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipBattleCardKai|Haguro/Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipBattleCardKai|Yamashiro/Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipBattleCardKai|Bismarck/Drei}}
*{{ShipBattleCardKai|Ryuujou/Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipBattleCardKai|Chitose/Carrier Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipBattleCardKai|Chiyoda/Carrier Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipBattleCardKai|Hiryuu/Kai Ni}}
*{{ShipBattleCardKai|Zuikaku/Kai Ni A}}
*{{ShipBattleCardKai|Shoukaku/Kai Ni A}}
*{{ShipBattleCardKai|Unryuu/Kai}}
*{{ShipBattleCardKai|Amagi/Kai}}
*{{ShipBattleCardKai|Katsuragi/Kai}}
*That's about it for second remodels/BP uses. If I remember anything differently, I'll change it.

===Equipment===
*Upgraded things, got things from ships. Overall improved. Jets, SKC's, FuMO's, 20.3 (2)'s and (3)'s, 601 Squadron, Type 53 Iwamoto. You name it, it improved since last time.


Overall, things have progressed like things should. Forward. I find this strangely therapeutic. I might need to do more of this more often,
[[Category:Blog posts]]