'''暁の水平線に / akatsuki no suiheisen ni / On Dawn’s Horizon'''

 English

 (''Both'')
 Towards that ocean

 (Akagi)
 The glory of the day and my feelings
 I will engrave them into dawn’s ocean

 Memories of days past and nostalgic smiles
 Resolve and arrogance in a sea of regrets

 Gaze at towards the sky
 Raise my head and head out on the ocean

 With honed skills gather the glowing wings
 Release them into the sky
 All units, launch!

 97 lights (hopes), give me strength

 Release the zeroes of rebirth
 Towards tomorrow (the future)

 99 dreams (desires), these feelings

 No matter when, no matter where
 Shine and break through

 (''Shokaku'')
 I check these inherited wings
 And defend this ocean as much as my strength allows

 Why isn’t this enough?
 I don’t need to answer obvious questions like that

 Noble like a crane
 I will put everything on the line for this

 Gaze at the distant sky 
 Beyond the dawn

 With all my strength I release the bowstring, let these desires reach
 1st Carrier Division,
 Attack Wing, launch!

 We will shine like comets
 Zeroes of memory
 Escape the past to tomorrow (the future)

 Fly now
 Away from the sorrow
 Across the rainbow to the heavenly mountains

 We will glow
 Like those shooting stars

 (''Both'')
 97 lights (hopes), give me strength

 99 dreams (desires), these feelings

 Release the zeroes of rebirth
 Towards tomorrow (the future)

 Let the strong winds blow
 And charge forth

 No matter when 
 No matter where

 The promise of dawn...


 Japanese

 あの海に向うへ

 栄光の日　私の想い
 刻むの 暁の海に

 在りし日 懐かしい笑顔に
 決意と驕り　嘆きの海

 空の向う　睨んで
 顔を上げて　海上へ

 磨いた腕 集う　輝く翼達
 今こそ放つ
 全機　攻撃隊発艦！

 九七の（ひかり）よ　力よ

 輪廻の零
 解き放つの　未来へと

 九九の願望（ゆめ）　想いよ

 いつまでも　どこまでも
 輝いて　貫いて　さあ

 受け継いだ翼確かめ
 支えるのこの海　力の限り

 どうして　まだ足りないの？
 そんな修辞疑問いらないわ

 鶴のように　気高く
 やるわ　全てを賭けて

 遠くの空を　睨んで
 暁の向こう　彼方に

 今放つの　渾身の矢を　願い届いて
 一航戦
 攻撃隊　発艦始め！

 彗星のように瞬くの　私達
 零の追憶
 くぐり抜けて　過去を　未来へと

 哀しみを今
 翔び超えて行く
 虹かかる　天山

 輝くの
 あの流星達のように

 九七の希望（ひかり）　力よ

 いつまでも
 どこまでも

 九九の願望（ゆめ）　想いよ

 輪廻の零
 解き放つの　未来へと
 
 烈風を巻き起こして
 突き進め
 
 いつまでも
 どこまでも

 暁の約束を　今﻿


General Notes: 

- The original lyrics don't seem to be particularly well written...

- I translated all of the plane names literally rather than taking them as plane names. This seems to have been the exact opposite of what minatoku wanted the listeners to interpret, because it ends up sounding weird. 

- The last line is left up the the listener. Is the promise fulfilled?! お楽しみはこれからだ！

97 = Type 97 Torpedo Bomber / Zeroes = Type Zero Fighter / 99 = Type 99 Bomber / Comets = Suisei Bomber / Heavenly Mountains = Tenzan Torpedo Bomber (tbh I have very little idea of what they're trying to say here, but the comments on nicovideo make fun of it so who cares) / Shooting Stars = Ryuusei Torpedo Bomber

Other Character Songs: [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/User_blog:ToastSoul/Splendid_2nd_Torpedo_Squadron Splendid 2nd Torpedo Squadron] / [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/User_blog:ToastSoul/A_Morning_at_the_Naval_Base A Morning at the Naval Base] / [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/User_blog:ToastSoul/Bond_with_the_Admiral Our Bond With the Admiral]
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Music]]