there's gotta be a better way of doing this

[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/User_blog:ToastSoul/Dialogues:_Niishiro_1 ← Dialogues: Niishiro 1]

----
<font face="Courier">
<div align="center">- NIISHIRO 2 -</div>


PEACEFUL WATERS NAVAL BASE - SAMIDARE & HATSUHARU’S ROOM - STORMY DAY

Rain patters against the only window in the room, currently hidden behind its curtains. The room is bathed in a warm orange light by the cheap-looking ceiling lighting.

AKEMU NIISHIRO lies on the bottom bunk of the bunkbed, sniffling as she reads a thick manga magazine held above her head. On the lower, wooden-floored section of the room, her clumsy secretary, SAMIDARE, flusteredly cleans up a tea spill.

<div align="center"><poem>

AKEMU
Achoo!
(sniffling)
Ugh…

SAMIDARE
Ah, I’ll get you a tissue-

AKEMU
Don’t worry, I got this.
</poem>
</div>


AKEMU releases her top half from under the blankets, walking on her hands across to the low table nearby and seriously stretching for the box of tissues. After a few reaches, she manages to tip the rectangular box over onto it’s side, making it close enough to pull some tissues out.

<div align="center"><poem>

AKEMU
Too easy~
</poem>
</div>


She flips herself onto her back and blows her nose, still half out of bed.

<div align="center"><poem>

AKEMU
I should probably bring these a bit closer too, while I’m at it.

SAMIDARE
Oh, I can-

AKEMU
Samidare, I know you want to help me as much as you can, and I really do appreciate that, but something this simple I can do this on my own.

SAMIDARE
But you're sick!

AKEMU
I’m not gonna argue that I’m not sick, but while I’m definitely down, I’m not exactly dying.
</poem>
</div>


AKEMU slinks back into the bed, placing the box of tissues by its side.

<div align="center"><poem>

AKEMU
And besides, you already lent me your bed! I think that’s more than enough for now.

SAMIDARE
Oh, no, the least I could do was to give you a half-decent place to rest! The couch beds in the admiral rooms must be very uncomfortable after all.

AKEMU
Well, they're pretty good in couch-form!
Still, at least for now I’m going to enjoy snuggling up in here. Thanks, Samidare. Really.
I’ll make sure to get out of your hair as soon as I can.
</poem>
</div>


SAMIDARE stops her floor-drying activities and dives onto AKEMU, giving her a big hug.

<div align="center"><poem>

SAMIDARE
(tearing up slightly)
Oh Akemu, you can stay as long as you like! You're always welcome here!

AKEMU
Whoa, careful! Don't want this to spread to you, after all.
</poem>
</div>


A knocking can be heard from offscreen.

<div align="center"><poem>

HIRYUU
Excuse me.

</poem>
</div>


HIRYUU pushes open the already partially opened door with her back, giving herself an extra bit of room to bring in the tray of warm food she carries.

<div align="center"><poem>

HIRYUU
I’m not interrupting anything too important, am I?

AKEMU
Hiryuu! What are you doing here?

HIRYUU
Looking for you, actually. Miss Ami wanted me to bring you this food.

SAMIDARE
Ah, I can help with that.
</poem>
</div>


SAMIDARE gets up and walks over to HIRYUU, taking the tray off her hands and putting it down on the low table.

<div align="center"><poem>

SAMIDARE 
Honey lemon slices, ''okayu'', more tea...
</poem>
</div>


SAMIDARE opens the lid of the tea pot on the tray.

<div align="center"><poem>

SAMIDARE
Correction, honey lemon tea.
</poem>
</div>


SAMIDARE puts the lid back on as HIRYUU pulls out a wooden chair from under the nearest work desk and takes a seat.

<div align="center"><poem>

SAMIDARE
And a cooling patch. Miss Ami sure is prepared for your typical winter sickness...

HIRYUU
Oh, the cooling patch is from Mr. Masami. He said to use it if you feel like you're really burning up.

AKEMU
Aww, that’s so... doctor-y, of him!

HIRYUU
Uh, sure.

AKEMU
Y’know, having heard that, I think I’m already starting to feel better!

SAMIDARE
Unfortunately though, you actually look like you're a bit hot right now and just few words won't make it better. I’m gonna put this on you straight away, so just hold still...

AKEMU
Oh do we really have to?

SAMIDARE
Yes.
</poem>
</div>


SAMIDARE attempts to stick the cooling patch to AKEMU’s forehead, missing and instead sticking it across her eyes and the bridge of her nose.

<div align="center"><poem>

AKEMU
That’s an interesting place to put it. Is this a new type or something?

SAMIDARE
No, I’m just bad with my hands… And my legs… My entire body, really.
</poem>
</div>


SAMIDARE fixes the cooling patch to its correct place on AKEMU’S forehead before going back to the table to pick up the ''okayu''.

<div align="center"><poem>

AKEMU
Oh. Wait, I’ve got a crazy idea then! What if you purposely tried to do things badly? Would the bads cancel out? Like, you’d be bad at being bad, which would make it good…

HIRYUU
I doubt it would work like that… I get the feeling she would just end up doing things badly in a different way.

SAMIDARE
Hey! I do all the important stuff right! It’s just when I’m not paying too much attention that I slip up…
</poem>
</div>


Saying that, SAMIDARE returns to AKEMU’S side and carefully begins feeding her, balancing the bowl on her lap.

<div align="center"><poem>

AKEMU
Good point. I dunno, I just feel like there’s someway your clumsiness could be a good thing…

HIRYUU
Geez, you're so optimistic. Stupidly optimistic, really. I bet you weren't expecting you’d actually catch a cold after dragging me out into the forest, were you?

AKEMU
I wasn’t… But that was just because I wasn’t prepared. It won’t happen next time!

HIRYUU
I don’t really want to believe this, but the way you said that sounded an awful lot like you intend to run headfirst into the pouring rain again as soon as you get another chance.

AKEMU
I mean, if I run I might slip so I don’t think I’ll run. Safety first, Hiryuu!

SAMIDARE
She’s got a point. Trust me, I slip and fall over all the time!

AKEMU
You hear that? I’ve got a point! Yeah!
</poem>
</div>


AKEMU and SAMIDARE fistbump, triumphantly staring down HIRYUU. The bowl of okayu falls off SAMIDARE’s lap, spilling over the floor and causing her to panic. AKEMU remains frozen, unmoving in her triumphant fistbump position.

<div align="center"><poem>

HIRYUU
(facepalming)
You guys are idiots.
</poem>
</div></font>



----



<div style="text-align: right;"> [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/User_blog:ToastSoul/Winter_Winds Chapter 2: (re)start →]
</div>
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]