Made a short list of equipment currently worth farming, tips included.


==Equipment List==

{|
|-
|
|
http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/kancolle/images/9/93/RedGunHeavy.png '''41cm twin gun mount'''
*Source : Kongou-class Kai (lvl 25), Nagato-class Kai (lvl 30)
*Ship Drop : 3-2-A, 2-2, 4-2, 5-4 boss (Kongou) 3-3, 4-2 boss (Nagato)
*Reason : Material to upgrade 41cm and its variants. (38cm, proto46cm, 381mm-K2)
*How to grind ship : 3-2-A (flagship), PVP, 4-2 Weekly, 4-3 BB for DD grind.


http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/kancolle/images/0/05/RedPlane.png '''Type 99 Dive Bomber (Egusa Squadron)'''
*Source : Souryuu Kai ni (lvl 78)
*Ship Drop : 2-2 boss, 3-3, 3-4, 4-2
*Reason : To have more accurate dive bombers for support shelling.
*How to grind ship : 2-2 Flagship, 3-2-A CV, 3-3 Weekly, 4-2 Weekly. Casual.
*Finding Souryuu : 2-2 dailies boss S rank. World 3 & 4 weekly quests.


http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/kancolle/images/d/dc/BluePlane.png '''Type 97 Torpedo Bomber (Tomonaga Squadron)'''
*Source : Hiryuu Kai ni (lvl 77)
*Ship Drop : 2-3 boss, 3-3 boss, 3-4 boss, 4-2 boss?, 5-2 boss, Crafting.
*Reason : To have more accurate torpedo bombers for sorties. (3 accuracy contact bonus)
*How to grind ship : 2-2 Flagship, 3-2-A CV, 3-3 Weekly, 4-2 Weekly. Casual.
*Finding Hiryuu : World 3 & 4 weekly quests. Construction 300/30/600/400.


http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/kancolle/images/8/85/GreenPlane.png '''Type 0 Fighter Model 52'''
*Source : Ryuujou/Shouhou/Junyou/Hiyou/Houshou Kai (lvl 25), Akagi/Kaga/Souryuu/Hiryuu Kai (lvl 30), Chitose CV Kai (lvl35), Crafting
*Ship Drop :  2-1, 4-3 (Houshou) / 2-2, 3-3, 4-1, 4-2 (Others)
*Reason : To upgrade your best Fighters to +10. Recommended for events.
*How to grind ship : Bulk 3-2-A CVL grind, 4-1, 2-2 flagship.
*Resources spent to level a CVL to 25 is around 500-800 fuel & ammo. Recommended to grind CVLs in bulk. A guaranteed option for those who don't want to craft.


http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/kancolle/images/9/96/RedGunMedium.png '''20.3 twin gun mount (no.3)'''
*Source : Mikuma Kai (lvl 30), Kinugasa Kai ni (lvl 54)
*Ship Drop : 4-3 boss, 4-5 boss,5-2 boss (Mikuma), 5-4 (Kinugasa)
*Reason : Best CA gun.
*How to grind ship : 3-2-A, PVP, Casually.
*Finding Mikuma : Don't actively look for her. Do world 4 weeklies, 5-2 ranking.


http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/kancolle/images/9/96/RedGunMedium.png '''20.3 twin gun mount (no.2)'''
*Source : Ashigara Kai ni (lvl 65), Furutaka Kai ni (lvl 65), Kako Kai ni (lvl 65)
*Ship Drop : Common world 2 and 4
*Reason : Second Best CA gun. Easier to +10 than 20.3(no.3)
*How to grind ship : 3-2-A, weeklies, PVP, 5-4 flagship.


http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/kancolle/images/4/40/Torpedo.png '''61cm Quintuple (Oxygen) Torpedo Mount'''
*Source : Kitakami kai ni (lvl 50), Ooi kai ni (lvl 50)
*Ship Drop : 3-2-A, 2-2, common (KTKM) / 2-3 boss, 2-4 boss, 3-3, 4-2 boss (Ooi)
*Reason : To have more strong torpedoes.
*How to grind ship : PVP, 3-2-A, 2-2 Flag, Casual. Get Ooi and level both at same time at 4-3 (redface grinding).
*Finding Ooi : S rank nodes while doing world 3 & 4 weekly. Construction daily 250/30/200/30.


http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/kancolle/images/4/46/Radar.png '''Type 22 Surface Radar + Type 13 Air Radar'''
*Source : Kiyoshimo Kai (lvl 30), Hayashimo Kai (lvl 30)
*Ship Drop : 4-5 Boss
*Reason : To upgrade Type 22 K4/32 Radars and Type 13 Air Radar Kai.
*How to grind ship : 3-2-A, PVP, Casual.


http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/kancolle/images/4/46/Radar.png '''Type 21 Air Radar'''
*Source : Isuzu Kai (lvl 12), Abukuma Kai (lvl 17), Kinu Kai (lvl 17)
*Ship Drop : Anywhere (Isuzu), 4-1 Boss (Kinu) 4-2 Boss (Abukuma, Kinu)
*Reason : To +10 Kai version if u don't have already have a Fumo Radar.


http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/kancolle/images/f/f7/GreenGunDP.png '''10cm high angle gun mount'''
*Source : Many DD Kai. Crafting fail.
*Ship Drop : Everywhere
*Reason : Upgrade Type 94 Fire Detector & 10cm+AAFD.


http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/kancolle/images/9/96/RedGunMedium.png '''15.2cm twin gun mount'''
*Source : Agano-class + Kai (lvl 35), Crafting
*Ship Drop : 5-4 (Agano), 6-2 (Sakawa), Default LSC (Agano-class)
*Reason : To upgrade 15.2cm Kai or keep at +10.
*Finding Agano : Only 5-4 when ranking.


http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/kancolle/images/4/42/Sonar.png '''Type 3 Sonar'''
*Source : Naganami Kai (lvl 30), Kiyoshimo Kai (lvl 30), Makigumo Kai (lvl 30), Crafting
*Ship Drop : 5-4 (Naganami, Makigumo), 4-5 (Kiyoshimo)
*Reason : Upgrade Type 3 Sonars +10. Also material for upgrading Type 93 Passive Sonar to Type 4 Passive Sonar.


http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/kancolle/images/6/6f/DepthCharge.png '''Type 3 Depth Charge'''
*Source : Isuzu Kai ni (lvl 50), Crafting
*Ship Drop : Anywhere
*Reason : Obtaining more Depth Charges. Upgrade Type 3 Depth Charge +10.
*How to grind ship : 3-2-A, 4-3 flagship


http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/kancolle/images/2/2a/GreenGunMG.png '''25mm triple autocannon mount'''
*Source : Abukuma Kai (lvl 17), Yuubari Kai (lvl 25) Hamakaze Kai (lvl 30), Uzuki Kai (lvl 25), Akigumo Kai (lvl 30), Crafting Fail
*Ship Drop : 4-2 boss (ABKM), 30/30/30/30 construction (YBRI), 5-4 boss (Uzuki, Hamakaze, Akigumo)
*Reason : Low on screws. +10 25mm Triple Autocannon Mount (Concentrated Deployment) for Maya.


http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/kancolle/images/2/2a/GreenGunMG.png '''12cm 30-Tube Rocket Launcher'''
*Source : Chitose-class Kai ni (lvl 50)
*Ship Drop : Common at World 2 and above
*Reason : Fodder material for Daihatsu Landing Craft (Type 89 Medium Tank & Landing Force)
*How to grind ship : 3-2-A flagship, 2-2 CV flagship, weeklies


http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/kancolle/images/6/63/Searchlight.png '''Searchlight'''
*Source : Jintsuu Kai Ni, Choukai Ni (lvl 65), Sendai Kai ni (lvl 60), Ayanami Kai ni (lvl 70) and more
*Ship Drop : Anywhere
*Reason : To obtain a Type 96 150cm Searchlight.
*How to Grind ship : 3-2-A, 4-3, 2-2, etc.


- ''''' Other Notable Equipment''''' -
*'''Type 22 Surface Radar Kai 4''' & '''Skilled Look-out '''- ''Choukai Kai ni'' (lvl 65)
*'''Type 94 Anti-Aircraft Fire Director''' - ''Fubuki Kai ni'' (lvl 70) ''Maya Kai ni'' (lvl 75)


- '''''Crafting recipes''''' -
*'''46cm triple gun mount - '''10/251/250/10, 10/300/250/10'''<br />'''
*'''Type 91 AP Shell - '''10/30/90/10'''<br />'''
*'''Type 32 Surface Radar - '''10/10/250/250'''<br />'''
*'''Type 0 Fighter Model 52 & Type 0 Fighter Model 32 - '''10/20/10/30, 20/30/10/40, 10/30/10/31'''<br />'''
*'''Type 0 Observation Seaplane - '''10/10/10/20'''<br />'''
*'''Type 93 Passive Sonar - '''10/10/10/20'''<br />'''
|}


==Grinding Tip : Efficiency==
*Have lots of free ship slots (at least 35+)
*Level multiple fodder ships at the same time. 1SS + 1BB + 1 CV with Double Chevron bombers is sufficient for 3-2-A.
*4-3 Redface Grind: Don't hesitate to ''accidently'' F5 on bad compass. ;)
*Bring level 1 CA/CVLs to World 2 (kill boss 5 times) daily quests. Level Souryuu/Hiryuu/DDs as flagship.
*Use level 1 DD/CLs in short expeditions. Saves some fuel.
*Running out of low level submarines? Equip your level 1 DDs and CLs with ASW equipment & farm 1-5. Also great for sparkling high level DDs that are capable of Opening Anti-Sub Strike (64 ASW minimum w/3 type 4 sonars required).
*Too many lvl 1 DDs and CLs? Use them as meatshield for 2-2 or 3-2-A to level flagship.
*Use Lvl 1 BBs acquired from weekly quests to save ammo and fuel. Ideal place to use them are at 3-2-A, 4-1, 4-2, 4-3.
*Don't resupply ships when they are close to their remodel level.
*Don't Kai Souryuu/Hiryuu. (saves fuel & ammo)
*Take it easy.
__NOEDITSECTION__
[[Category:Blog posts]]