E-5 EASY MODE (roflcopter)

Runs 1-5: '''DEFINITELY NOT ANOTHER DISASTER '''
Runs 1 and 2 were just ''bad''. Please don't ask.
[Run 3]: Boss node! Good job, SUPPORT! You da real mvp. [S rank: drop: Fusou]

[Run 4]: Boss node! MIKADO LEVEL SUPPORTTTTTT! [S rank drop: Kitakami]

>Run 5: First node: I love taiha! Kongou got rekt! ahahaha.


Runs 6-10: '''WHAT THE H*LL HAPPENED TO MY FUEL!'''

[Run 6]: Boss node! Support is stupid! But Yukikaze saved my butt. [S rank drop: Yukikaze (lol)]

> Run 7: CV Hime: 5/12 ships taiha or chuuha! (fuel: 1.7K)

> Run 8: Ru-class: 3/12 ships taiha or chuuha! (fuel: 2.6K)

[Run 9]: Boss node! Support is still stupid! Isuzu is OP! 
=====190 + 134 DA wtf.=====
:::: [S rank drop: Junyou]

> Run 10: fail (fuel: 462)

Run 11-15 '''IS TODAY THURSDAY OR IS IT DOOMSDAY? (Day 4 of E-5 Madness)'''

> Run 11-15: ALL DA DAYTIME BONUSES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

:::: ''No Boss Nodes, all Ru-class or CV Hime blocking {fuel: 5K} to (fuel: 1.4K)''

:::: Oh how Error Cat is so BEAUTIFUL (Run 12 was first node error cat)

Run 16-21 '''I don't care anymore. Valentines' day? No love for me'''

> Run 16-21: Hiei taiha 5 times in preboss, ooi taiha once, haruna taiha once. No boss nodes.



Run 22-29: '''THIS EVENT ISN'T SOMETHING I CAN SCREW BECAUSE I LOST MY D**K'''

[Run 22] BOSS NODE S RANK FORGOT DROP, BUT IT WAS CRAP.

[Run 23] Boss Node, S rank. Kongou drop.

[Run 25] Wtf is this luck right now. Boss node, S rank. ''Used preboss support.''

[Run 26] ''Used preboss support''. Boss node S rank yey.



I will explain the details of a certain bet. I saw Teriyakian clearing E-5 easy pretty quickly and made a rash bet. If he cleared E-5 before me, I would put my junk into a cheese grater and grate it.

> I lost.

> I cleared E-5 an hour later than him.

> Never make bets again. (My groin is in pain).


===='''[RUN 29] <u>USED PREBOSS SUPPORT, BOSS NODE S-RANK MARUYU DROP. CLEARED.</u>'''====


'''<u>Lessons to be learned</u>'''

1. Use all supports.

2. Never give up

3. Lose your sanity

4. Never make bets.

5. Don't be stupid.

'''''23K fuel lost, 80 buckets lost.'''''

'''''I dun goofed.'''''
[[Category:Blog posts]]