Since I was a child, I loved night time (and Anime). Then, back in 2014 or so, I found out that there is actually a character in a game who loves night time/night battle, and that's one out of many reasons why this character woke my interest. Originally, I was planning on looking for the name of the game, but I couldn't search properly since I didn't have a mobile or laptop back then, so I had to drop it first.

When I got a new laptop in 2016, I decided to look for it again, and around December 2016, I finally found out the name of the game, and so I began looking into it (watching YouTube videos, reading through the wikia pages etc). After I've read enough I actually wanted to play it too, but after I saw that the game is restricted to Japan only, I sadly dropped that idea again.

On May 1st 2018, I found the KanColle Anime (I couldn't remember the name of the game anymore because there was an accident on December 31, so it was basically just a new Anime to me back then). When I saw Sendai in the Anime for the first time, I had the feeling that she'd become my favourite character in this Anime, and after she's been mentioning night time for the first time, I spit my drink over the whole table (literally... because ehm yes I love night time too and it's pretty rare to find characters that LOVE night time). Pretty much at the end of the Anime I got the strange feeling  that I knew some of the characters before, and that's when I remembered it. (It may sounds like a cliche, but that's what actually happened back then.)

After finishing it, I got so hyped for the game that I re-opened the wikia page and looked into the whole<br />registration thingy very closely, and that's when I found out that I can actually play it even if I live outside of Japan, and <br />even though it seemed pretty complicated to me, I tried to get this proxy-thing done, and in the night of my 18th birthday (May 17 to May 18), I finally managed to do so. It was the greatest birthday present I ever could've wished for.
[[Category:Blog posts]]