<p class="MsoNormal"><Morning></p>

<p class="MsoNormal">When I entered this world, the first person I saw was Admiral. He had a beautiful smile and a caring gaze from his eyes. Admiral made sure that I felt welcome in this new place, and believe me I did.</p>

<p class="MsoNormal">  </p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><Afternoon></p>

<p class="MsoNormal">Admiral showed me around the base, taught me many things about this world, he even took me out for a treat. Jeez, are you trying to make me fall in love with you or something, stupid Admiral!</p>

<p class="MsoNormal">  </p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><Evening></p>

<p class="MsoNormal">Even though I hate Admiral’s stupid face, I cannot lie that my heart jumps with excitement when I am with him. Occasionally my face blushed. This feeling, they call it love right? I guess I fell in love with Admiral already. No, I am positive that I love him! Admiral! Just you wait, I will show you that I am the best!</p>

<p class="MsoNormal">  </p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><Night></p>

<p class="MsoNormal">Admiral, Admiral! You being around others make me feel uncomfortable. The fact that I am not the only ship is just wrong. You were there when I entered this world, you took care of me, so you must take responsibility for my feeling... right?</p>

<p class="MsoNormal">  </p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><00:00></p>

<p class="MsoNormal">Admiral! There you are! Why are you crying? Aren’t you happy to see me? Of course you are, right? Why are you calling other girls? They are not here anymore! Now there is just one ship in this base, you will look at me and me alone right? Oh I am so happy, Admiral! So happy! I love you, Admiral. We will be together… forever.</p>
[[Category:Blog posts]]
[[Category:Fanfic]]