'''It's incomplete, but I'm lazy.'''

After submitting the construction form to my secretary, I went to take a smoke. This is our 420th Large Scale Construction for Yamato and our patience are growing thin. I can see Ooyodo losing it in her eyes as she walks out the door. 

Yahagi and Shouhou came around to talk to me, concern about my health and sanity. I gave them a faint smile before turning them away. I don't know if we'll get Yamato this time and I don't care anymore...

"I've done it! Yamato is here!". Ooyodo pounced at me 

She came out of nowhere, jumping around with joy like a rabbit in the field. 

"I have?...wait, I need to see it!" I brushed it aside, thinking it's just a mistake she made as she dragged me to the construction site. 

As she open the metal door, I felt an unpleasant feeling running through my stomach...it must be the rain.

I walked inside and what I saw is a woman around 175 cm tall with brown hair and...a black vacant eye. But judging from her physical appearance...it really is Yamato. 

"Huh...I thought her personality will be more energetic." 

It was at that moment that I heard a subtle voice coming from somewhere

"ad.....m....i....ra...l"

As I look carefully again I realized...the umbrella she's holding isn't small...it's huge...just like the one Shouhou was holding.

"Oh shit... who gave Ooyodo FMA to read?" said a voice in my mind

The next day I found out Suzuya was the culprit so I sent her on an 80 hr expedition...in the meantime I should let Ooyodo watch Mahou Shoujo Madoka to stop her from thinking of weird stuffs.
[[Category:Blog posts]]