Compilation of "Bastard method" in playing KC. The definition of "bastard" is not an illegitimate child of a house but a method that is made just to taiha your ships. Also include other stupid ideas in between.

==1-5 Bastard Sparkling: 1 ASW DD/CL + 3 Fodder DD/CL==

We are only aiming mostly for A-rank (occasional S-rank). Since you no longer need CVL to reach boss. You can equip the ship that you want to sparkle with ASW gear and put her as Flagship. The other 3 DD/CL are just fodders that you used; they can sink halfway which will A rank harder but still possible.

==1-6: Kuso Monthly Strat: 1 CL/DD + 5 Fodder DD==

You all know this one. Carry on.

==2-3: Bastard Oreling: 1 SS==

Still, need more testing, but >1 SS seems to route middle path not matter what, which can route you to the resource nodes below. This allows you to obtain 1-3 of them before you face a surface fleet that will definitely gangtickle your SS.

==5-5: Kuso Fuel Farming: 1 Drum/Daihatsu carrier + 4 Fodder DD + 1 XX==

They go south, get around 70-100 fuel depending on amount of drum/daihatsu brought. Choose Diamond for maximum FS defense. Watch them sink.

==2-2: Possible grinding strat: 3 CV(L) + 1 SS + 2 XX==

Mainly for Transport daily/weekly (3 CV(L) + 1 SS). Won't recommend for grinding.

Still, need more testing, but 3 CV(L) seems to route to transport node (left) no matter what (yes, even with slow ship). The EXP isn't bad and you get 2 Transport per run. This means you can equip all your 3 CVL with Torpedo bombers, let your SS tank like the old days and put two ships to level if wanted (not recommended much because cost/efficient). Note that transport Ta-class doesn't attack Submarine.

==2-2: Boss daily + Bauxite: 2 CV(L) + 1 SS + 2 DE + 1 AV ==

Guaranteed routing to boss. SS tanks E node; can be replaced with something else (e.g. AV, CL, DD) If DE gets hit, they're less likely to taiha. 2 CV(L) equip with 1-2 fighters to achieve around 100 FP to avoid losing too much planes then throw everything into torpedo bombers. 1 AV for guaranteed routing to F for bauxite.
[[Category:Blog posts]]