{{Ambox
|type = stub
}}
<!--
==Guidelines==
===Sandbox: Testing wikia code===
* If you're not yet editing an article but look forward to learning and testing how the wiki source editing works - feel free to add a section to [[Sandbox]] and play around.
* Determine if you'll need a new Sandbox page, or just a section.
** If you're just testing test formatting, a new template, put it as a section.
** If you're doing an article overhaul, please create a Sandbox Page
** Decide by yourself if the edit is large enough.
* How to create a Sandbox page:
** Just edit the link [[Sandbox/MyTest]] to the name of your test
** Samples: [[Sandbox/Furniture]], [[Sandbox/Ship]]
** These pages are technically '''sub-pages''' of Sandbox, as you can see there is a back link at the top of the article, below the name.

===Editing Existing articles===
* As much as possible, do not use VisualEditor. Many of the pages on the wiki have complex code, and some even having custom templates - which might not be handled correctly by the VisualEditor, thus destroying the content upon saving.
** Thus, you should use SourceEditor.
** There had been wipes to whole article sections which we are still unsure if intentional vandalism, or just the misuse of VisualEditor.
* If you are unsure if your edit will be applied seamlessly onto the article, please post a comment below this page, and ask for help.
* If your edit is a major revision / overhaul, make sure to place it first onto a [[Sandbox]] page (''explained on the previous section''), and ask on [[Suggestion]] for approval.
* If your edit, or template has not been applied to the article but already saved, it might just be the cache and you'll need to do a '''[http://community.wikia.com/wiki/Help:Purge purge]''' or '''NullEdit''' (''saving the article again without editing anything'').

===Creating a new article===
* Unless unquestionably needed, usually you should first ask on the [[Suggestion]] page if you want to create a new article.
* If the page you are working on is not yet finalized, consider putting an "Under Construction" template and adopting the page.
** You do not need to Sandbox new articles as long as you have this template
<pre>
{{Under Construction
|Page Adopted = YOUR_USERNAME_HERE
}}
</pre>
* '''Article Naming Conventions'''
** Ship pages:
*** Full English name as article name.
***'''ū''' becomes '''uu''', and '''ō''' becomes '''ou''' ([[Ryuujou]], [[Taihou]])
** Equipment pages
*** Full English name as article name
** Anime pages
*** <code>Anime/'''CONTENT'''</code>: [[Anime/Characters]], [[Anime/Staff & Cast]]
*** <code>Anime/'''ENGLISH_TITLE'''</code>: [[Anime/Nice to meet you, Commander!]]
*** <code>Anime/'''RŌMAJI_TITLE'''</code>: will redirect to the link with English title
*** Anime characters do not have their own page. They are integrated into Ship pages on a separate section.
** Merchandise pages
*** <code>Merchandise/'''CONTENT'''</code>: [[Merchandise/Manga]]
** Articles that can be promoted to its own main page
*** [[KanColle Kai]]
** Page aliases. See [[Special:ListRedirects]]

==Projects and Roles==
===Continuous or Recurring===
* '''[[Recent Updates]]''' (''during update hours'')
** [[User:MadMarchHare|MadMarchHare]] uploads Twitter patch notes translation on the comments section.
** [[User:コノエユメ|コノエユメ]] edits the ''Last Update'' section simultaneously
** [[User:Dragonjet|Dragonjet]] creates new Ship articles, or adds Remodel boxes onto existing Ship pages.
** Either [[User:Vlrxnlr21|Vlrxnlr21]] or [[User:Dragonjet|Dragonjet]] uploads new CGs onto ship galleries.
** [[User:Dragonjet|Dragonjet]] organizes old updates onto [[Board:News_and_Announcements|Forum threads]] and edits the table on ''Archived updates''.
** ''If you want to join the task force, ask any of the contributors above to assist. Editing involved articles during this time may cause revision conflicts.''

* '''[[Recent Updates]]''' (''after update fixes'')
** There are many editors and fixes after the update, feel free to edit as long as you resolve revision conflicts if any arise.
** Please do not force overwrite others' work. If you have accidentally done so, the [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Recent_Updates?action=history revision history] is always there to help.

* '''[[Events]]''' (''event pages, during peak community engagement'')
** If you are reporting a fleet composition, equipment set, or enemy pattern, please consider posting it to the special '''[[Board:Special_Events|Report Threads]]'''.

* '''[[Anime]]''' (''sometime after a subbed episode is released'')
** [[User:Arteria|Arteria]], among others, slowly add information about the latest episode.

===Ongoing===
* Organize '''[[Anime]]''' and '''[[Merchandise]]''' pages & subpages
** Head: [[User:Arteria|Arteria]]

* QC '''[[Ship]]''' pages, among others
** Contributors: [[User:Arteria|Arteria]]

* Improve information on '''[[Combat#Artillery_Spotting|Artillery Spotting]]'''
** Head: [[User:Homuhomu123|Homuhomu123]]

* '''Audio Clips''' on Ship Quotes
** Contributors: [[User:Renexcrimson|Renexcrimson]], [[User:RumRaisin|RumRaisin]], [[User:Mogamibestkamusu|Mogamibestkamusu]]
** Former Head: [[User:Kokotan|Kokotan]] (''inactive'')
** [[Template:Audio|Audio]], [[Template:Audio2|Audio2]], [[User:Dragonjet/Laboratory#Audio|Usage]], [[User:Dragonjet/scripts/sm2.js|sm2.js]] - [[User:Dragonjet|dragonjet]]

* Construction of '''[[Tutorial: Leveling]]''' page
** Head: [[User:Ninthsense|Ninthsense]]

===Completed===
* Revamp for '''[[Furniture]]''' article
** Head: [[User:Fujihita|Fujihita]]. Helpers: [[User:Zel-melon|MelonLord]], [[User:Dragonjet|dragonjet]]


==Editing Tutorials==
This section is copied from the [[Kancolle_Wiki:Community_Portal|community portal]]. It should help and lead the way for new users to start contributing to the wiki. In case concerns are not found on the guides, people can comment on this article to ask for help in editing.
* If you are new to wikis, you may want to read the '''[[Help:Tutorial 1|tutorial]]'''.
* A list of most help pages can be found on '''[[Help:Contents]]''' and in '''[[:Category:Help]]'''.

===How to help out===
* Another helpful activity would be to check the list of '''[[Special:WantedPages|wanted pages]]''' for frequently linked-to articles that don't exist yet, but ask first on the comment section if the page you want to start is actually needed. Many of the wanted pages are wiki defaults.
* To follow the changes to this wiki, and to look out for new users and edits use '''[[Special:RecentChanges|recent changes]]'''.
* You can find a list of useful templates on '''[[:Category:Templates]]''', some of which are documented on '''[[{{ns:project}}:Templates]]'''.
* If you need help editing, you could start with '''[[Help:Editing]]''' or '''[[Help:Tutorial 1|the tutorial]]'''.

===Things to do===
{{col-begin}}
{{col-2}}
; Useful activities
* Help expand some '''[[:Category:Article stubs|article stubs]]'''.
* '''[[Special:ShortPages|Locate]]''' and '''[[Template:Stub|mark]]''' pages that need expanding as [[:Category:Article stubs|article stubs]].
* Create links to some '''[[Special:LonelyPages|orphaned pages]]'''.
* Upload and add some images! Visit '''[[Special:Upload]]'''. Add them to a category too, like <nowiki>[[</nowiki>[[:Category:Images]]<nowiki>]]</nowiki>.
* Write a new article that's on '''[[Special:WantedPages|the wanted list]]'''!
* Fix any '''[[Special:DoubleRedirects|double redirects]]''' by redirecting the first page to the third page.
* Check for '''[[Special:BrokenRedirects|broken redirects]]''' and either mark them for deletion or find a more appropriate target.
* Consider splitting up very '''[[Special:LongPages|long pages]]''' into different pages or subpages.
* Create some links on '''[[Special:DeadendPages|dead end pages]]'''.
* ''Add more...''
{{col-2}}
; Other useful special pages
*[[Special:Mycontributions|your contributions page]]
*[[Special:BrokenRedirects]]
*[[Special:DoubleRedirects]]
*[[Special:UncategorizedCategories]]
*[[Special:UncategorizedImages]]
*[[Special:UncategorizedPages]]
*[[Special:UnusedImages]]
*[[Special:WantedCategories]]
*[[Special:WikiStats]], [[Special:Statistics]], [[Special:Version]]
*'''Check out the full list of special pages at [[Special:SpecialPages]].'''
{{col-end}}


==Useful Templates==
===Normal===
{| class="wikitable" style="width:100%"
|-
! style="width:100px;" |Template
!Description
|-
|[[Template:Shipinfo|Shipinfo]]
|Ship information box for those with '''no''' aircraft
|-
|[[Template:Shipinfo2|Shipinfo2]]
|Ship information box for those '''with''' aircraft
|-
|[[Template:Tweet|Tweet]]
|Show Twitter Translations
|-
|[[Template:AnimePortal|AnimePortal]]
|Right Sidebar box for Anime navigation
|-
|
|''add more''
|}

===MediaWikis===
{| class="wikitable" style="width:100%"
|-
! style="width:100px;" |Name
!Description
|-
|[[MediaWiki:Twitter|Twitter]]
|Shows twitter feed widget for @KanColle_STAFF
|-
|[[MediaWiki:JPClock|JPClock]]
|Show JST [[Kaga]] Clock
|-
|
|''add more''
|}
[[Category:Help]]
[[Category:Community]]
-->