This thread is for the discussion of Kancolle Anime Episode 6; "Sixth Destroyer Division & the ''Battle of Curry Seas"''

<p style="color:rgb(0,0,0);">Episode will be airing tomorrow ('''Feb 12th''') at (i think) 1:00 AM JST.</p>

<p style="color:rgb(0,0,0);">You can vent whatever you want to your heart contents here but play nice with each other.</p>
<u>Note:</u>

It's finally time for people's favorite destroyer division, the 6th Division! Featuring Hibiki, the Russian phoenix; Akatsuki, the lady-like exiled ninja; Ikazuchi, the thunderous loli-mom; and Inazuma, the Miyuki showstopper. 

Join them as they battle through the delicious Curry sea; eating hot & spicy flavor of the south to the mild flavor of the north...wait...not that curry sea? Oh, they mean this [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indian_Ocean_raid Curry Sea].

<u>'''Add After Watching''' (Minor Rant since we're either 25(?) or 50%(?) through the series):</u>

HOLY SHIP! I didn't actually expect a real Battle of "CURRY". Wait, what the hell am I watching again? Is this Kantai no Soma? What happened to the depressing event a few episodes ago? Is this episode showing the creation of the ultimate bioweapon that will one-shot any abyssal ship? What is actually the point of this episode? Why am I feeling this will be another Strike Wtich series with 6-8 episodes of no progress? When will I get my Ooikami lesbo-suggestive episode!?

Next you're going to tell me the there's an episode about Naka's concert and her rise to become a fleet idol. Hell why not, they should also add in a kantai school festival and let them eat cake and drink tea. Don't forget an episode about Shimakaze's dream to become the blue hedgehog of the sea. 

This episode gets 11/10 because in the end...6th division is still cute as ship. <ac_metadata title="Kantai Collection Anime: Episode 6 Discussion"> </ac_metadata>