'''This thread will be open after the 12th Episode aired (26 March) and will be used as a place to collect people's opinion on the anime.'''

This is separated from Episode 12 thread in order to help organize discussion based on EP12 alone (e.g. Poi K2 pantyflash turns me on, Akagi bewb still big etc.) and Overall Anime discussion (e.g. The anime is _____).

It's closed to prevent bias before watching EP12...who knows...EP12 might go out with such a bang that left us so hard/wet and ask for more immediately.

'''As always; play nice with each other. Especially this one...since opinion will surely clashes.'''

'''Fun-fact''' (credit to Kenji's link): 96.3% of people voted no for buying Blu-ray, guess their money will be coming from somewhere else *cough* KDKW *cough*.

----
If you put in Others write something down there otherwise we don't know what this "Others" is.
<poll>
What are your opinion on the anime?
It's great, hoping for a second season.
It's good, but could have been better
Meh
Oh god...what have they done?
The Director don't know what they're doing.
I never finish it but want to comment anyways.
Other
</poll>

----

<poll>
What episode do you like the most?
Episode 1 (The Introduction)
Episode 2 (The Buckegasam EP)
Episode 3 (The Madoka-wannabe EP)
Episode 4 (The Kongou-fan, Shimakaze-fan catering episode)
Episode 5 (The Zuikaga EP I)
Episode 6 (The cute-girls-doing-cute-things EP aka Motherflippin CURRY)
Episode 7 (The Zuikaga EP II)
Episode 8 (The OBLIGATORY...SWIMSUIT...EPISODE!)
Episode 9 (The Fubuki-jealous episod...oh wait...it's a Poi kai ni EP?)
Episode 10 (The Fubuki-fan(?) catering EP)
Episode 11 (The cliche EP 11 plot twist or problem EP)
Episode 12 (The "Let's just put everything in the mixer" Episode)
Like the most? I hate all episode! (yet I still watch it)
</poll>

----
<poll>
Do you want another season? Does it deserve one?
Yes, it deserves it
Yes, but it's not the 2nd season we deserve
No, please let it rest in peace.
</poll>  <ac_metadata title="Kantai Collection Anime: Discussion and Review"> </ac_metadata>