'''TO ADMINS: One of you need to change Episode 10 to Episode 11 in the front page since I can't do that. Thanks.'''

This thread is for the discussion of Kancolle Anime Epoisode 11; "Operation MI, Commence!" or "MI作戦! 発動!"

Episode will be airing in tomorrow (March 19th) at (i think) 1:00 AM JST

You can vent whatever you want to your heart contents here but play nice with each other.
----
'''Note/Rant:''' Kancolle anime is like an indecisive teenager. It has lots of time and resources provided to them but in the end they don't know where they want to head. So they just decided to combine a bunch of cliche from many genres together and hope it works (Madoka Ep 3 Factor, obligatory swimsuit episode, filler episode (Ep6), forced story (Mutsuki/Kisaragi, Ooi/KTKM, Admiral) and the use-ep11-for-quick-and-sudden-climax-buildling-because-it-was-fooling-around-for-the-pass-6+ - episodes (many 12 episodes anime cliche).

I swear; the last two episodes might even do something like they're losing, Nagato got captured and to be executed via pink nuke and smiled at the end (along the way Akagi sunk), Fubuki became new leader (probably end of ep 11) and brought victory to them via dues ex machina. Then ALMOST at the end they'll present us with a new enemy trying to foreshadow another season...which they probably won't get.

'''Quoting from User:Echoholic '''

''"The problem with the writing I realized is that the script writer obviously doesn't play Kancolle...It's all written based off online research and knowledge about WWII...Whenever they stop doing slice-of-life which is easy to write, they fall back on copying history which sucks...This is why the anime is bad"'' <ac_metadata title="Kantai Collection Anime: Epoisode 11 Discussion"> </ac_metadata>