Now, '''before everyone went shitfest '''on me please hear me out. A long time ago we had this problem with the classification of BB as there's this another class called Battlecruiser (let's call it BC) that never comes into fruition because the classification of fBB, BB, and BBV are already engraved into the community.

Think of the Escort case as the same, but we are trying to avoid the long-term complications. Now, most people are probably already comfortable with calling the current Escort ships, DE (Destroyer Escort); however, there's also another classification called PF (Patrol Frigate)....and many others. Basically, calling it DE will only cover one type of Escort ships (same with PF). So, calling them DE can cause complications in the future.

'''Kaibokan, or the escorts we have right now, are labeled as "Escorts"'''

This has been discussed and the question was asked to the Naval History and Heritage Command (NHHC) Library regarding the classification. The result was that it is viable to keep calling them "DE" or "E", but definitely not "PF". However, DE might not be the best classification of Escort as stated above.

'''Basically, both DE and PF is wrong as it won't cover all type of Escorts so they just recommend "E".'''

Therefore, '''a shit solution was made: make our own classification'''. The poll for some possible classification that makes sense are below:

http://www.strawpoll.me/12943149

Any comments and suggestions can be thrown down here along with any shitfest incoming from trying to force change upon humanity - something people hate. <ac_metadata title="Escort Ship Classification: Complications that should be solved early."> </ac_metadata>