Hi I'm a not-so-pro ttk here; Sorry if I posted this wrongly since I can't find anywhere more approperiate. (Please don't bite :x)

I wanted to start ranking so that I can possibly get those monthly rewards XD

Thing is, I read up a few of the game mechanics and such, and I still don't get it despite reading it throughly and such.

Monthly experience points = HQ Exp for this month / 1428<span style="color:rgb(0,0,0);font-size:16px;font-weight:normal;line-height:26px;">, e.g. 100,000 HQ Exp gives 70 points.</span>
*A number of 5-4 runs per day required to reach x points by the end of a month can be approximated as (assuming all EO are cleared and disregarding other gains) 1.5 * x[in hundreds] - 10, e.g. about 20 for 2,000 points.
For example, if I were to sortie to 5-4 (B - ranked boss node) once, would I get 1 Ranking Point?

as the HQ exp I got from the boss: 2880 - (0.8 * 190) = 2728

which then when changed into points: 2728 / 1428 = 1 (Round Down?)

Am I right? I think I got a feeling I did it all wrong though ._." I mean, it's quite confusing for me to understand what the 'x[in hundreds]' , 'reach x points' etc meant. (And I totally disregarded it...)



Also, I'd need tips on roughly how many sorties to 5-4 (B rank for full sub team) I'd need to run '''per day''' to go up in the rank ladder, if not, maintain it. 



I appreciate all replies. Sorry for this mess since I don't really know how to format this. Thanks in Advance! :D <ac_metadata title="Ranking Points. How it actually works (+Tips)" related_topics="Ranking" lastmove="1460797103"> </ac_metadata>