As most of you already know, the first poll has ended a while ago with 386 vs 388 in favor of '''Something Else'''.
This poll was created to decide whether people prefer practicality over historical accuracy. As DE was already well known way before the other choices were introduced, the poll was rigged against DE to get a better view of whether the community actually cares enough to have it changed to something else. Seeing as DE actually lost even though it had an overwhelming advantage, it proves that there exists a majority that actually don't want to use DE. With that, we move on to the next poll.

The following poll has the following choices:
* EE (Escort Ship)
* KB (Kaiboukan)
* PF (Patrol Frigate)

To give everyone a recap as to what the arguments are behind each choices...

'''Arguments that the Kaiboukan should be EE (Escort):'''
* Escort can basically mean PF, DE and Kaiboukan, pretty much resolving everything in the debate.
* The ship card in-game states that they are '''Escorts'''.
* Nobody can claim that EE is wrong, because it literally means Escort. In case foreign escorts gets added, there will be no problems at all if it gets the same API as the Kaiboukan.

'''Arguments that the Kaiboukan should be KB (Kaiboukan):'''
* The ships are given the tag 海防 in their cards, so simply classifying them as KB is also another possibility.
* Any argument for EE can be used for this choice as well. It is only a matter of preference whether you want EE or KB.

'''Arguments that the Kaiboukan should be PF (Patrol Frigate):'''
* The ONI has classified the Shimushu-class as PF: [http://archive.hnsa.org/doc/id/oni222j-japan-navy/pg107.htm source]
* Page 40 of the USN Technical Mission to Japan classified the Kaiboukan as PF: [http://www.fischer-tropsch.org/primary_documents/gvt_reports/USNAVY/USNTMJ%20Reports/USNTMJ-200H-0602-0659%20Report%20S-03.pdf source]
* The US Army identification magazine used both DE and PF interchangeably: [https://archive.org/details/USANJOR194405-nsia source] (Note: Magazine, thus most likely not official practice)


Keep in mind the following regarding this poll:
* This poll will close on 23-05-2017 at 05:00 JST. It is the same time when the quest resets take place.
* You must be logged in with a gmail.
* You can now edit your own choice after voting, in case you change your mind or if you accidentally missclicked.
* You will not be able to see the results. The results will be displayed when the poll closes.

You are recommended to read through the arguments and discussions first to gain an understanding as to what is happening, before you decide to cast your vote.

In case you are ready, you can access the poll [https://goo.gl/forms/JWyw1vIgwi7SPS6S2 here].

Good luck.

EDIT: It seems like I wasn't clear enough, as I never once said that DE has been eliminated. This poll is meant to get the people who don't want DE, who are now the majority, settle on one of the 3 classifications. If I am going to make a 4 way poll now, no shit DE would win due to all the votes getting split. If the opposing majority at least comes to a conclusion together and gets pitted against DE, it would be fair at the very least. <ac_metadata title="Poll: Choose the classification of the Kaiboukan - Part 2"> </ac_metadata>