I think it's time that I end this second poll prematurely and stop this ridiculous farce. The first poll was meant to allow the minority to have a voice into this matter, instead of simply swaying into the favor of the masses. I have created the second poll in order to see what the consensus among people are, but the votes are split way too much to give people a realistic chance of defeating DE, not to mention that negative reactions has even reached here when I intentionally left out some keywords, just to give people the false idea that DE is getting terminated (funny how so many dummy accounts were created this day). With that, wikia will now be using DE effectively as of today, regardless whether it is incorrect or not, because the majority is already tired of this shit, including me.

As for the historians who I have tried to support, you guys started as the minority, but eventually defeated the majority that is DE in this poll. That in itself, is an achievement and I applaud you all for doing your best to integrate historical knowledge into this player base. But you see, the player base do not care about it being historically correct or not, as long as its easy to use and remember. But alas, I have grown weary and tired of this as well, the longer I let this matter go on, the longer the delay will be for me to finally do something productive for once. We have to accept that you can never satisfy everyone in the community, with the historians ending up as the minority in this case. The decision to support the minority is mine alone, do not blame yourself because of the situation I have ended up in, I am used to being the bad guy anyway and I admit that my actions were rather high-handed.

With that said, it is not the end for you historians. Just because the community does not want to integrate historical accuracy in their classification, it does not mean that you guys shouldn't write historical facts about them in the trivia. This way, the people who are indeed interested in the history will get a chance to learn something obscure in which many might have chosen to ignore. You have done nothing wrong by bringing up historical sources in this matter to go against DE, because as mentioned by the devs themselves, this game was meant to teach people about history. Just note that should complications arise in the future in which cast doubt on the use of DE for the Kaiboukans, I will not hesitate to terminate it for real when the time comes.

With that, this case is finally resolved.

PS: I really should've just settled on Loli Escorts or China Fuck Boats since the beginning.

EDIT: Well, so much for finally settling on a choice. My decision has been overruled again by the upper echelon, wikia will now use EE as of now and will disregard the poll, regardless of other communities using DE.

2ND EDIT: New information has been brought to light. The decision to maintain DE will be final this time. Check [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Thread:562816#142 this] for more info. As for the upper echelons, pay them no mind. This [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Thread:564346 poll] is also void as of now.<ac_metadata title="Wikia will adapt DE for the Kaiboukans as of today"> </ac_metadata>