I believe we have our fair share of stuff we hate about this event. So to let off some steam, you can vote and/or rant about it here. If rant, keep it civil between users. Yes, I know you can only choose one (believe me, I know many of you have more than one). Just rant whatever you still want to rant below.

ADD: Okay, no more adding of options after this because it removes old votes. Sorry about that.

<poll>
What I hate the most about this event?
E1: Because surface fleet in Sub map is bad
E2: Nu-kai says hi
E3: I-node won't let me pass
E3: That Bermuda triangle of MNH hell.
E4: Boss of Armor roll of Fuck-everyone-without-Euroship/Prinz
E4: There was no debuff but I believe there's one
E4: I HAVE NO EUROSHIP!
E5: Painstakingly resource bleeding map
E5: Fuck you, Sub node
E5: You're tearing me apart, F-node
E5: I HAVE NO EUROSHIP!
E6: Longer than Lord of the Rings Trilogy TP Phase
E6: Fuck you, sub node
E6: GDI node P/K
E7 - In general
E7: Debuff phase of (Why can't I reach J/K node)
E7: Debuff phase of I-can't-reach-node-P
E7: Gimmick is bullshit because you need it to clear the map. It's a requirement.
E7: SS Loli Hime (she even says she'll return during E-1)
E7: DD Hime (why can't I hit her???)
E7: CV Hime (that random taiha from her despite debuff)
E7: BB Hime + Imps (...)
E7: Boss of choked Excalibur (why won't you die?)
E0: Kancolle
E0: Tanaka
E0: PT Imps
E0: Submarines (Echelon/Line-abreast my ass)
Others? (No, ship farming and ship-lock don't count)
</poll>

I got bored so let's make another one for the players instead of the map.

<poll>
Things that you hate about players this event (or something...)
E1/E2: Those who got Sagiri in less than 5 runs
E3/E4: Those who got Amagiri in less than 5 runs
E4: Those who cleared E4H/M/E LD in less than 5 run
E5: Those who got Matsuwa in less than 5 runs
E6: Those who got Mario in less than 5 runs (Luigi)
E0: Those who got _____ in less than 5 runs.
E7: Those who cleared E7H LD in less than 5 runs.
E7: Fucker who cleared E7H LD during day-time.
E0: People who put dive bomber on their fleet when they have torpedo bomber.
E0: People who put 2 guns 1 torpedo on their DD
E0: People who put Torpedo/Torpedo-bomber on their support.
E0: People who copy fleet without thinking.
E0: People who put torpedo cut-in on low luck ship.
E0: People who said E7H is easy.
EW: Wikia being shitty with info again
EW: Wikia being slow with info again
EW: The Magical Dragon Sister Debuff of E4
</poll><ac_metadata title="[Event Poll (For fun)]: The thing you hated the most about this event" notify_everyone="1504461186"> </ac_metadata>