This is the general discussion area for [[Summer 2016 Event/E-1]].

==What you may discuss here==
*Equipment loadout
*Ship arrangement
*LBAS loadout
*Support expedition loadout
*Farming and clearing strategies
*Game mechanics (both old and new) and boss gauge HQ scaling report (which is also [[Events/Mechanics#Difficulty Selection|a mechanics]]).
*Branching rules. If you wish to propose a branching rule, here's a read-only <span style="font-size:18px;">[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HXswAHk3ukAkLiLgU4kq707UihLCeiBmUSOW7mBAqFc/edit?usp=sharing composition report data spreadsheet]</span> you can use to check the validity of your proposal yourself.
*Test composition request.

==What you may NOT discuss here==
*Fleet composition to achieve a certain branching. Report those to the <span style="font-size:18px;">[https://goo.gl/forms/za1XBzofbwHeMPzD3 Google Form]</span> instead. You may request a frontliner to test a composition in this thread. The frontliner may then report the result in both this thread and Google Form without penalties.
*Drops: where they drop and at which rank that they drop. Those information are already available on Poi Statistics and various other automated databases.
*Enemy patterns report. Again, they're available on Poidb. While you may not report enemy patterns here, you may discuss how to beat these patterns and/or warn others of hard patterns.
*Salty and bragging posts. Do that in the comment section of [[Summer 2016 Event|the event article]] instead.
*Anything not related to E-1 map. Any suggestions or concerns to our wiki staff can go to [[Suggestion]]. Everything else can go to our live [[Special:Chat|chat]]

Good luck and fair seas, Admirals!<ac_metadata title="[Summer 2016 Event] E-1 General Discussion"> </ac_metadata>