My fleet looks as follows right now (you'll have to do with a written list, sorry - because I'm not using any 3rd party plug ins right now)

(Level - Modernization)

DD:

Yuudachi KaiNi (65 Maxxed)

Shigure KaiNi (65 Maxxed)

Musarasme Kai (56 Maxxed)

Murakumo Kai (55 5*)

Hamakaze Kai (48 Maxxed)

CL:

Abukuma KaiNi (76 5*)

Isuzu KaiNi (66 Maxxed)

Kuma Kai (53 Maxxed) <- plan on leveling her tomorrow to 55

CA:

Maya Kai (55 5*)

Furutaka (39 4*) <- currently leveling as well

CAV:

Mogami (48 Maxxed)

CLT:

Kitakami KaiNi (61 5*)

BaBes:

Kongou Kai (71 5*)

Haruna Kai (62 5*)

Kirishima Kai (32 3*) < will do PvP with Hiei

Hiei Kai (30 3*) < see above

BBV:

Yamashiro Kai (31 3*) <- currently levelling as well

(Fusou is available too, but 26 2*)

CV:

Kaga Kai (45 5*)

Shoukaku/Zuikaku Kai (both 44 4*)

CVL:

Hiyou Kai (34 3*)

SS:

i-58 (49 Maxxed) <- should I kai her if a map needs SS?

i-8 (44 Maxxed) <- same

i168 (29 Maxxed)



There's quite some ~lvl18-30 ships I din't mention above, but I do not currently own an AV but a lvl 1 chitose



For Equipment: Radars seem fine, I have 2 AP shells, 1 AA shell (type 3 was that?), 1 sonar and 3 depth charges. I had bad luck crafting equipment so far. Planes are all from standard equip but max prof.



I probably forgot the one or other thing, but I hope you can work with as little as I can give. I'll probably try crafting more of the AA/AP shells with haruna tomorrow, and level the aforementioned ships anyway. If you have other inputs that'll enhance my chances, I'll thankfully accept them.

Thank you very much for every reply!<ac_metadata title="Can I do something more right now?"> </ac_metadata>