3rd Event for me, started during Winter 2015, cleared up to E-4 on easy, Spring 2015 cleared all maps on hard but the last one, got stuck on last kill and sanity ran dry switched to easy. Going to try clearing the last map on hard this time, if sanity permits.

DD

Fubuki K2 (Lv. 77), Hatsushimo K2 (Lv. 86), Ayanami K2 (Lv. 72), Yuudachi K2 (Lv. 81), Shigure K2 (Lv. 74), Yukikaze Kai (Lv. 76)

CL

Yuubari Kai (Lv. 75), Jintsuu K2 (Lv. 82), Sendai K2 (Lv. 79)

CLTs

Kitakami (Lv. 120), Kiso (Lv. 98), Ooi (Lv. 99)

CA

Maya K2 (Lv. 80). Choukai K2 (Lv. 80), Haguro K2(Lv. 75). Myoukou K2(Lv. 70)

CAV

Tone K2 (Lv. 95). Suzuya Kai (Lv. 76). Kumano Kai (Lv. 70)

CVL

Hiyou Kai (Lv. 83), Junyou (Lv. 91), Ryuujou (Lv. 99). Chitose (Lv. 85)

CV

Kaga Kai (Lv. 87). Akagi Kai (Lv. 76), Unryuu Kai (Lv. 67). Souryuu K2 (Lv. 79). Hiryuu K2 (Lv. 82), Shoukaku Kai (Lv. 72), Zuikaku Kai (Lv. 80)

BB/BBVs

Yamato Kai (Lv. 98), Nagato Kai (Lv. 82), Mutsu Kai (Lv. 86). Kongou K2 (Lv. 80), Haruna K2 (Lv. 97). Kirishima K2 (Lv. 85), Hiei K2 (Lv. 79). Yamashiro K2 (Lv. 81), Ise Kai (Lv. 80)

SS

All but Shioi at 70+

Others

Akitsumaru (Lv. 35), Chitose A (Lv. 40), Akitsushima (Lv. 35)

Resources are all 70k+, except Bauxite, so I can powerlevel whatever I need. 

Mostly just looking for advice on where my fleet needs improvement and who I should spend my next blueprint, between Chikuma, Fusou and Abukuma or the eventual Zuikaku/Shoukaku K2, if it needs a BP.



Whoever read through all this, thanks for taking the time.<ac_metadata title="Going for hard, probably"> </ac_metadata>