Hello Senpai TTKs,

For several last weeks I have been power leveling hard in both 3-2A and 4-3 and get several kanmusus to K2 and got some key equipments for the event. 

I have read a lot about event while I can't access my computer too, but still I need some semi-final check.

I feel like I may not survive the fleet locking thingy, I got some okay level ships but not that many ships are decent. 

Right now I spamming 3-2A with non-stop power level fleet so hard (but just started using Jenesis's guide) and mainly lvling CAs, BBVs and CV(L)s. I think I will stop lvling at some point and start oreling for stockpile resources while waiting for infos of early event.

I am not sure which difficulty to choose too, maybe medium early then easy for later maps.




= Ships =  (Only not so underleveled one)

DD : Hatsushimo K2 (70), Hibiki K2 (70), Shigure K2 (63), Yuudachi K2 (58), Shimakaze (36), Yukikaze (36), Ushio (34), Murakumo (34)

CL : Sendai K2 (62),  Jintsuu K2 (61), Naka K2 (54), Natori (46), Tatsuta (44), Isuzu (43), Kuma (40), Yuubari (31)

CLT : Kiso K2 (67), KTKM K2 (59), Ooi K2 (57)

CA : Maya K2 (75), Myoukou (47), Nachi (44), Ashigara (41), Haguro (46), Choukai (41), Tone (36), Chikuma (56)

CAV : Suzuya (42) 

(Chikuma is now sailing non-stop like no tomorrow to be another CAV soon, while Suzuya tag along)

BB: Nagato (51), Kongou (58), Haruna (61), Hiei (51), Kirishima (60)

BBV : Fusou (42), Yamashiro (38), Ise (29), Hyuuga (26)

CV : Kaga (62), Akagi (58), Souryuu (51), Kaga #2 (35)  

(I am lacking of later world CVs so bad I have to train 2nd Kaga for early event maps (only unlocked 3-4, 4-4 so far))

CVL : Jun'you (61), Ryuujou (68), Hiyou (63), Shouhou (55), Houshou (35)

SS : i-58 (51), i-8 (47), i-168 (40), i-19 (10) and other duplicate sub kiddos 

AV: Chitose (28), Chiyoda (16) (Not having chance to level them)

Etc. : Akitsumaru (20) 

(she will be leveled to 25 kai for branching when needed)

Other key ships missing : Ooyodo, Akashi and any other LSC ships




= <span style="font-size:13px;">= Key Equipment = </span> =
= <span style="font-size:13px;">Planes : Reppuu x1, Shiden Kai ni x4, Type 52 Zero Fighter x12, Suisei x8, Type 62 Zero Bomber x2, Ryuusei x1, Tenzan x2</span> =

Anti air : Type 91 Fire director, Type 94 Fire director

Shells : Type 3 Shell x2, Type 91 AP Shell x1

Night battle gears : SearchLight x2, Star Shell x1

Etc. : Improved Steam Turbine x1




= Resources = (Estimate)

325 Buckets 

4 Repair docks

4000 Fuels<span class="Apple-tab-span" style="white-space:pre"> </span>14000 Steels

3000 Bullets<span class="Apple-tab-span" style="white-space:pre"> </span>12000  Bauxites




I think my aim right now is to get CAs to okay level, my options for 2 CAVs are just Chikuma and Suzuya (have only one blueprint after clear 1-5, 2-5 this August, so I can't have CAV Tone in time).<ac_metadata title="About my fleet prepared-ness..."> </ac_metadata>