Okay, I'm confused. My fleet is still not good enough for the event and I can't decide which ships i need to raise their level. I participated in the previous event, but I was not able to pass to the E-6 Easy. But this time I want to to pass all the maps at least on Medium.

Ships:

'''DD:''' Verniy (71), Akatsuki K2 (70), Fubuki K2 (70), Yuudachi K2 (65), Shigure K2 (61), Shimakaze Kai (61), Hatsushimo Kai (48), Yukikaze Kai (40) and many low-lvl ships which i commonly used in expeditions.

'''CL:''' Sendai K2 (61), Naka K2 (49), Ooyodo Kai (35), Tama Kai (31), Jintsuu Kai (23) and many low-lvl ships.

'''CLT:''' Kiso K2 (65), KTKM K2 (52), Ooi K2 (52)

'''CA:''' Maya K2 (75), Choukai Kai (43), Nachi Kai (25), Ashigara (16), Haguro (15), Takao (11), Aoba (10). From CAV i have Tone, Suzuya and Mogami, but they're at level 1 all.

'''CVL:''' Ryuujou Kai (68), Chitose-Kou Kai (48), Shouhou Kai (43), Junyou Kai (29), Chiyoda-Kou (19), Hiyou, Houshou and Zuihou at 1 lvl.

'''CV:''' Akagi Kai (44), Kaga Kai (35), Katsuragi (17), Shoukaku (9), Souryuu (5).

'''(F)BB(V):''' Hiei Kai (47), Italia (38), Kongou Kai (37), Yamashiro Kai (34), Hyuuga Kai (33), Nagato Kai (31), Ise Kai (30), Haruna Kai (28), Yamato (6), Kirishima and Fuso (1).

'''SS(V):''' I-168 (34), I-58 (31), I-8 (30), I-401, (29), I-19 (28), 3 low-lvl Maruyu's




I know, what i need to leveling my CA's, BB's and CV(L)'s, but i don't know on which ships i must focus. Also who should get next blueprint in the first priority?

Here's also my equipment. At this moment I'm trying to be crafted Reppuu by daily quests, but it's not very successfully. Maybe I need craft something else?

Equipment:

3 Reppu, 4 Shiden K2, 4 Suisei Model 12A, 2 Ju 87c Kai, 5 Ryuusei, 2 Ryuusei Kai, 1 Tenzan (601 Air Group), 1 Saiun, 10 Zuiun, 1 Seaplane Night Scout.

1 Type 32 Surface RADAR, 1 Type 22 Surface RADAR and a lot of Air RADARs, 4 Type 3 Shell, 3 Type 91 AP Shell, 3 Type 3 Depth Charge, 3 Type 3 SONAR, Night Battle Equip (2 searchlights, Star Shell), also Fleet Command Facility and 2 Type 94 AA Fire Detector.<ac_metadata title="What should i do?"> </ac_metadata>