So as the title states, this is my first event. I would like some advice on my fleet, but also how events work. 

As for my second question, I would be fine if I could be directed to some general information page on events. I've only heard things such as combined fleet and to wait and see what branching rules are. Not sure if I should stock on resources as well. .

Below is my fleet, I am wondering if this is capable of medium difficulty. If this seems like a confident fleet, then I would like to try for medium, but I don't want to be struggling and stressing too much (at least, not this first time). Thank you in advance.

Buckets: 392, HQ: 68 (resources soft max@17750)

DD: Mutsuki K2 (65), Yuudachi (56), Fubuki (43), Inazuma (43), Hatsushimo (46), Kisaragi (41)

CL: Kiso K2 (65), Ooi K2 (52), KTKM K2 (51), Jintsu (50), Sendai (48), Yuubari (37)

CA: Tone (58), Maya (51), Mogami (43), also have Mikuma (1). . . might have Tone K2 by August

CVL: Chitose K2 (52), Houshou (45), plan to lvl Shouhou (1) if another is needed 

CV: Kaga (53), Akagi (48), Souryuu (50)

BB: Nagato (53), Fusou (53), Yamashiro (50), Hiei (50), Haruna (51), Ise (45), also have Mutsu, Kongou, Kirishima, & Hyuuga (1)

SS: Goya (36), Imuya (28)

Equipment: no Reppuu :(, Type 52 fighter (7), Suisei (3), Type 62 (1), Ryuusei Kai (1), Tenzan (3), Saiun (2), Type21 radar (8), only (9) 41cm, type 91 (2), type 3 (2), type93 sonar (1), type94 depth charge (7). . . really trying for fighters, and lacking good equipment overall, I know.<ac_metadata title="My first event, some advice please"> </ac_metadata>