Time to seek the wisdom of the Veterans Admirals here, once more.

Summer 2015 was my first event. I joined just roughly 3 months before it started, and I'm quite happy that I finished E-6 at Medium (although the other maps were on Easy, E-3 being the sole exception).

On the other hand, the fact that I didn't finish E-7 will probably leave a feeling of regret I'll carry for the lifetime of my Admiral career.

And with that out of the way:

Summer 2015 event really did good things to my girls, I have to say. And now that Fall event is coming, I can say that I have a bit more confidence in them, but I just want to make sure my confidence isn't misplaced.

<div style="font-size:8pt;">''(For one, I have learned my lesson from the double blunder of not leveling Maya '''and''' shiplocking her somewhere outside E-6.)''</div>

Following are my vital stats:

HQ Level: 98.

Here's my shiplist: [http://puu.sh/kvz29/a0574d92f1.png DDs], [http://puu.sh/kvz3F/b03465d309.png CL(T)s], [http://puu.sh/kvz76/ae9f139376.png CA(V)s], [http://puu.sh/kvz7y/42d7c2db4c.png (F)BB(V)s], [http://puu.sh/kvz8s/e5e284e5f6.png CV(L)s], [http://puu.sh/kvz9a/e85107c158.png SS(V)s] (just in case), [http://puu.sh/kvza4/6d262b9065.png others] (just in case).

Notable equipment: 2&times; 20.3cm (No. 2), 1&times; 10cm HA+AAFD, 4&times; Type 3 Shell, 3&times; Type 91 AP Shell, 1&times; 15m Duplex, Star Shell, Skilled Lookouts

Notable planes: 4&times; Reppuu, 6&times; Shiden Kai Ni, 4&times; Suisei M12A, 5&times; Ryuusei Kai, 1&times; Tenzan M12  (Murata), 1&times; Type 98 (Night Recon), tons of Saiuns.

Now, I'm going to try being a bit more adventurous and go for Medium for most maps, falling back to Easy only for the last map or two. '''Will these do?'''<ac_metadata title="The 9002nd &quot;Is my Fleet Ready?&quot; Question"> </ac_metadata>