Hi everyone,

I started playing last november. Due to being a beginner back then, I didn't even touch the fall 2015 event, so this winter event is going to be my very first event. 

Anyway I am currently HQ level 83. I tried to level as many ships as I could, and this is how the fleet looks right now:

Ships (showcase) : [http://imgur.com/835PW6c 1] [http://imgur.com/C2O3joR 2]

Ships (full list of levelled ships): [http://imgur.com/BLNodsE 1] [http://imgur.com/xcsIzBC 2] [http://imgur.com/VmYrwX7 3]

Equipment: [http://imgur.com/Jf7he7P 1]

As for resources,

Fuel 22,700 / Ammo - 23,900 / Steel - 33,400 / Bauxite - 23,500 / Buckets - 493

I would like to know which difficulty to aim for. Since it's my first event, clearing the event on easy is the main goal, though I would like to know if it's okay to try on medium difficulty for 1 or 2 maps or whether ship locking / resources might become a problem (and I have only Ashigara from the potential branching ships). 

Should I start stockpiling now or maybe give a few levels to some ships for 2-3 more days? (I also need some mod fodder for all the newly kai ni'ed ships). Any equipment that I need to craft? 

In addition, what would be priorities to level up after the event? Right now I'm thinking about my CVLs (as I only have 3) and the CV Kai Nis.

Another question is about Hatsushimo. Is she really necessary? I thought of ditching her for Kasumi since her Kai Ni seems to be quite good for NB. Running out a bit on space so I need to get rid of some ships.<ac_metadata title="First event help"> </ac_metadata>