So in preparation of the event, I started grinding, and started to pain myself over whether I'll be able to clear this event or not. I was then referred to this forum board, and decided to post my fleet here. I am planning to run Medium for the first map (my friends say I have a pretty stable light fleet), then run Easy/Medium, depending on shiplocking, difficulty, and my sanity level for the rest of the event.

'''Here is my fleet:'''

DD: Yuudachi K2 (75), Verniy (73), Shigure K2 (65), Fubuki K (69, this frustrates me :(>.<):), Akatsuki K (53), and 2 others at level 45-50.

CL(T): Isuzu K2 (60), Sendai K (59, again, this frustrates me), Abukuma K (49), Kitakami K2 (78), Ooi K2 (69)

CA(V): Kumano K (48), Suzuya K (38), I'm really lacking in CA(V)'s...

BB(V): Ise K (71), Kongou (74), Haruna (60), Yamashiro K (40), Fusou K (23), Hyuuga K (43), I can't find any good BB...

CV(L): Junyou K (68), Akagi (63), Kaga (55), Hiryuu (34), Souryuu (33), Chiyoda (43), Zuikaku (12, just got her, haven't really got a chance to level her)

SS: I-8 K (43), I-58 (45), I-168 (23), I blame RNG for not giving me better subs

Misc: Chitose A (43, was planning to remodel her at 50 to Carrier K2 at once, but then 6-3 came out...), once again, I blame RNG for no other good ships.

'''My equipment list is:'''

Planes (Fighter): Reppu (2), Shiden K2 (2), rest are crappy T52...

Planes (Torp): Ryuusei K (3), Ryuusei (2), Tenzan 601 (1), and a crapload of Tenzans

Planes (Bomber): Suisei M12 (5), T62 F/B (4), and a crapload of Suiseis

Misc Planes: Saiun (5, I really wanted a Type-2 Recon...)

Shells: 91 AP (2), Type 3 (4)

Night Battle: Getting the full set from Sendai in 1 level

Anti-Sub: T3 SONAR (2), T3 DCharge (2), T93 SONAR (3), T94 DCharge (3)

RADAR: T21 Air (6), T22 Surface (5), T13 Air (2)

'''Resources:''' Fuel (~25000), Ammo (+30000), Steel (~26000), Bauxite (~29000), Buckets (+300), running 1-6 (forgot to run it after 1-5 ._.) right now.

'''Thank you for taking to time to read this huge block of text, and leave feedback below! Thanks!'''

'''Note:''' HQ level is currently at 72.<ac_metadata title="Fleet Check for Med/Easy"> </ac_metadata>