<span style="font-weight:normal;">'''Here's a link for all my info '''^^ : http://imgur.com/a/9m4I0  </span>

Hi!! Sorry in advance if this is too long. ;-; I just want to make this comprehensive as possible so i can get my situation across easily. Hope you guys don't mind :) Assuming i attempt a mix of medium and easy difficulty, what should i do right now to prep for my summer 2016 roast? By this i mean like ships to level, ships to craft (LSC or basic) and equipment dev. Ill give my own opinions on my fleet, so feel free to either burn my opinions or agree by leaving comments :D  

'''Experience in the game:'''<span style="font-weight:normal;"> HQ 95 Teitoku, around maybe 6-7 months into the game. So far i've cleared E2 Winter 2016 and Cleared Spring 2016 E7 along with EO, with 1 week to spare for farming. Died on E2 because i had no WG42 and no daihatsu destroyers. E5 was easy, E6 and E7 were hell ... My teitoku level isn't exactly reflective of my true level because it got inflated a bit due to the event. Pre-event - 80. Im semi-new to game? </span>

<span style="font-weight:normal;">'''Ships I'm planning to level (To Kai 2 forms of course): '''I have 1 blueprint so im not too sure what to use it on ( i will get a 2nd blueprint by the end of this month). Im considering using this on Yamashiro for equips (or perhaps on Tone or Unryuu). </span>

<span style="font-weight:normal;">For non BP ships i am trying to level they are Maya (for AACI ability), Kasumi (Daihatsu, solid stats), Hatsushimo (High luck, good stats + equips), Souryuu (Planes), Ashigara, Hiei, Iowa (to lv 50 for equips), Murakumo, Mikuma (for 20.3 No 3 Twin mount) and Teruzuki (so i have 2 AACI ships). Honourable mentions - Akatsuki, Fubuki, Kawakaze. My reasoning behind kawakaze is because the exp gap is too large, despite the fact she has strong stats and daihatsu ability. I recently Kai ni'd Verniy. </span>

'''Key ships i don't have- '''Akashi, Ooyodo, Heavy BB (Yamato/Musashi), CV's (Hiryuu, Zuikaku) and AV (Akitsushima/Mizuho)

'''Currently running expeditions''' 2,21,37,38 (Ammo and fuel focused)

'''Levelling methods''' - Running 3-2 and 4-3 (I prefer 4-3 for dds and cls, more efficient time-wise - don't care about buckets unless 2 weeks pre-event). Using flagship in pvp to accelerate levelling. My exp efficiency per day is around 35-40 nodes of 4-3 in a day. 

EDIT: Got Hiryuu ^^. Now i have Murakumo, Ashigara, Kasumi and Maya kai ni'd, with Iowa Kai'd.<ac_metadata title="Leveling for Summer Event 2016 (HELP :( pls )"> </ac_metadata>