'''Fleet information'''<span style="font-weight:normal;"> - </span>http://imgur.com/a/qYiLR''' '''

'''Personal summary - Feel free to add or argue :) ! (Please look through link above b4 reading this) '''

Right now im not too sure about my fleet condition. My levels imo are fairly evenly distributed across ship classes, but i believe i need to work on my ca(v) and cvl's. In the short term i'm prioritising levelling Akashi to kai and getting Kinugasa to K2 for 20.3 (3), along with getting more blueprints for ''Tone K2 which i will have by next month''. If i had more i would use it on my Shoukaku/Zuikaku for K2 CV(B). Aiming overall to powerlevel my weaker ship classes to minimum level 70. 

I have leftover Landbase planes from last event - But only the ones rewarded on easy difficulty 

<span style="font-weight:normal;">Not sure on difficulty for Summer 2016 though, because recommend levels for hard are 80, and almost definitely require heavier BB's and CVB's for a smoother run. E.g - Taihou, Musashi, Crane Sisters CVB form. I'm also lacking ships that can perform 100+ASW, and none of my dd's achieve 100+ yet. Pretty certain i can easily do a full easy clear though, but wondering if i can do a full hard clear or if i should just do a mix of hard/medium? ''Shiplocking'' is a massive problem for my fleet right now - esp my CVL's if they decide to run double combined fleet. My 4th backup CVL is very weak. </span>

'''Resources / Buckets '''

In terms of resources i will be pure regening resources for approx 2 weeks, and at a rate of 10-12 buckets per day my bucket count will be at 450 before the event (which should be sufficient for both farming and full clear). I don't know really how to orel like other people though, always ends with long repair times and losses (especially since i only have 2 repair docks). 

I currently use expeditions - 21- 37- 38 overnight and 2 - 21 - 38 in the day for buckets/fuel/ammo

'''Akashi ''''''(Equipment Modernisation) '''

Currently aiming to use Akashi to improve ASW equipment to approx 6 stars (Type 3 Sonar and Depth Charge). Can't do all of them, but heard rumours that ASW will be very important. I'm doubting it will be in the endgame maps though, unless they shove a couple of submarine himes at last dance of E5, but u never know haha :'). Also trying to improve AP shells to 6 star. <ac_metadata title="Fleet condition and difficulty selection help"> </ac_metadata>