Introduction..

Is my fleet ready for Med+?

Or... I'll just clear for the rewards. (Still want it to be atlease med.)

Now that I've heard that Akiducky will be a drop this fall. I set my goal to get her no matter what.

The real question is.. Do I have enough destroyers to deal with ship lock?

I will level up Shimakaze and Ayanami to 70 before the event.

My first was a nightmare! It was a hard and long battle (<span style="color:rgb(84,84,84);font-family:arial,sans-serif;font-size:small;font-weight:normal;line-height:18.2px;"> </span><span style="color:rgb(84,84,84);font-family:arial,sans-serif;font-size:small;font-weight:normal;line-height:18.2px;">͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)</span><span style="color:rgb(84,84,84);font-family:arial,sans-serif;font-size:small;font-weight:normal;line-height:18.2px;"> e</span>ven tho I went Easy on most of the maps. AADD-hime still haunts me. (she's sexy tho.) I am relieve that this will be only a med-scaled event and a destroyer focused.      Enough talk about my story and continue my fleet check up.

My predicted resources before the event will be:''' 50k/50k/65k/27k '''same as my last event but 50% lower on baux.

Since this is a DD heavy event. I'm not gonna add anymore. Just the buckets.

My current buckets: '''420''' yeah.. blaze it. And I will make it to atlease '''500''' before the event.

Heres my Fleet and Equipments: [http://imgur.com/a/N3NxF Fleetbabes]

I will probs start the event on day 2-3 waiting for the information and stuff. and grind more buckets

Again.. soz for my english (not my first language)<ac_metadata title="Last check up."> </ac_metadata>