I'm not so much worried about whether my fleet's ready for the event - I've had no enormous problems clearing previous ones, though never all the way on Hard - but there's a fair bit of time yet and as it happens I just finished a few longer term goals in the game (Fusou & Maya K2s) and I am not sure where is best to devote time next.

I generally don't get a huge amount of time to play. I'll log in in the morning for long enough to clear out PVP, then when I get home from work I'll do the same and maybe a few sorties for various things. So I tend to make progress fairly slowly, and have tended to spread out my efforts rather than focus on a core group. 

Currently HQ 98, on the cusp of 99. 

BBs, I'm fairly set. Have the four Kongous above 85 (with Haruna & Kongo at 95 and 93 respectively). Fusou & Yamashiro both Kai-2, Nagato & Mutsu at 70, and Yamato at 82 though I prefer not using her in events because of the ammo drain. Have Bismarck in the mid 60s as a backup, probably will be higher by August. Musashi sitting down at level 12 (recent acquisition) and I think might stay there until after the event.

CVs I'm probably also in okay shape. Don't have Taihou, but have Hiryuu & Souryuu Kai-2 (around 95 and 85 respectively), Akagi and Kaga above 80, and have been working on getting Shoukaku and Zuikaku to around 75-80 in preparation for their upcoming Kai-2s. Have all three Unryuus but they're not even level 10 yet aside from Unryuu who's at 35 (working her up to 50+ for quests before switching to Amagi and Katsuragi).

CVL is more of a problem. I have all of them except Ryuuhou, but they're not heavily leveled. Hiyou, Junyou, Chitose and Chiyoda all are clustered together at around the level 60 mark and the rest are around 30-40. 

My CA situation is a mixed bag. Haguro, Myoukou, Choukai and Maya all at Kai-2. Maya's the highest of them at 75, Choukai is the lowest at 65. Next highest after them are Atago in the 50s, and Prinz Eugen at 40 (currently working on getting her to 45 in the next few days for the gear and to have a good backup). My only high-level CAV is Tone, at 79. Have supplemented her previously with Suzuya (~45) but that ended up really biting me in last event where I felt like I needed more. Do have Chikuma (in the mid-30s) and also have Mogami, Mikuma and Kumano but haven't leveled them past about 10 or so. Same situation for any of the other CAs (I have them, but haven't leveled them).

CL-wise I slacked off for a long time so I don't have any that are hugely high. I do have all three Sendai sisters at Kai-2 and have Isuzu K2 as well. I used Yura for a long time (my first cruiser) so she's sitting in the mid 50s as well and is generally fairly effective. As a result of expeditionary use, Katori is actually around 50 too, but I don't think I'd use her in an event unless I was really stuck. Have Ooyodo at around 30 (close to Kai) and Yuubari much lower. 

Destroyers are probably my other big weak point. Certainly they were the reason I ended up doing most of the last event on easy - I didn't feel comfortable with the number of them I had at reasonable level to be able to split into three fleets. Shigure is highest at 82. Yuudachi and Verniy in the mid 70s. Ushio Kai-2 just shy of 70 as well. Shimakaze, Yukikaze, Murasame, Akizuki and Fubuki in the mid 50s, and then a big mess of them in the 20-30 range. Have a bunch of high performance / rare DDs so can basically level anything unless it's Isokaze or a couple of other recent ones.

Sub fleet is fine. Full set in a range from 55 to 80 depending on how early I got them. Have the 'special' ships too, but haven't leveled them much as they tend to be a bit of a pain to level up.

My short term plan had been to get Prinz Eugen to 45 for the gear and idly work on Fubuki K2, but beyond that I'm really not sure where to focus my efforts. My biggest gap seems like it's in the light fleets still.<ac_metadata title="Prioritization"> </ac_metadata>