Hello, Thanks for taking a look ahead of time. I was hoping to do the event on Hard if possible. This is my second event and the previous event I was only able to do it on Easy/Medium.  I have 30k of all resources saved up at this time and 400 buckets. So I'm torn between trying to get as many ships Kai Ni as possible or saving resources. I don't have any more blueprints left but I should be able to get 1 more in August. I think I'm good on Equipment at least.

Are they any ships you think I should be leveling or should I just save up for now till the event?

'''Battleships:'''

Nagato Kai (92), Kongou Kai2 (87), Hiei Kai2 (82), Kirishima Kai2 (82), Haruna Kai2 (81), Fusou Kai2 (80), Yamashiro Kai (57), Italia (55)

'''Aircraft Carriers:'''

Kaga Kai (82), Junyou Kai2 (80), Akagi Kai (78), Souryuu Kai (73), Hiyou Kai (63), Katsuragi Kai (63), Unryuu Kai (59), Ryuujou Kai (57)

'''Heavy Cruisers:'''

Maya Kai2 (76), Mogami Kai (70), Takao Kai (68), Atago (64) Suzuya Kai (61)

'''Light Cruisers:'''

Naka Kai2 (72), Kiso Kai2 (67), Ooi Kai2 (67), Kitakami Kai2 (66), Sendai Kai2 (63), Jintsuu Kai2 (60), Yuubari Kai (57)

'''Destroyer:'''

Shimakaze Kai (74), Vernyj (72), Yukikaze Kai (70), Yuudachi Kai2 (63), Ushio Kai2 (60), Murakumo Kai (58)

'''Submarines:'''

I-401 Kai (96), I-58 Kai (86), I-186 (81), Ro-500 (80), I-19 Kai (80), I-8 Kai (78)

'''Aviation Ship:'''

Chiyoda A (22), Chitose A (22), Akitsushima (19)

'''Equipment (Short list of the best gear):'''

7 Reppuu, 9 Shiden Kai 2, 2 Type 32 Radar, 10 Type 14 Air Radar, 5 Type 33 Surface Radar, 2 Enhanced Steam Turbine, 18 Type 3 Shell, 8 Type 91 AP Shell, Searchlight, Star Shell, SCARB, Type 94 AA FD, Type 91 AAFD,<ac_metadata title="Advice for what I need for my fleet!"> </ac_metadata>