Hello world!

I started playing like a month before the Spring Event and managed to beat it on easy. This time I've leveled up a lot more but apparently this event is way harder than the previous one. I tend to grind more then I actually play. I've only finished up to 3-5 recently, so I don't have much experience with difficult missions. Any help would be greatly appreciated thanks!''' '''Since the new Abukuma Kai Ni just came out I want to level her up but don't know if I have bigger issues. Should I (can I) keep clearing more worlds? I always forget to do the pvp challenges, should that be more important?

'''Fleet HQ: '''98

'''Resources: '''Fuel (51k), Ammo (50k), Steel (95k), Bauxite (23k), Buckets (118)

Been running expeditions 5, 37, 38 though I feel I should start running expedition 2 for buckets. (And 6 for bauxite?)

'''DD: '''Ayanami Kai2 (84), Fubuki Kai2 (74), Yuudachi Kai2 (73), Shigure Kai2 (67), Hibiki Kai (61), Yukikaze Kai (54) Shimakaze Kai (45)

'''CL(T):''' Ooyodo Kai (80), Sendai Kai2 (71), Kitakami Kai2 (69), Kiso Kai2 (68), Jintsuu Kai2 (67), Ooi Kai2 (65)

'''CA(V):''' Maya Kai2 (84), Haguro Kai2 (78), Tone Kai2 (71), Myoukou Kai2(70), Nachi Kai2(66), Kako Kai2 (65), Furutaka Kai2 (65), Chikuma Kai (63), Kinugasa Kai2 (55), Mogami Kai (37), Suzuya Kai (35), Mikuma Kai(30)

'''BB: '''Bismarck Kai (97), Kongou Kai2 (87), Fusou Kai (80), Haruna Kai2 (80), Nagato Kai (75), Kirishima Kai2 (75), Hiei Kai2 (75), Mutsu Kai (70), Littorio (40) (Are hotels going to be necessary for the higher difficulties?)

'''CV(L): '''Taihou Kai (98), Junyou Kai2 (80), Kaga Kai (80), Souryuu Kai2 (78), Hiryuu Kai2 (77), Ryuujou Kai2 (75), Chitose CLV Kai2 (55), Chiyoda CVL Kai2 (55), Akagi Kai (51), Shoukaku Kai (50), Hiyou Kai (48)

'''SS(V):''' Ro-500 (92), I-168 Kai (77), I-58 Kai (60), I-168 (57, 41, 29, 25, 15), I-58 (45, 29, 23, 10, 8), I-8 (36), I-19 (31, 28), Maruyu (25) P.S. Do I have too many subs, should I scrap some? 

'''Others: '''Akashi Kai (50), Akitsumaru Kai (25), Taigei (4), 

Right now I'm just running 3-2-A with Nagato Kai (75), Shoukaku Kai (50), Chikuma Kai (63), Abukuma (9), Hiyou Kai (48), Submarine. I have one blueprint to spare. Where should I be using my blueprint? Oh and most of my ships are fully modernized except AA. How do I modernize AA more efficiently? Thanks.

'''Equipment:'''

'''Red Guns:  '''12.7cm Type B (2), 15.5cm (12), 20.3cm no.2 (11), 20.3cm no.3 (3), 46cm (2), 35.6cm Dazzle (2), 46cm Proto (1), 381mm (2), 38cm (1)

'''Green Guns: '''12.7cm (10), 10cm (2), 12cm 30-tube (6), 25mm (1)

'''Yellow Guns: '''15.5cm (7), 15cm (2), OTO 152mm (1) (Is the OTO better than the 15.5?)

'''Torpedoes: '''61cm Quint (Oxygen) (3), Quad (Oxygen) (26), 53cm Sub Torp (2), Proto FaT (1), Type A (4)

'''Fighters: '''Reppu (5), Shiden Kai2 (2), Type 21 (Skilled) (2)

'''Dive Bombers: '''Suisei 12A (2), Type 62 (3), Ju 87C (2), Type 99 (Skilled) (1), Type 99 (Egusa) (1)

'''Torpedo Bombers: '''Ryuusei (2), Type 97 (Tomonaga) (1), Type 97 (Skilled) (1), Tenzen (1)

'''Recon:''' Saiun (4), Type 2 (3)

'''Radars: '''Type 22 Surface (4), Type 33 Surface (2), Type 13 Air Kai (3), Type 14 Air (1)

'''Others: '''Night Scout (1), Type 3 Shell (5), Type 91 AP Shell (3), Type Ka Liaison (1), Type 3 Liaison (1), Star Shell (2), Searchlight (6), Type 91 AA Director (1), Type 94 AA Director (2), Type 2 Large Sized Boat (1), Type 3 Sonar (1)

Radars have been hard to craft for me, so I'm lacking in the better ones. Should I keep trying to get more? I also don't have the better versions of ASW yet. I have Akashi but have not improved my equipment very much. What is a general order that I should improve equipment in? I only have a +4 on my Type 94 AA Director and 18 screws.

Thank you if you can get through this wall of stuff, though I've played for a while I'm still rather clueless. Any help would be great!<ac_metadata title="Advice on what difficulty I could run (without tearing out my brains)"> </ac_metadata>