Hi! I've been playing kancolle for 4 months and this is going to be my 2nd event. I go full yolo last event and luckily i was able to clear it on hard. But many ttks said that last event is a joke and this event probably gonna be much harder. My goal is to clear this event on hard as well and also farm rare ships if possible. So i need advice about what should i prepare more. Resource, bucket, leveling, or equipments.

HQ: 100

'''Ships above lv 40 (most of them fully mornernized)'''

DD: http://i.imgur.com/u2CwpEs.png

CL(''T''): http://i.imgur.com/r7rW6z9.png

CA(''V''): http://i.imgur.com/WnGaKNa.png

BB(''V''): http://i.imgur.com/kRGBl9L.png

CV(''L''): http://i.imgur.com/YBzv9qB.png

SS(''V''): http://i.imgur.com/mIYHB5I.png

Others: http://i.imgur.com/fYwxT0h.png

'''Relevant equipments:'''

Guns: 12.7B x2; 20.3(2) x3; 20.3(3) x3; 35.6dazzle x2; proto35.6 x1; proto41 x1; proto51x1; 46 x2; 38kai x2; 381mmkai x2; OTO x2; 90mm high x1; 25mm concentrated x1

Torpedo: quint x2; 53cms sub x2; ko-hyoteki x7

Fighter: shindenk2 x11; reppuu x1; reppuu(601) x1

Red bomber: egusa x1; suisei(601) x2; Ju87c x2; suisei 12A x6

Blue bomber: tomonaga x1; ryuusei(601) x1; tenzan(601) x1; ryuuseikai x1

Seaplane: yamato plane x1; bismarck plane x1; sendai plane x1; zuiun12 x1; zuiun643 x2

Shell: sanshiki x5; 91AP x4; 1AP x1

Radar: type13kai x2; type33 x2; fumo x1; (and some of type 21 and 22)

Others: type94AAFD x1; SCAMP x1; WG42 x1; FCF x1; searchlight x1, starshell x1; repair team x13

'''Resource'''

51k / 45k / 50k / 42k - bucket: 542

and 2 medals.

Should I grind myoukou and kirishima k2, and abukuma next month? (I think I can finish EO 1-5 and 2-5 on the first week before event). Or should I focus in stockpiling more resource or bucket? I hesitant to run expedition 4 (of course along with expe 2) for more buckets because it only gives small ammount of resources. Or maybe should I try craft craftable equipments (reppuu, radar)?.

I hope i can clear on hard and farm some rare ships.

Thanks in advance!<ac_metadata title="Need advice for summer 2015"> </ac_metadata>