Greetings! 

This coming event will be my first event, and I was looking for some feedback on my current fleet. 

As there is only a week before the event, I don't know how much more I'll be able to get done (while still maintaining resources where I want them to be). Plus, school is a thing so time is going to be a bit of a limiting resource. But we'll see. 

I hear that the event is going to be a DD heavy event, and that's rather unfortunate, seeing as for the past little while I've been levelling up heavier ships to kai ni. If I had known earlier, I would have definitely tried to get a few more Kai Ni DDs, but oh well. 

Anyways, here's my fleet, 

DD: http://imgur.com/a/Jgsne

CL(T): http://imgur.com/5RvXFdd

CA(V) http://imgur.com/5bX5vpZ

(F)BB(V): http://imgur.com/VjJULld

CVL: http://imgur.com/lObdpIJ

CV: http://imgur.com/LnQ1PrP

SS(V): http://imgur.com/7MMkss3

Equipment: http://imgur.com/Ff6m28I

In terms of resources, i'm at 38 720 fuel, 42 250 steel 45 703 ammo and 59 015 bauxite and 554 buckets. 

For equipment, I've been trying (unsuccessfully) at 1 radar craft a day (only for about the past week though) and the rest for shells, specifically AP shells. I may try for a few more good planes before the event. 

At this point, I don't think that I'll be able to K2 any more DDs, mostly because I'm reluctant to run 4-3 because of how resource intensive it is. I think I'll probably try to get some of my Kai DDs to a decent level and max modernize them. And maybe I'll be able to train up Akatsuki and/or Shigure to K2 during the course of the event. 

Anways, any feedback is appreciated. <ac_metadata title="Clearing the Event on Easy"> </ac_metadata>