First of all, thank you for taking your time to look at this, any help would be appreciated. I started a month ago and with the help of the others, I was able to improve my fleet a whole lot. [http://imgur.com/a/iHEbg Here are my ships and equipments.] I'm going with my softcap and 400+ buckets (still getting more). Questions:

'''About difficulty:''' I'm not looking to "breeze through" the easy mode but I do want to know if I will have any difficulty clearing it and will I be able to pull off some medium maps (but only if the rewards are worth it).

'''About my ships''' (currently I'm done leveling for the event, everything else is just ships to focus on next)''':'''

+ DDs: Currently leveling Hibiki (for the event)/Kasumi/Asashio through PvP. Left out DDs are Kai'd Fubuki, Hatsushimo and Ooshio.

+ CL(T)s: Currently leveling Kiso through PvP. I'm still unsure if I should focus on Yuubari (for the event).

+ CA(V)s: I'll get Tone (or Fusou, another BBV?) to Kai Ni after I'm done with Yamashiro.

+ (F)BB(V)s: Primary focus is Yamashiro (and Fusou). Also through PvP.

+ CV(L)s: Do CV recipes to keep the resources below softcap. If I do get another CV, she will be focused on ASAP (for the event ofc).

+ Auxillary: I keep Taigei because she's sweet but is she needed for the event in any way? Should I level her or just let her be?

'''About my equipments:'''

+ Crafting: I heard the event is going to be ASW focused so I've been trying to get T3 ASW equipments but no luck yet, will I be able to defeat the submarine boss with just T93s (and one T3 DP)? :( I think I will switch back to getting more fighters and torpedo bombers. 

+ Improving: Nothing much going on here since I just got Akashi recently, improving whatever I can such as AP shells, 35.6cm guns (should I improve Haruna's guns?), 20.3 (2/3) guns and 12.7cm guns when the aboves are not available.<ac_metadata title="First event for me"> </ac_metadata>