Hey guys,

I have little to no idea what I need and what I'm doing for the event, so I'd like to implore you guys for advice on what to do next.

'''TTK level''': 78

'''Resources''': Fuel (16k), Ammo (27k), Steel (16k), Bauxite (20k)

''Notable Ships'':

'''DD''': Shimakaze (66), Shigure (66), Mutsuki (65), Yuudachi (65), Kisaragi (64), Hibiki (36), Murakumo (35), Hatsuharu (34), Fubuki (30), Ayanami (29), Akatsuki (27), Hatsushimo (25)

'''CL'''('''T'''): Yahagi (66), Abukuma (30), Kitakami (28)

'''CA'''('''V'''): Ashigara (32), Mogami(32), Haguro(29), Kumano(22), Suzuya(20)

'''BB'''('''V'''): Hiei (50), Ise (25), Fusou (18), Nagato (12), Mutsu (11)

'''CV'''('''L'''): Ryuujou (32), Junyou (32), Akagi (26)

'''SS''': Imuya (72), Iku (67), Hachi (69&13), Goya (66&15), Maruyu (19)

There are more ships of each kind of a lower level that could be powerleveled one way or another. Ships like Agano (1), Kuma (10), Maya (4), Hyuuga (14) and Choukai (8) come to mind. The only sub that is remodeled is Imuya, because I like to keep them as regular subs for shorter repair times. I'm aiming to get a Kaga and an Ooi to pad out those ship types a bit more if at all possible. Using the 300-30-400-330 recipe trying to get the former first.

''Equipment'':

'''Main Guns''': 12.7cm Kai Ni (1), 10cm Twin High-angle (10), 12.7cm Twin High-angle Late Model (1), 15.2cm Twin (3), 41cm Twin (6)

'''Secondary Guns''': 15.5cm Triple (1)

'''Torpedoes''': Minisubs (4), 61cm Triple Oxygen (1)

'''Fighters''': Type 21 (7), Type 52 (4), Reppuu (2)

'''Dive Bombers''': Suisei (5), Type 62 Fighter-Bomber (1)

'''Torp Bombers''': Tenzan (1)

'''Recon''': Saiun (1)

'''Seaplanes''': Zuiun (5), Zuiun 634 (2)

'''Radars''': Type 21 Air (2), Type 22 Surface (1), Type 13 Air (1)

'''Other''': Type 3 Depth Charge (3), Type 3 Sonar (4), Enhanced Steam Boiler (1)



I'm currently focussing on leveling Abukuma (for her upcoming Kai Ni), Kisaragi (for her equips), Mutsu, Nagato, Hibiki, Murakumo, Hatsuharu, Akagi, Junyou, Ryuujou.

Am I on the right track with these? What other ships should I focus on leveling? What equipment should I be trying to get? What difficulty can I aim for?



Thanks for the help,

Brian<ac_metadata title="What am I ready for?"> </ac_metadata>