Hi. I joined in Winter 2015 day 1, failed to prepare for Spring 2015. I only earned a E-4 easy victory for Litorrio. I have since been grinding at 3-2 as I didnt bothered to clear further maps. Below is my current fleet status plus resources before I start to stock for the upcoming 2 weeks. Would love advices on my fleet on whether it can handle hard/medium mode and suggestions for the ship locking problems (If I really have to do easy, I would). 

BB(V) : Kongou class (All Kai 2, >80), Fusou class (Kai, 60~), Mutsu (Kai, 40~)

CV : Kaga, Akagi, Zuikaku, Shoukaku (All Kai, >80), Taihou (Kai, 70~)

CV(L) : Junyou, Ryuujou (Both Kai 2, >80)

CA : Haguro, Nachi (Both Kai 2, 70~), Kako (Kai 2, 65)

CAV : Tone class (Both Kai 2, 70~), Mogami (Kai, 30~)

CL : Sendai class (All Kai 2, 60~ except Naka), Isuzu (Kai 2, 60~), Yura (Kai, 60~), Ooyodo (Kai, 40~)

CLT : Ooi, Kitakami, Kisou (All Kai 2, 60~)

DD : Fubuki, Shigure, Yuudachi, Shimakaze, Yukikaze, Verniy, Ushio, Murakumo (All Kai 2 wherever possible, 50-70~)

SS(V) : I-8, I-19, I-168, I-58 (All Kai, 60~)

Resources : 570 buckets, 15k fuel, 23k ammo, 39k steel, 35k bauxite (Planning to stop grinding and start stock next week)

Equips (notable ones for upcoming; excluding ones already equipped on ships after their Kai) : Reppu x6, Shinden x6, Saiun x2, Ju87CKai x2, Ryuusei Kai x3, Tenzan 601 x1, Type 21 Air RADAR x4, Type 22 Surface x1, ASW Radar and depth charges (4 radars, 8 depth charges), Type 3 shell x6, Type 91 shell x5

Above specifically stated ships are all with default equipments and fully modded for all their stats (except AA on majority). Some ships are in midst of training (Ashigara & Myoukou) but they wont make it in time for event as I plan to start stocking from next week.

Advice and criticism are welcomed. Please be harsh so I can have a better idea of how bad things look for me and what methods to change. Thank you. :D<ac_metadata title="Advice for my fleet (Summer Event)"> </ac_metadata>