Ello all. I'm a HQ 97 Admiral and I'd like for you guys to check if my fleet can clear all the event maps on medium difficulty. It's a bit nerve wrecking on how this event is supposed to be harder than the last one, even though I did clear it last time (albeit on easy). So, here goes. 

DDs:

Yuudachi Kai Ni lv 62, Shigure Kai Ni lv 62, Verniy lv 72, Akatsuki Kai Ni lv 70, Shimakaze Kai lv 53, Yukikaze Kai lv 49, Hatsushimo Kai lv 64. 8 backupd DDs, levels 30-40.

CLs:

Sendai Kai Ni lv 68, Jintsuu Kai Ni lv 62, Isuzu Kai Ni lv 50, Yuubari Kai lv 37, Ooyodo Kai lv 44,

CLTs:

Kiso Kai lv 62 (will k2 before event), Kitakami Kai Ni lv 67, Ooi Kai Ni lv 54.

CAs:

Nachi Kai Ni lv 65, Haguro Kai Ni lv 72, Maya Kai Ni lv 78, Ashigara Kai lv 62, Atago Kai lv 37, Tone Kai lv 44.

CAVs:

Mogami Kai lv 41, Suzuya Kai lv 71, Kumano Kai lv 35.

CVLs:

Ryuuhou Kai lv 100, Junyou Kai lv 76, Hiyou Kai lv 45, Ryuujou Kai lv 47, Zuihou & Shouhou Kai lv 25.

CVs:

Akagi Kai lv 44, Kaga Kai lv 85, Hiryuu Kai Ni lv 84, Souryuu Kai Ni lv 80, Shoukaku Kai lv 67, Zuikaku Kai lv 47, Katsuragi Kai lv 50.

BBs:

Musashi Kai lv 82, Nagato Kai lv 58, Mutsu Kai lv 73, Kongou Kai Ni lv 83, Hiei Kai Ni lv 77, Haruna Kai Ni lv 86, Kirishima Kai Ni 76, Littorio lv 45.

BBVs: 

Fusou Kai lv 58, Yamashiro Kai Ni lv 80, Hyuuga Kai lv 24.

SS(V)s:

Goya Kai lv 58, Imuya Kai lv 59, Maruyu Kai lv 40.

Others:

Akitsumaru lv 24, Akashi lv 24, Chitose & Chiyoda lv 12, Akitsushima lv 8



Notable Equipments:

Fighters: Reppu x6, Shinden Kai Ni x4, <span style="color:rgb(0,0,0);font-size:14px;line-height:22px;">Type 0 Fighter Model 21 (Skilled) x2, </span><span style="color:rgb(0,0,0);font-size:14px;line-height:22px;">Zero Fighter Model 52C (601) x1</span>

<span style="color:rgb(0,0,0);font-size:14px;line-height:22px;">Dive Bombers: Suisei Model 12 x6, T62 Fighter/Bomber x5, Suisei Egusa x1, Type 99 Dive Bomber (Skilled) x1, </span>

<span style="color:rgb(0,0,0);font-size:14px;line-height:22px;">Torpedo Bombers: Ryuusei x14, Ryuusei Kai x4, Type 97 Dive Bomber (931) x1, Tenzan (601) x1, Ryuusei (601) x1, </span><span style="color:rgb(0,0,0);font-size:14px;line-height:22px;">Tenzan Tomonaga x1</span>

<span style="color:rgb(0,0,0);font-size:14px;line-height:22px;">Other Aircrafts: Zuiun Model 12 x1, T0 Obsv Plane x1, Saiun x6, T2 Recon x3.</span>

<span style="font-size:14px;line-height:22px;">Guns: 20.3cm (no.2) x5, 46cm x4, 381mm/50 x2, OTO 152mm x1.</span>

<span style="font-size:14px;line-height:22px;">Others: T91 AAFD x1, T94 AAFD x1, Fleet Command Facility x1, Searchlights x4, Starshell x1, Night Recon x1, DameCon x5, DameFairy x1, 2 AP Shells, 3 Sanshikis.</span>



And last but not least, resources: 

36,759 Fuel, 37,801 Ammo, 33,207 Steel, 21,735 Bauxite, 317 Buckets. Aiming for 40k for fuel, ammo and steel before the event while baux around 25k. 

Personally I think I'm a bit weak on the CL side. Might struggle if shiplock happens on the CL side. I also have a few more ships I'd like to level, namely Ashigara, Kiso, Hatsushimo, Junyou to their K2 forms. Not through 3-2 though, through PvP. I think I've done enough 3-2s for now haha. Another thing is, what should I craft next? More Reppus are good yes, but I think I'm a bit lacking on stuff like sanshiki and AP shells. 

Anyways, with these ships and equipments, will I be able to clear the event on medium? Advices are appreciated! And thank you for reading. <ac_metadata title="Is my fleet ready for the event (medium)?"> </ac_metadata>