Hello everyone, I had mainly questions for the easy difficulty, and was wondering what I should focus on now with what I have.

My HQ lvl is currently 69 soon to be 70, and I have the following resources:

Fuel: 7k  |  Ammo: 3k  |  Steel: 2.5k  |  Baux: 6k  |  Buckets: 33

Here's my list of ships with their levels and equipment: [http://i.imgur.com/6769WI8.png Ship Girl List] [http://i.imgur.com/wWiShX4.png Equipment List]

Basically I have a few ships above level 40, some even being 60 (with my highest currently being my lvl 66 CL Yuubari). I'll head over to the questions now.

1.) Should I focus more on getting buckets while letting my resources hit soft-cap, or getting resources beyond soft-cap?

2.) Do these events get increasingly more difficult compared to previous events? I was here for the Spring 2015 event and managed to get Littorio, but I was completely out of everything after that point and had almost no time left to get Roma or that Submarine Tender. I haven't played much since but I do have more buckets/resources now than what I had before when I started that event, and a Musashi as well. So I'm just wondering if it'll atleast be easier for me now than before.

3.) Should I try to get another Type-3 shell from equipment crafting, or just save onto what resources I have? (I currently have one Type-3 shell).

4.) Is there anything else I need or should be concerned about in terms of ships to level, equipment to get, etc.? I have an idea on my priorities right now but I wouldn't mind someone's help in knowing if there's things I"m missing or ship classes I should be focusing on right now.

Many thanks for your time on reading my thread and posting your advice/help.

EDIT: Just for reference, I planned on taking the following ships for what I assume is another Carrier Task Force Combined Fleet:

Main: Musashi(15)/Nagato(52)  |  Zuikaku(54)/Shoukaku(52)/Katsuragi(31)/Zuihou(39)

Escort: Yuubari(66)  |  Yukikaze(50)/Shimakaze(46)  |  Maya(63)/Kako(46)  |  Littorio(22)<ac_metadata title="How hard is easy?"> </ac_metadata>