In the Spring 2015 event, I cleared E-1 to E-4 on Medium; E-5 was giving me trouble, so I gave into easy, and finished E-6 strong on medium (literally running to 0 fuel by the end of it).

After that, I've slowly built up my fleet, and think I can go medium/hard for this upcoming one.<br />But since I've never experienced what AL/MI was like, I'm not sure on how this event will be for me.<br />I was planning on doing mainly medium; given a 6 map event, I want to do probably 4-5 on Medium.

My fleet consists of:


DD: Yuudachi (84), Verniy (83), Shigure (76), Akatsuki (71), Fubuki (70), Mutsuki (67), Yukikaze (63), Ushio (60), Hamakaze (56)

CL: Jintsuu (79), Sendai (72), Noshiro (66), Yuubari (59), Naka (55), Ooyodo (53), Tenryuu (50), Yahagi (47), Tatsuta (37), Agano (35)

CLT: KTKM (97), Ooi (80), Kiso (75)

CA: Maya (96), Myoukou (84), Nachi (69), Tone (62)

CAV: Suzuya (83), Kumano (36)

CVL: Junyou (97), Ryuujou (89), Chitose (34), Hiyou (34), Shouhou (33)

CV: Souryuu (97), Kaga (93), Hiryuu (79), Shoukaku (74), Zuikaku (74), Akagi (63), Katsuragi (63)

BB: Kongou (99), Haruna (97), Yamashiro (95), Musashi (88), Bismarck Drei (82), Fusou (80), Mutsu (68), Nagato (43)

SS: Imuya (78), Ro (78), Goya (78), Hachi (65), Iku (65)

5 Reppuu, 5 Shinden K2, 2 Type 21 Skilled, 1 Type 52 Skilled, 1 Reppuu 601<br />2 Type 91<br />5 Type 3<br />3 Type 32 Surface Radar

Resources: 29K, 33K, 87K, 26K<br />287 Buckets


Reading some comments from other TTKs on the forum, the most urgent need to me seems to be to level more CA/CAVs; I've been focusing on Tone, but the lack of BP stalls me.

I think I should level both Nachi and Kumano, but I don't think I may make it in time for other CAs/CAVs such as the rest of the Takao- and Myoukou- classes, and Mogami.<br />Should I also focus on leveling Chitose and Hiyou/Shouhou?<br />I'm planning on leveling the CLs to ~70-80 if I can, but my main question is priorities.

My Resources don't seem to be enough, mainly fuel. I've been running mostly 2/37/38 (Buckets from 2, and 37/38 for the most "value"). Should I switch up 37 to something more fuel productive because 2 is giving me good ammo as well? As for buckets, I've liberally used some to clear 2-5 and 3-5, but I'll probably stop doing anything crazy and just go 3-2/4-3 grinding.

For crafting, I've been mainly focused on Reppuu to little result (naturally), but should I possibly shift crafting to AP Shells?

Thank you in advance!<ac_metadata title="Fleet Prep for Mostly Medium, perhaps 1 or 2 Hard"> </ac_metadata>