Ok, so long story short I've made some really bad decisions and have a horrible line up for E3.

My ship selection and equip list is not the best with only a few Kai Ni ships and not a great amount of good equipment I thought I would go through the event on easy mode, but when I saw the radar for E3 Med, I thought I could give it a go, since it was a pretty juicy prize.

Fast forward 1 week and nearly 100 buckets later and I am still stuck on the final kill.

So anyway, with the setup I have (below) will I have a chance of passing E3 med or should I cut my losses and go back to Easy so I can at least get the new ships and other prizes from the other stages?

Main Fleet:

Shouhou Kai 54 (Ryuusei Kai, 2x Type 52 fighter,Saiun)

Hiyou Kai 41 (2xType 52 fighter, Ryuusei, Suisei Mod 12A)

Kaga Kai 60 (2x Reppu, Tenzen 601, Suisei Mod 12A)

Shoukaku Kai 55 (2x Shiden Kai 2, Tenzen 601, Type 52 fighter)

Kongou Kai 70 (Triple 356mm Main Gun, 356mm Main gun, seaplane, type 22 radar) [double attack day]

Musashi Kai 66 (2x Triple 460mm Main Gun, Type 0 Observation seaplane, Type 22 Radar) [double attack day]

Escort Fleet:

Isuzu Kai Ni 58 (12.7 DP gun mod 2, 90mm DP Gun, type 13 air radar kai) [AACI Setup + Night double attack]

Shigure Kai 33 (2x 10cm DP gun, Seachlight) [night DA + night bonus]

Hibiki Kai 33 (2x 10cm DP gun, Starshell) [night DA + night bonus]

Chikuma Kai Ni 76 (2x 203mm type 2 Main Gun, Zuiun 634, Type 22 Radar) [double attack] 

Hiei Kai 37 (Triple 381mm Kai w/1 star Main Gun, 356mm Main Gun, Type 98 night scout, type 22 radar) [double attack + night bonus]

Kitakami Kai Ni 76 (Kouhyouteki, 2x OTO 152mm Sec gun OR 2x Quintuple Torpedo launcher) [opening torp + night double OR Night torpedo CI]

As it stands I am acheiving air superiority at the boss node, all my fighter groups are at least gold stroke experience with some being double gold chevron. My attack aircraft are sometimes wiped out on some, if any of my carriers by the time I get to the boss node.As such they're sitting idle during normal shelling phase at boss node.

I also have 2x type 91 AP shells in my equipment list but I don't normally use them as my BBs seem to miss 90% of the time when they have them equipped.

I also was using fleet command but, If I used the ability to continue sortie and take 2x ships out of the fleet I would either lose my air superiority or not have enough firepower at boss node. So have been going without it.

I am also using boss node shelling support with all radars equipped, but they are rarely hitting their targets at all and barely seem worth the resources to use them!

The best result I have gotten with the current setup was the boss left on 23hp, one CV Demon with around 1/2 health with the rest sunk. 

I have been trying to conserve buckets by only doing limited sorties every day (1 or 2) doing normal repairs as much as possible and using Akashi to repair my yellow and green damage ships.

Current resources are Munitions & fuel ~11-12k Steel ~18k Baux ~21k Buckets 20x

So I know that was a lot to go through, but any help would be appreciated. Even if that is to just cut my losses and start again on Easy.

Thanks.<ac_metadata title="Can I get through E3 on med with this fleet? It&#039;s doing my head in!"> </ac_metadata>