I'm not new into this game but I lack of time, started playing since November 2014 I think. I didn't have much time because I have to study to get good grades now I can play some more, but still it's like 3 weeks to event. I was reading about fleets of people here and I think I need some advice. Here is my fleet:

BB - Nagato Kai (46), Mutsu Kai (40)

FBB - Haruna Kai (62), Kongou Kai (46), Hiei Kai (45), Kirishima Kai (45), Bismarck Kai (36)

BBV - Hyuuga Kai (34), Ise Kai (34), Yamashiro Kai (32), Fusou Kai (24)

CA - Ashigara Kai (47), Maya Kai (38), Choukai Kai (36), Nachi Kai (31) - and bunch of other sitting with ~5 lvl (Should I lvl up them in 3-2A or is it better place to do it?)

CLT - KTKM Kai2 (50), Ooi Kai2 (50)

CL - Sendai Kai2 (60), Isuzu Kai (48), Naka Kai2 (48), Ooyodo Kai (35), Yuubari Kai (25), Jintsu Kai (21) - Should I get more CL? I'm thinking about after Isuzu Kai2 getting Jintsu Kai2

DD - Verniy (70), Yuudachi Kai2 (61), Fubuki Kai (56), Shigure Kai (46), Yukikaze Kai (46), Shimakaze Kai (40), Amatsukaze Kai (33), Samidare Kai (31), Hatsushimo Kai (28) - same here should I keep spamming with DDs on 3-2A or another map?

CV - Kaga Kai (57), Akagi Kai (50), Shoukaku (13), Souryuu (7), Katsuragi (5), Hiryuu (4) - Well I could say biggest problem here don't know where I can lvl up them fast

CVL - Chitose CVL Kai (48), Junyou Kai (43), Hiyou Kai (40), Shouhou (17), Ryuujou (9) - Compared to CV I can lvl up them in that 3-2A at least

SS - U-511 Kai (55), I-58 (35), I-8 (35), I-168 (34) - Still don't have Shioi well maybe after event I will do some LSC to get her

AS, AR, AV - Akashi (1), Akitsushima (3), Taigei (7), Chiyoda Kai (14)

Equipment:

Fighter: Reppu 3x, Shiden Kai 2 3x, Type 52 Zero Fighter 12x

Bomber: Suisei (601 Air Group) 1x, Ju 87C Kai 2x, Suisei Model 12A 2x, Suisei 12x

Torpedo: Tenzan (601 Air Group) 2x, Ryuusei Kai 2x, Ryuusei 1x, Tenzan 10x

Saiun 3x

Radars: Type 13 Air Radar 1x, Type 22 Surface Radar 1x, Type 33 Surface Radar 1x, Type 13 Air Radar Kai 1x, Type 21 Air Radar 8x

ASW: Type 3 Sonar 1x, Type 93 Sonar 5x, Type 3 Depth Charge 1x, Type 94 Depth Charge 8x

Engine: +13 Evasion 1x, +10 Evasion 1x, +6 Evasion 1x

Shells: Type 3 Shell 3x, Type 91 AP Shell 5x, WG42 1x (I heard that you can use this on enemies like that AP shell)

Night: Searchlight 1x, Starlight 1x, Night Scout plane 1x

Other: Zuiun 12x, Drum Cannister 12x, FCF 1x



I'm waiting for any advice I would like to clear this event whole on Medium maybe first two maps on Hard if I could for better rewards. It would be great if someone could advice me where I can lvl up those CV/CVL and other things that you will advice me to do. Almost forgot, tell me which expeditions should I spam, now I have 29k fuel 38k ammo 21k steel and 14k baux and 203 buckets but I know that I should spam expedition number 2 for buckets so I'm doing right now, and I'm doing quests daily and weekly to get more buckets. Thanks for help.<ac_metadata title="What should I improve?"> </ac_metadata>