Hi again everyone. I have new questions.

1) I am getting mix info regarding Zuikaku. Is she the second best CV ONLY in Kai Ni mode?

I don't have Shoukaku so I can't do the quest to get the item to make Zuikaku Kai Ni and I only have 2 medals so I can't buy the blue print.

I am using a CV to lvl Maya to Kai Ni at 3-2A. (I don't have good guns for Maya, she have a very hard time to MVP there and my subs get badly damage each sortie since it take too long to wipe the abyssal feelt without a CV :( so I am using the CV as flagship and I am trying to carry Maya to lvl 75).

I have Souryuu Kai Ni lvl 78, Akagi Kai lvl 64, Kaga Kai lvl 60, Zuikaku Kai lvl 75.

I was using Zuikaku to carry Maya but since I can't Kai Ni Zuikaku, is she the weakest CV among the 4 CVs that I have? Should I instead lvl up Akagi instead of Zuikaku for this Spring Event? 

(Sorry, Even though I read Kaga is the best CV for air superiority but I don't really like her because of her cold attitude and she ain't hot IMHO XD) 

http://prntscr.com/awccxv

2) These are the airplanes I have (most I got from getting Souryuu, Jun'you and Ryuujou to Kai Ni.)  Do I need to try my luck during the daily crafing for more Reppu and Ryuusei Kai?

http://prntscr.com/awcam9

3) Can I ignore Hiei and just focus on letting Kirishima, Kongou, Yamashiro to get a few more lvls or I MUST have FOUR lvl 50 FBB?

http://prntscr.com/awce4w

4) I read that I need 3 CAs and the Myoukou sisters are really good but they are only lvl 40 whereas Choukai is 50+ and Tone will hit 50 soon. Can I just focus Maya Kai Ni (working on her), Choukai and Tone (Not enough time to Kai Ni Tone for this event :( )?

http://prntscr.com/awcekt

5) Extra question. I have Chitose and Chiyoda at lvl 50 and Ryuujou at lvl 75. Are the Chitose sisters better even though they are lower level?

http://prntscr.com/awcgjx

FYI: I plan to stop lvling and start hoarding resources once Maya hits Kai Ni.

My resources are very low (since I only started playing 5 weeks ago and I only know about EVENTS 3 weeks ago >.< )

http://prntscr.com/awcmbk

My present fleet status.

http://prntscr.com/awcn2l

http://prntscr.com/awcngr

http://prntscr.com/awcnpm

Thanks everyone, love you all :)<ac_metadata title="Question regarding CV,Air planes,BB and CA for EASY 2016 Spring Event."> </ac_metadata>