I really need advices in improving my fleet. Since the fact that i just afford to reach E-5 at Summer 2015 really annoyed me and in the upcoming event, i really want to try clearing the whole event at highest difficulty. Any advices, suggestions are appreaciated.

=== KANMUSU === (All the ships are maxed modernization some except AA stats)

1. Battleship (BB): Mutsu (Lv.30)

2. Destroyer (DD): Ayanami Kai 2 (Lv.78),  Verniy (Lv. 76), Akatsuki Kai 2 (Lv. 74), Yuudachi Kai 2 (Lv. 73), Fubuki Kai 2 (Lv.72), Shigure Kai 2 (Lv.69), Shimakaze Kai (Lv.51), Yukikaze Kai (Lv.30), Amatsukaze Kai (Lv.22) and some more unremodel (like Ushio Lv.43, Mutsuki Lv.44)...

3. Light Cruiser (CL): Jintsuu Kai 2 (Lv.70), Sendai Kai 2 (Lv. 61), Isuzu Kai 2 (Lv.54), Naka Kai 2 (Lv.53), Ooyodo Kai (Lv.43).

4. Light Cruiser Torpedo (CLT): Kitakami Kai 2 and Ooi Kai 2 (All at Lv.97 and maxed stats)

5. Heavy Cruiser (CA): Choukai Kai 2 (Lv.81), Maya Kai 2 (Lv.78), Ashigara Kai 2 (Lv.78), Haguro Kai 2 (Lv. 76), Kako Kai 2 (Lv.65), Atago Kai (Lv.34).

6. Aviation Heavy Cruiser (CAV): Tone Kai 2 (Lv.79), Mogami Kai (Lv.25)

7. Light Aircraft Carrier (CVL): Junyou Kai 2 (Lv.83), Ryujou Kai 2 (Lv.77), Chiyoda CVL (Lv.58), Chitose CVL (Lv.50), Hiyou Kai (Lv.30)

8. Fast Battleship (FBB): Kongou Kai 2 (Lv.92), Haruna Kai 2 (Lv.89), Kirishima Kai 2 (Lv.87), Hiei Kai 2 (Lv.85), Littorio (Lv.25)

9. Aviation Battleship (BBV): Yamashiro Kai (Lv.83), Ise Kai (Lv.66), Hyuuga Kai (Lv.40), Fusou Kai (lv.39)

10. Aircraft Carrier (CV): Hiryuu Kai 2 (Lv.80), Souryuu Kai 2 (Lv.79), Shoukaku Kai (Lv.69), Zuikaku Kai (Lv.64), Akagi Kai (Lv.62), Kaga Kai (Lv.62)

11. Submarines (SS): I-168, I-19, I-8, I-58 (around Lv.50)

Currently i'm at around 100k fuel, 100k ammo, 90k steel, 40k bauxite and around 250 buckets.



Thanks a lot.<ac_metadata title="Is my fleet enough to take on Hard Fall 2015 Event?"> </ac_metadata>