Salam Sejahtera

Upcoming Event Summer will be my second participation after the Spring Event. Currently, my HQ level is 72. And, here's list of available ship that I have (Remodel Only) :

DD : Shigure Kai2 (67) ; Mutsuki Kai2 (65) ; Yuudachi Kai2 (63) ; Hibiki Kai (40) ; Murakumo Kai (33) ; Shimakaze Kai (31) ; Yayoi Kai (30) ; Yukikaze Kai (30) ; Kisaragi Kai (30) ; Asashio Kai (29) ; Fubuki Kai (24) ; Nagatsuki Kai (24) ; Akebono Kai (24) ; Akatsuki Kai (23) ; Mochizuki Kai (23) ; Ushio Kai (21)

CL(T) : Kitakami Kai2 (72) ; Naka Kai2 (52) ; Jintsuu Kai (46) ; Sendai Kai (44) ; Isuzu Kai (36) ; Noshiro Kai (35) ; Yuubari Kai (29) ; Kuma Kai (29) ; Kiso Kai (27) ; Tama Kai (23) ; Tenryuu Kai (23)

CA(V) : Haguro Kai (61) ; Maya Kai (50) ; Kumano Kai (45) ; Chikuma Kai (34) ; Atago Kai (32) ; Choukai Kai (32) ; Mogami Kai (25)

FBB/BBV : Kongou Kai (65) ; Italia (58) ; Haruna Kai (56) ; Ise Kai (52) ; Kirishima Kai (49) ; Fuso Kai (49) ; Hiei Kai (49) ; Yamashiro Kai (26)

CV(L) : Zuikaku Kai (62) ; Kaga Kai (53) ; Akagi Kai (39) ; Souryuu Kai (37) ; Junyou Kai (34) ; Hiyou Kai (28) ; Chiyoda-Kou (22)

Other Ships (Non-Remodel) : Nagato (24) ; Hiryuu (31) ; I-168 (25) ; Akitsumaru (16) : etc.

In the last event, I had just completed 4 of 6 avaiable maps (E-1 - E-4). All in Easy Mode. For this event, I'll try Medium Mode.

For equipment, I have 3 Sanshiki, 1 Type 91 AP Shell, 1 Type 91 AAFD, 2 Shinden Kai2, 8 Suisei, 1 Suisei Model 12A, 1 Tenzan (601 Air Group), 1 Ryuusei, 8 Tenzan, etc.

Are there any improvements that could be done to deal with upcoming events?

Thanks for your attention.<ac_metadata title="Is My Fleet Ready ?"> </ac_metadata>