I started in Spring'15 & clear mostly on Easy. Summer is my 2nd event & hope to do Med. It'll be my first time tackling ship lock so any advice from the vets is appreciated. I've just came back from a 2 week vacation break with no Kencolle. I've read wikia's latest, log in to check my fleet & did some est. Below are my info.

1) HQ lvl 69 (Sigh...just reach lvl 69 despite TKK for 6 mths). Resources @ +/- softcap = 17K (Fuel/Ammo/Steel), 21K (Baux), 742 Buckets.

2) FBB/BB/BBVs = 4xKongou sisters (80,80,80,80), Matsu(71), Littorio(70), Fuso(45), Yamashiro(43).

3) CV/CVL = Kaga(70), Akagi(62), Zuikaku(60), Hiryuu(55), Souryuu(55), Katsuragi(47), Hiyou(35)  Shoukaku(32), Shouhou(32), Junyou(29), Ryuujou(27), Chitose(25), Chiyoda(25).

4) CA/CAV = 4xMyoukou sisters(70,66,65,65), Tone(63), Chikuma(58), Maya(48), Choukai(45), Mogami(36), Kinugusa(26).

5) CL/CLTs = 3xSendai sisters(71,70,70), Ooi(63), KTKM(62), Yuubari(38), Kiso(31), Isuzu(30).

6) DDs = Fubuki(74), Yuudachi(72), Ayanami(72), Hibiki(69) Hatsushimo(68), Shigure(67), Ushio(65) Hatsuharu(65), Shimakaze(65), Mutsuki(53), Yukikaze(50), Hamakaze(40), Kisaragi(39), Akatsuki(38), Takanami(30).

7) Others = 4SS, Akitsushima(30), rest of fleet < lvl25.

8) Planes (listing only >= 3-star) = Reppu (3), Susei 12A (4), Type62 F/B (1), Ju87C Kai (2), Ryuusei (1), Tenzen 601 (1), Nightscout (1).

9) Guns = 12.7cm Kai B (3), 12.7cm HA late model (1), 10cm HA AAFD (1), 15.2 cm twin (6), 15.5cm triple red (18), 15.5 cm triple yellow (14), OTO 152mm (2)  20.3cm twin nos. 2 (9), 35.6cm dazzle camo (2), 381mm/50 triple (2), 46cm proto (1).

10) Radars = Type13 (7) , Type21 (20) Type22 (6) , Type33 (1).

11) Sonar & Depth Charges = Type93 (10), Type3 (1), Type94 (10), 

12) Other Equips = Type 3 Shell (5), Type 91 Shell (4), Star Shell (2), Searchlight (4), Skill Look Out (1).

I must confess to being a big DD fan, my under-attention to rest of fleet esp. CV/CVLs + air planes feels like its gonna become my event weakness. RNG's blessing weeks of plane crafting with tons of crap too.

I work on weekdays & manages to log-in about 1hr or so per day, mostly to pvp, clear dailies & exped. So not quite practical for me to do the usual 24/7 power-level-grind fleet thing - instead I run exped. 22, 23 & 32 & do daily pvp for fleet levelling. Currently levelling Tone, Chikuma, Maya, Choukai, Fuso, Yamashiro on pvp. DDs, CLs, Chitose & Chiyoda on exped. 22 & 23. CV/CVLs Zuikaku, Shoukaku, Hiryuu, Souryuu, Katsuragi, Hiyou on exped. 32. I''ll probably run map 1-6 & switch to resource expeditions to stockpile above softcap just before end of month to prep. for the event.<ac_metadata title="Advice for a HQ lvl 69 TKK to clear Medium, please."> </ac_metadata>