Hi all! It's quite a while since i came left Kancolle and this wikia, i missed quite a-lot of things especially Iowa from the previous event. Well, i'm back just in the midst of the Summer 2016 event and cleared Easy cuz limited resource and buckets that i left since Christmas day in December last year.

I'm currently facing an extremely critical problem of lack of shipslots and equipment slots. This was warned beforehand and i now i am facing the consequences. Most ttk got away from this problem with cash but i'm still holding strong and refuse to surrender. [shipslot: 92+/100, equipment: 450+/497] 

This time, its you guys turn to help me (again). I've come to ask you all to help me find a way to progress in-game, many kanmusu have to be decommissioned and sacrificed but this is for the sake of improving the fleet. Below are some of my doubts:



1. Who has to go? Other than the rare DD, are that any non-DD that might be possible to be replaced with better stats kanmusu? You may tell me about LSC kanmusu but also have to take resource into account for other things. 



2. Who should i prioritise for the next blue print. I first thought of Roma because of her guns and the ability to craft some italian reconnaissance plane or perhaps Choukai in the near future? 



3. Which equipment should i focus on modernising the most? I have a huge abundant of crappy ASW equipments and torpedoes waiting to be mordenised, not to mention that there are more low grade radars than the best one too. It also come to my attention that Type 0 Fighter Model 21 (Skilled) has +7 to combat radius, this may be my helpful for LBAS for escorting torpedo/bomber/land-based attack aircraft. 



4. Should i raise the Asashio-class DD team? While i was gone, they receive their k2 update. Their stats and equipment are good but isit worth it to have them like now?



Below are the full list of everything i have in the fleet, only the upgradable equipment will be mentioned:



DD: Akatsuki Kai Ni 74, Verniy 76, Ikazuchi 72, Inazuma 72, Ayanami Kai Ni82, Hatsushimo Kai Ni 86, Shigure Kai Ni 86, Fubuki Kai Ni 90, Shimakaze Kai 87, Yukikaze Kai 90, Teruzuki Kai 84, Akizuki Kai 67, Libeccio Kai 63, Z1 Kai 55, Kawakaze 49, Hatsukaze Kai 23

DD(to be decommissioned after quest/remodel):Hagikaze 24, Uzuki Kai 46, Yayoi 55, Mochizuki 7

DD(pending): Asashio 4, Ooshio 4



CL: Sendai Kai Ni 80, Naka Kai Ni 79, Jintsuu Kai Ni 86, Yuubari Kai 61, Ooyodo Kai 82, Abukuma Kai Ni 96

CL(pending, quest): Kinu 1

CLT: Kitakami Kai Ni 98, Ooi Kai Ni 98, Kiso Kai Ni 81



CA: Myokou Kai Ni 91, Nachi Kai Ni 80, Maya Kai Ni 96, Takao Kai 79, Atago Kai 79, Ashigara Kai 40, Kinugasa Kai Ni 73, Choukai Kai 68  

CAV: Chikuma Kai Ni 76, Tone Kai Ni 83, Suzuya Kai 72, Mogami Kai 63, Kumano Kai 65, Mikuma 10 



BB: Nagato Kai 96, Mutsu Kai 95, Warspite 58

FBB: Kongou Kai Ni 94, Kirishima Kai Ni 95, Haruna Kai Ni 97, Hiei kai Ni 94, Roma 35

BBV: Hyuuga Kai 80, Ise Kai 80, Fusou Kai Ni 95, Yamashiro Kai Ni 83



CV: Unryuu Kai 50, Hiryuu Kai Ni 87, Souryuu Kai Ni 87, Akagi Kai 90, Kaga Kai 93

CV(pending): Aquila 27

CVB: Shoukaku Kai Ni A 92, Zuikaku Kai Ni A 93

CVL: Houshou Kai 58, Shouhou Kai 58, Chitose-Kou 83, Chiyoda-Kou Kai 83, Hiyou Kai 91, Junyou Kai Ni 94, Zuihou Kai 84, Ryuujou Kai Ni 81 



SS: I-168 90, I-58 84, I-19 47, I-8 83, SS cannon folderx4 

Aux: Taigei x2 25&31, Katori Kai 69, Kashima Kai 72, Hayasui Kai 72, Akitsumaru Kai 40, Chitose A 42, Chiyoda A 42, [insert missing Akashi here, currently waiting for her to come back with 5 repair slots]


Equipment:

[Primary Armament]

Small - 12.7cm Model B Kai 2 x4, 10cm Twin HA+AAFD x4

Medium - 20.3cm (No.2) x6 [improved ver. x4, non-improved x2], 20.3cm(No.3) x3, 15.2cm Twin Gun Mount x1 

Large - 35.6cm MAX x2 [plenty of 35.6cm non-improved], 35.6cm(Dazzle Camo) x2, 381mm/50 triple x1, 41cm +4 x6, 46cm x4


[Secondary Armament]

OTO 152mm +2 x1


[ASW]

Sonar - Type 93 x19, Type 3 x5

Depth Charge - Type 93 x14, Type 3 x1


[Torpedo] - 61cm Quad x12, 61cm Quint +2 x3



[Radars] - Type 22 Surface Radar x9, Type 21 Air Radar x7. Type 13 Air Radar x10



Others:

Type 3 Shell x9, Type 91 AP x6 [+6 x4, +8 x2], Searchlight x8, and 2 repair facility(in case ur wondering where is Akashi), Type 94 AAFD x2, Type 91 AAFD x2, Underway Replenishment x3*, Combat Ration x11*

(*seriousy, is there a need for these stuff including those rocket launchers? Or should i just keep 1 for trophy instead?)<ac_metadata title="Post Event talk: Surviving within the limit as a high level ttk without paying rl money [Hard+/Don&#039;t reply unless you&#039;re done with Summer 2016 event]"> </ac_metadata>