Hey guys. I've been wondering if my fleet is ready for the next event and so, I look upon to you to help me decide if I'm ready or not.

'''HQ Lv. 88'''

'''Resources: '''Fuel (24.5k), Ammo (34k), Steel (28k), Bauxite (28k), Buckets (152)

'''Ship List:'''

'''DD: '''Fubuki K2 (77), Yuudachi K2 (72), Shigure K2 (68), Shimakaze Kai (59), Ayanami Kai (57), Yukikaze Kai (52), Hibiki Kai (46), Amatsukaze Kai (32)

'''CL: '''Sendai K2 (68), Naka K2 (57), Isuzu Kai (34), Jintsuu Kai (28), Yuubari (24), Kuma Kai (20)

'''CLT: '''Kitakami K2 (80), Ooi K2 (80)

'''CA: '''Maya Kai (65), Furutaka Kai (55), Choukai Kai (26), Kako Kai (25), Suzuya (22). Haguro (13)

'''CAV: '''Kumano Kai (60), Mogami Kai (36)

'''FBB: '''Kongou K2 (80), Hiei K2 (77), Haruna Kai (59), Kirishima Kai (59), Italia (49)

'''BB: '''Mutsu Kai (44), Nagato Kai (42), Yamato (15)

'''BBV: '''Fusou Kai (35), Yamashiro Kai (35), Ise Kai (30), Hyuuga Kai (30)

'''CVL: '''Ryuujou Kai (44), Jun'you Kai (42), Hiyou Kai (26), Zuihou Kai (25)

'''CV: '''Kaga Kai (57), Katsuragi Kai (50), Akagi Kai (46), Souryuu Kai (45), Hiryuu Kai (31)

'''SS: '''I-8 Kai (61), I-19 Kai (51), I-58 (43), I-168 (40), Maruyu Kai (42)

'''AV: '''Chitose-A (12), Chiyoda (1)

'''Equipment List:'''

'''Main Guns: '''12.7cm Twin Gun Mount Type-B K2 (1), 15.5cm Triple Gun Mount (17), Prototype 35.6cm Triple Gun Mount (1), 381mm/50 Triple Gun Mount (2) / Kai (1)

'''Torpedoes: '''61cm Quint (Oxygen) Torpedo Mount (2), 61cm Triple (Oxygen) Torpedo Mount (1)

'''Fighters: '''Shiden K2 (2), Reppuu (2), Type 52-C Zero Fighter 601 Air Group (1)

'''Dive Bombers: '''Suisei (13), Ju87C Kai (2)

'''Torpedo Bombers: '''Tenzan (5) / 601 Air Group (1), Ryuusei (2) /  601 Air Group (1)

'''Seaplanes: '''Type 0 Observation Plane (1), Type 98 Recon Seaplane (Night Scout) (1), Zuiun (7)

'''RADAR: '''T21 Air RADAR (9), T22 Surface RADAR (3), T32 Surface RADAR (1), T13 Air RADAR (1) / Kai (1)

'''Shells: '''Type 3 (5), Type 91 AP (5)

'''AA: '''12cm 30-tube Rocket Launcher (1), 90mm Single HA Gun Mount (1), Type 91 AAFD (1), Type 94 AAFD (1)

'''ASW: '''Type 94 Depth Charge (6), Type 3 SONAR (2), Type 93 SONAR (2)

'''Engine: '''Enhanced Steam Boiler (1), New High Pressure-Temperature Steam Boiler (1)

'''Night Battle: '''Searchlight (1), Star Shell (1)

That's it. I wonder if I listed too much since this is my first time asking. Anyways, all advice will be very much appreciated. Thanks!<ac_metadata title="Easy, Normal, or Hard?"> </ac_metadata>