Heya,

Preface: I'm a quite new player (about a month), who played casually for most of that time. About a week ago, I decided to use up some more of my free time for this amazing game. And saw that there was an event upcoming. So I've been preparing for this event now and a question arose: Is it even possible for me to clear easy, let alone medium difficulty?<br />A bit about my current state: HQ lvl is 52, Cleared all maps til 4-3, all 4 fleets unlocked, expeditions 1-25 cleared, willingness to grind all my free time (like half of the day, I'm an uni student ^^) existent. I also K2'd Junyou from 1 to 80 in 4 days, which is certainly not great, but should enable me to K2 at least 5 more ships (if not more, jump from 70 to 80 costed me an entire day and like 6k fuel/ammo).

Going by shinh's guide, I currently have the following ships in my possession for the event:<br />DDs: Yuudachi K(26), Shimakaze K (21*), Hatsushimo K (21), Shigure K (21), Fubuki/Ayanami/Yukikaze (1)<br />CLs: Sendai K (20), Naka K2 (49*), Kuma (7), Jintsuu/Nagara/Natori/Yuubari (1)<br />CLTs: Kitakami K (33), Ooi K (18)<br />CAs: Maya (15), Myoukou K (27), Choukai/Haguro/Nachi/Ashigara (1)<br />CAVs: Tone/Chikuma (1), Mogami K (17)<br />BBs: Hiei K (50), Kirishima K/Haruna K/Kongou K (25), Mutsu (1)<br />BBVs: Fusou K (63), Yamashiro (1), Hyuuga K (18)<br />CVs: Kaga K (30**), Akagi K (50**), Souryuu K (34)<br />CVLs: Junyou K2 (80*), Chitose/Chiyoda K2 (50*). Also currently levelling Ryuujou (41),Hiyou(27),Shouhou(19), because I only have 2 CVs.<br />SSs: I-58 (50, unsure if I should kai her yet), 8, 168 and two other 58's at 30ish, Maruyu (16). All maxed ofc. Boy was I happy about having multiple copies when grinding 3-2 ^^<br />AVs: Chitose/Chiyoda A (12)<br />I neither have Akashi nor Ooyodo.<br />*=max without AA<br />**=max with AA

Equipment:<br />Now this is, where it starts to really look shitty. I mean, not that the underleveled fleet was shitty enough, nu, here is my equipment:<br />2 Reppuus, 1 Shiden K2 (shitton of 52's)<br />1 Saiun<br />3 T21 AR, 1 T13 AR K<br />9 T93 Sonar, 4 T94 Depth Charges<br />1 Type 3 Shell<br />2 Type 91 Shell

So now the question from the beginning again: Is it even possible for me to prepare enough in the remaining time to clear easy or, what I'm really gunning for, medium?<br />And if so: What should my order of priority be? Right now I'm mostly levelling my non K2'd CVLs/CV and trying to get more reppuus/shidens via 20/20/10/90. Throwing in some Type 3 shell-focussed recipes every now and then too. Totally clueless on what to do afterwards, other than levelling Fubuki and Sendai. Not building any ships (CV recipe is too expensive for me to keep up levelling). I'm also unsure if I should use up my ress on getting Ooyodo or Akashi.<ac_metadata title="Easy/Medium fleet advice"> </ac_metadata>