Hello fellow admirals!

First off, this is the third event I will be attending. I am still way too unexperienced to join the frontlines, but I will do my best to clean up behind our seasoned colleagues!

During the last two events I managed to clear the entirity of maps, save for the last dance (Still sad about Akitsushima. I like her design :c) - Although I feel like the Spring Event was a little my own fault. Partly missing preparation, partly getting too confident in clearing E6 on hard.

My general strategy last time involved switching difficulties so that I don't suffer under shiplocking too much. This actually was quite successful, I was able to clear E1 through E3 on hard, E4 on easy and E5 on medium in order to attempt a shot at that golden medal.

However, AL/MI has an entirely different "historic" ring to it, in terms of Kantai Collection.. Getting a little nervous here and there I thought it cannot hurt to ask for a short analyzation of my fleet.

[http://puu.sh/j9v9i/52c942b20b.png Here is a puush to my fleet as shown in KC3改's Strategy room (Sorted by level).]

[http://puu.sh/j9HvT/07c68d7717.png And this is a slightly more detailed list (to the lower levels) sorted by ship classes first.]

[http://puu.sh/j9HPL/93f95f9fbd.png For more detailed reference, here is a list of my armory, leaving out the weapons and items that exist in an abundance already.]

I hope this overview was not too vast and I want to say thank you to anybody who has actually read through all this. Even more to those who actually gave thought to my situation!

My plan this season is probably the same as last season: Aim for the gold medal, try to get the best rewards that I can afford while navigating through shiplocking.
Also, I can live with not clearing every map on hard. I will also be way more careful about how long to actually attempt and fail doing E6 hard..

(Storytime: Last Event I tried it on hard until the last day and had only one try left before the time ran out - The boss survived the last dance on easy with 1 HP.. :x I'm not going back there...)

Big big thank you in advance!

-- Fuurin~

Edit: This post was edited into a (hopefully) better structure. I re-created the equipment list as an image because it was really hard to read and I added another ship list sorted by ship classes; I left the other, sorted by level, back there though, in case it might get useful.<ac_metadata title="Will the Event destroy me?"> </ac_metadata>