Hello to everyone who might read this post. I'm a fairly new as I started only about a month and a half ago. Very much looking forward to my first event.

Now that I've done everything that was in my ability to prepare I am putting the results here, fishing for any advice that might come my way.

HQ lvl 80

Fleet

DDs: Verniy(70), Yuudachi K2(55), Shimakaze K(44) and a bunch of other Kai DDs that require lvling

CLs: Sendai K2(60), Kiso K(33) didn't have much time to spend on these

CLTs: KTKM K2(67), Ooi K2(50)

CAs: Tone K(68), Kako K2(67), Maya K(67), Atago K(28)

CAVs: Suzuya K(42), Kumano K(41)

CVLs: Jun'you K(76), Zuihou K(66), Hiyou K(29)

CVs: Souryuu K2(78), Kaga K(73), Akagi K(53), Zuikaku K(51)

(F)BB(V)s: Fusou K(66), Kongou K(65) Haruna K(60), Kirishima K(60), Ise K(46), Mutsu K(36)

Equipment:

Shiden Kai 2 x4

Reppuu x2

Type 21 Zero Fighter(Skilled) x1

Suisei x8

Type 62 Zero Fighter-Bomber x1

Suisei Model 12A x1

Type 99 Dive Bomber(Egusa Squadron) x1

Tenzan x6

Ryuusei x3

Type 97 Torpedo Bomber(Skilled) x1

Saiun x2

Type 2 Recon Aircraft x1

Type 98 Recon Seaplane(Night Scout)

Type 21 Air Radar x4

Type 22 Surface Radar x1

Type 3 Shell x1 (no luck crafting shells at all)

Searchlight x2

Star Shell x1

Type 91 AA Fire Director

Resources

394 Buckets

25k/42k/28k/21k

There might be a some useless information here, but I appreciate any advice.

Update: E-7 is finished barely meeting the deadline with 2 hours left on the event.

Achievements: E-1 Hard, E-2 Easy, E-3 Medium, E-4 Easy, E-5, Easy, E-6 Medium, E-7 Easy

Notable drops: Maruyu x2, Roma, Mikuma, Ooyodo, Amatsukaze and several other rare DDs

Resources: 26 buckets, 11k/29k/4k/22k

I honestly didn't think I would be able to finish E-7 with what resources I had left, I'm overjoyed with what I managed to achieve and happy that my effort was not in vain.

Once again, thank you for all your advices.<ac_metadata title="Fleet check right before the event"> </ac_metadata>