hello, some time ago i posted asking advice about my fleet. here's the previous post : http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Thread:284352

since then i went and did some grinding but since the date is getting close, i worry about my resources, because i use up more resources than expeditions (2, 5, 21) regenerates while i grind. my aim is to clear a mix of easy and medium depending on the reward. here's my fleet atm.


DD : hatsushimo (72), verniy (70), yuudachi (67), shigure (64), shimakaze (60), fubuki (55), ushio (54), murakumo (51)



CL : yuubari (71), sendai (70), naka (62), jintsuu (60)



CLT : kitakami (70), ooi (67)



CA : maya (85), nachi (77), haguro (57), choukai (45)



CAV : tone (80), suzuya (53)



BB : kongou (97), haruna (95), fusou (90), hiei (80), yamashiro (77), kirishima (59), littorio (50)



CV : akagi (81), hiryuu (80), souryuu (78), shoukaku (70), katsuragi (40)



CVL : junyou (63), ryuujou (53), hiyou (43)



SS : i-401 (58), i-168 (41), i-58 (36), i-19 (34)



resource : 22k / 23k / 43k / 22k

bucket : 306

equipments :

reppu (6)

shinden kai2 (3)

type 21 zero fighter (skilled) (2)

saiun (1)

type 2 recon aircraft (1)

type 3 shell (4)

type 91 ap shell (5)



atm im training hiyou and choukai trying to get them above 50. but i worry about my resource as the date is getting near. i'm also not sure whether i should add another CVL? i'm also running 20/60/10/110 on dailies since the last post for planes.<ac_metadata title="please check my fleet (update)"> </ac_metadata>