'''Link to fleet and info: '''http://imgur.com/a/SM7QK (I've added a list of LBAS planes as well) 

'''Just a quick word :) -''' I will only attempt hard if the equipment is worth it, usually ill just do a full medium clear - don't particularly enjoy salt lol. Just asking if i can complete hard to check if i have the ability to get the equipment - not too confident in what i have right now. :\ Hoping to get a second opinion 

'''Fleet condition '''- Generally most of my levels are fine, but the problem i can see is a lack of levels in my CAV's and CA's. I have Tone on standby for her K2 next month, so that gives me two level 75 CAV's with two level 60's for backup. As of right now i'm trying to get all 4 CAV's to min level 70 - in case there is multiple shiplock. Need more 80+ CA's for shiplock. Recently i've prioritised the levelling of BB's and CV's because they are important late game in events, hence the high levels and CVB's - but that left other areas of my fleet significantly underlevelled. I've levelled more DD's (12) for utility in case of shiplock as well. If i had enough time i would ensure all areas of my fleet are 90+ (95+ for heavier ships), but right now it might be a struggle considering i still have level 70's. 

May have to hunt for Kinu or Uranami in case of routing - then maybe K2 Kinu if she doesn't require a blueprint. 

'''OASW capable ships '''(T4+T3+DC) - 8 ships with 2 dd capable (Note - Abukuma can equip mini sub and still achieve OASW with DC)

'''Daihatsu capable dd's '''(5) - Asashio, Satsuki, Verniy, Kasumi, Kawkaze (4 capable of carrying T2 Amphibious) 

'''Equipment - '''I think my equipment is fine, but i probably should have improved my red primary guns more instead of T4 Sonar. 3 x AP shells (+6 and one max) 20.3(3) +6, 2 x 35.6cm (max), 35.6 dazzle camo (+7), Proto 41cm (+3). All the rest are either +1 or not improved. Most likely will get another T4 from Fishery event? 

'''Resources - '''I've started hoarding resources since it's around 1 month before the event. Aiming to get approx at least 50k (better if at 60k+) fuel/ammo with around 30k bauxite and 500 buckets. Reason for being so low right now is due to consecutive Taihou LSC's - really drained my stuff :( still no Taihou. If i could get more bauxite fast enough i would aim for 40k since LBAS mechanic and Carrier combined fleet - but aiming at least for 30. Might have to stop levelling and start Orel to regen resources in time. <ac_metadata title="Possibility for full hard clear - levels in regard to shiplock mechanic"> </ac_metadata>