Hey, some of you may remember me considering I've made a thread in the past in this section. I've made a few improvements on my fleet, and am wondering if I'll do better now. Also started using KC3 Kai so this'll be much easier to sort through.

The previous thread: http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Thread:290269#11

For the current roster;

DD :http://i.imgur.com/pb9c2Uk.png

CL: http://i.imgur.com/fR02lYh.png

CLT: http://i.imgur.com/Ji2ORwM.png

CA: http://i.imgur.com/lFgNAZ4.png

CAV: http://i.imgur.com/plrFszp.png

CV: http://i.imgur.com/VOXppJf.png

CVL: http://i.imgur.com/zXaUJIn.png

(F)BB(V): http://i.imgur.com/Eovc71F.png

SS(V): http://i.imgur.com/mkGMOhs.png

Others:http://i.imgur.com/2FzW0Tl.png

Equipments: 

<p style="color:rgb(0,0,0);font-size:14px;line-height:22px;">Fighters: Reppu x8, Shinden Kai Ni x4, Type 21 Zero Fighter (Skilled) x2, Zero Fighter Model 52C (601) x1</p>

<p style="color:rgb(0,0,0);font-size:14px;line-height:22px;">Dive Bombers: Suisei Model 12 x8, T62 Fighter/Bomber x6, Suisei Egusa x1, Type 99 Dive Bomber (Skilled) x1, </p>

<p style="color:rgb(0,0,0);font-size:14px;line-height:22px;">Torpedo Bombers: Ryuusei x10, Ryuusei Kai x4, Type 97 Dive Bomber (931) x1, Tenzan (601) x1, Ryuusei (601) x1, Tenzan Tomonaga x1, T97 Dive Bomber (Skilled) x1. </p>

<p style="color:rgb(0,0,0);font-size:14px;line-height:22px;">Other Aircrafts: Zuiun Model 12 x1, T0 Obsv Plane x1, Saiun x4, T2 Recon x4, T98 Night Recon x1</p>

<p style="color:rgb(0,0,0);font-size:14px;line-height:22px;">Guns: 20.3cm (no.2) x8, 46cm x4, 381mm/50 x2, OTO 152mm x1.</p>

<p style="color:rgb(0,0,0);font-size:14px;line-height:22px;">Radars: T21 Air Radar x11, T22 Surface Radar x8, T13 Air Radar Kai x3, T13 Air Radar x4</p>

<p style="color:rgb(0,0,0);font-size:14px;line-height:22px;">ASW: T3 DC x2, T94 DC x17, T3 Sonar x2, T93 Sonar x3</p>

<p style="font-size:14px;"><span style="color:rgb(0,0,0);line-height:22px;">Others: Sanshiki x4, AP Shell x2, DameCon x6, Repair Goddess x1, Enhanced Steam Boiler x1, New High Pressure-Temperature Steam Boiler x1, Ka-type Observation Autogyro x1, T3 Spotter/Liaison (ASW) x1, Pugliese Underwater Protection Bulkhead x2, Searchlight x6, Starshell x1, Fleet Command Facility x1, T91 AAFD x2, T94 AAFD x1, Skilled Lookouts x1.</span></p>

<p style="font-size:14px;">
</p>

<p style="font-size:14px;"><span style="color:rgb(0,0,0);line-height:22px;">Also did EOs up until 4-5. It's a bitch. Did some sparkling through PvP, will continue to do so. Still crafting AP shells via dailies, but no luck so far.</span></p>

<p style="font-size:14px;">How much maps can I do on hard? And lightly farm on them. Tbh this event popped up at a bad time for me, I've exams coming up on the 24th. Plan to finish the event & farming by then. </p><ac_metadata title="Last check for Medium/Hard."> </ac_metadata>