First off, I gotta say that even though I'm lvl 98 admiral which makes me quite a high lvl admiral, that's meaningless since it's just HQ inflation. I've started playing just around the end of March and in the last event I only managed to finish E-1 in easy mode and I spent the rest of the time farming for rare ships.



As I said, I still think of myself as new admiral and as I said that my HQ lvl is inflated, my girls are, to be honest, not in that good shape. 

By the way, I'm one of those with "catch 'em all" syndrome so I have most of the ships available from normal sortieing and construction. I'll state only the one worth mentioning below.



DD : Inazuma K (lvl 63 max), Shimakaze K (lvl 46 max), Yukikaze K (lvl 37 5 stars) Shigure K2 (lvl 62 max) Murasame K (lvl 43 5 stars) Amatsukaze (lvl 11: is she worth power lvling?) Yuudachi K(lvl 49 and still power lvling.) And yes, the rest of the DDs who have kai ni are hopelessly far away from their K2 lvl)



CL : Isuzu K2 (lvl 60 max), Sendai K2 (lvl 61 max), Jintsuu K2 (lvl 60 max), Yura K (lvl 59 max), Naka K (lvl 48 : draining her morale before remodeling her), Kuma K (lvl 38 4 stars), Ooyodo K (lvl 38 5 stars), Yuubari K (lvl 28 5 stars)



CLT : Both Kitakami and Ooi are K2 (lvl 67 max)



CA ( the most hopeless here IMO) : Myoukou sisters ( all 5 stars between lvl 39-46) Takao sisters ( all 5 stars between lvl 33-42) Tone (lvl 37 5 stars) Chikuma (lvl 35 5 stars)



CAV : Mogami (lvl 39 max), Suzuya (lvl 58 max), Kumano (lvl 47 max)



BB : Kongou K2 (lvl 81 max), Haruna K (lvl 79 and still pumping), Hiei K (lvl 55 55 stars), Kirishima K (lvl 36 5 stars), Nagato K (lvl 60 max), Mutsu K (lvl 55 max),  Musashi (lvl 34 and still pumping)



BBV : Fusou K (lvl 56) Ise + Hyuuga K (lvl 54) all 5 stars, Yamashiro K (lvl 46 4 stars)



CVL : Chitose and Chiyoda're just freshly K2, Hiyou K (lvl 54), Junyou K (lvl 49)



CV: Akagi K (lvl 76 max), Kaga K (lvl 54 4 stars), Hiryuu & Souryuu K (lvl 46 3 stars, are they worth grinding?), Shoukaku K (lvl 61 5 stars), Zuikaku K (lvl 33 2 stars)



SS(V): I have 2 copies of I-19, I-58, I-168 and I-8, one of each copies are remodeled.



Akitsumaru K (lvl 38 4 stars)

Akashi k (lvl 35 2stars) heard there was some maps in the past where she's involved with the branching rules. 


Equipments worth mentioning : 2 Reppu, 4 Shiden K2, 1 Ryusei, 1 Ryusei K, 4 Saiun, 1 Type 2 observation planes, 2 Ju87CK, 3 Suisei 12 A, 1 type 1 shell, 2 type 91 shell, 2 type 3 shell, 1 type 91 AAFD, fleet command facility, starshell, searchlight, bunch of radars



Resource : All are around 10k since I've just done my last LSC before event and I think I can stock them up in time. Appx 500 buckets.<ac_metadata title="Fleet assessment. pls. Are they ready for at least medium?"> </ac_metadata>