hi, i managed a mixed of early hard and ended easy on summer event. with the next event coming i'd like another review on my fleet. and the difficulty i should attempt.



DD :

shigure (90) hatsushimo (85) yuudachi (78) fubuki (78) verniy (77) shimakaze  (76) ushio  (71) yukikaze (68) teruzuki (65)



CL :

jintsuu (84) sendai (81) naka (80) yuubari (80) abukuma (72)




CLT :

kitakami (89) ooi (87)



CA :

maya (96) nachi (88) haguro (77) ashigara (74) choukai (74) myoukou (63)



CAV :

tone (94) suzuya (75)



BB :

kongou (98) haruna (98) fusou (98) yamashiro (95) hiei (87) kirishima (85) nagato (78) littorio (76) bismarck (66) mutsu (66)



CV :

akagi (92) hiryuu (92) shoukaku armored (89) souryuu (88) kaga (76) zuikaku (66)



CVL :

junyou (86) hiyou (78) ryuujou (75) chitose (59)



SS :

i401 (92) i168(74) i19(73) i58(70)



AV :

mizuho (58)



currently i'm leveling chikuma (36), bismarck, zuihou (29), myoukou, teruzuki, yukikaze, zuikaku, kaga, mutsu, nagato

all ships are fully modernized and upgraded according to their level except bismarck. i only have 1 blueprint ready. ships still needing blueprint : abukuma, bismarck (2), zuikaku, chikuma



nagato, mutsu, bismarck, kaga, and zuikaku are my newest addition to the fleet i got them after summer event and have been leveling them since. either by pvp for destroyers and cruisers or 3-2 for carriers.



notable equipments :

reppuu (9)

shinden k2 (4)

type 21 zero fighter (skilled) (2)

suisei 12A (2)

ju87c kai (2)

suisei egusa (1)

ryuusei kai (3)

tenzan 12 tomonaga (1)

tenzan (601 air group) (1)

tenzan 12 murata (1)

saiun (2)

type 2 recon aircraft (2)



type 3 shell (4)

type 81 ap shell (5)

type 1 ap shell (2)



type 93 sonar (5)

type 3 sonar (2)

type 4 sonar (1)

lots of depth charges



searchlight (5)

star shell (1)

type 91 AAFD (2)

type 94 AAFD (1)

skilled spotting personnel (1)

fleet command facility (1)



do let me know if theres another info i should be providing, thanks in advance!<ac_metadata title="need reviews and suggestions on difficulty for fall"> </ac_metadata>