HQ100 admiral here, been playing since early Spring 2014 looking for thoughts on minimal fleet compositions.

Despite playing for more than a year, being a roleplay player basically means that I don't exactly have a min/max fleet composition optimized for event clearing, this is especially true when you add ship locking into the mix. Anyhow, here's my fleet (* indicates kai):



(56 ships total)

'''BB: '''Haruna** '''(99)''', Kongou** '''(99)''', Bismarck** (95), Nagato* (89)

'''BBV:''' Ise* (58), Hyuuga* (58)

'''CV:''' Taihou* '''(99)''', Kaga* '''(99)''', Zuikaku* (97), Katsuragi* (93)

'''CVL:''' Ryuujou** (83), Zuihou* (56)

'''CA:''' Prinz Eugen* (76), Kinugasa* (49)

'''CAV:''' Suzuya* '''(99)''', Mogami* (49), Mikuma* (49)

'''CL:''' Yahagi* (60), Abukuma* (53), Ooyodo* (42), Yuubari* (41), Kinu* (30), Yura* (28)

'''CLT:''' Kiso** (65), Kitakami** (55)

'''DD:''' Amatsukaze* '''(130)''', Akizuki* '''(99)''', Shimakaze* (86), Yukikaze* (72), Akatsuki* (67), Hibiki* (57), Ikazuchi* (57), Inazuma* (57), Asagumo* (52), Hatsuyuki* (52), Miyuki* (51), Yayoi* (48), Uzuki* (48), Isonami* (47), Urakaze* (44), Tokitsukaze* (43), Hatsukaze* (43), Hamakaze* (41), Z1* (36), Z3* (36), Kuroshio* (30)

'''SS:''' I-168* '''(99)''', I-58* (91), RO-500 (89), I-19* (88), I-8* (87), Maruyu* (74), I-401* (67)

'''Other:''' Akashi* (35), Akitsushima* (35), Taigei (23)

'''Equipment:'''

1 Reppu Kai, 1 Reppu (601st), 6 Reppu, 3 Shiden Kai Ni

4 Type 3 Shells

5 Type 91 Shells

1 Sendai Kai Ni night battle equip set

'''Resources:'''

100K Fuel

150K Ammo

150K Steel

42K Bauxite

414 Buckets

'''Notes:''' Kinugasa will hit Kai Ni by event and will probably be near fully modernized, Akatsuki and maybe Hibiki are possible candidates for Kai Ni during the event, no plans for ABKM K2 at this time.



As you can see, I'm pretty starved when it comes to CA, CL coud use some level buffs and when it comes to ship locking, I pretty much have to ez modo due to the limited count of ships per class. As a result I end up missing good drop tables offered in higher difficulties and its pretty unsatisfying steamrolling through easy with lvl 70+ ships.

Now obviously the straightforward answer to my question would just be to get more ships of each class, but I've been there/done that, max/min play just isn't for me. In the end, success on ship lock difficulties probably comes down to branching rules, but I'd like to hear what people think could be an absolute minimum fleet comp or perhaps thoughts on playing with non-optimal roleplay fleets.

Some thoughts on the fleet for clearing medium would be nice too (feel free to suggest CA that I could add on a '''personality''' basis (Aoba?), '''not stats''' basis. Takao, Atago, Kumano unavailable).<ac_metadata title="Small Fleets and Ship Locking"> </ac_metadata>