Hello everyone.

I decided to share my shiplist and stuff here and hopefully get some advice. I cleared last event mostly on Hard, with the exception of E-1 and E-5 which I did on Medium because of the rewards. I plan to do the same this time, doing Hard when I really need to and Medium when I don't. I have strengthened my fleet considerably since last event, so I'm more or less optimistic. However, here's what I have.

HQ level: 97

Resources (approx.): 32k/33k/57k/33k, 362 buckets (hopefully will get to ~400)

All ships (except for SS) are remodelled according to their level, low-level ships omitted from the list.

BB: Nagato (116), Kongou (92), Haruna (89), Hiei (75), Kirishima (75), Bismarck (75), Mutsu (72)

BBV: Fusou (73), Yamashiro (57)

CV: Akagi (82), Souryuu (78), Hiryuu (77), Kaga (75), Zuikaku (70)

CVL: Ryuujou (82), Jun'you (80), Chiyoda (68, currently getting her to 70), Hiyou (64, might get to 70)

CA: Maya (83), Myoukou (72), Haguro (70), Choukai (70), Ashigara (65), Nachi (65), Aoba (59, will be 60+ when event starts)

CAV: Tone (73), Chikuma (70), Mikuma (66), Mogami (63)

CL: Sendai (72), Jintsuu (70), Ooyodo (65), Naka (54)

CLT: Kitakami (84), Ooi (75), Kiso (69)

DD: Shigure (77), Yuudachi (77), Fubuki (74), Yukikaze (73), Ayanami (72), Hatsushimo (70), Shimakaze (68)

SS: U-511 (51), I-168 x 2 (45/43), I-401 (38), I-58 x 2 (33/29), I-8 (26), I-19 (18). I listed all of my subs, even the low-level ones. ^^;

Equipment:

Large guns: 46cm x 3, 46cm proto x 1, 41cm x 16, 35.6cm dazzle x 2

Medium guns: 20.3cm (no.3) x 3, 20.3cm (no.2) x 11, 15.2cm x 10

Small guns: 10cm HA+AAFD x 1, 12.7cm Type B x 3, 12.7cm HA late model x 4

Torpedoes: 61cm quint x 3, 61cm triple oxygen x 1, 61cm quad oxygen x 15

Radars: Type 21 x 17, Type 22 x 5, Type 33 x 1, Type 13 Kai x 4, FuMO25 x 1

Engines: Improved Kanhon type turbine x 2, Enhanced steam boiler x 1, New model high pressure-temperature steam boiler x 1

Fighters: 10 Reppuu, 1 Reppuu 601, 13 Shiden Kai2

Dive bombers: 1 Suisei 601, 2 Ju87C Kai, 1 Type 99 Egusa, 1 Type 99 skilled

Torpedo bombers: 3 Ryuusei, 3 Ryuusei Kai, 2 Ryuusei 601, 1 Type 97 Tomonaga, 1 Type 97 skilled

Recon planes: 8 Saiun, 4 Type 2 recon aircraft

Seaplane bombers: 2 Zuiun 634, 1 Prototype Seiran (and a bunch of normal Zuiuns)

Various: 5 Type 91 AP shells, 6 Type 3 shells, 5 searchlights, 2 star shells, 2 type 91 FD, 1 type 94 FD

If you need to know anything else about the equipment, please tell me.

I think I'm a bit weak in the CL and CVL departments. Currently, I'm levelling my CVLs (Chiyoda and Hiyou) as the event is said to be carrier-intensive. What do you think I'm lacking? What should I fine-tune during these last days before the event starts? Please tell me what you think!

Thank you!

(edit: silly me, didn't realise I could look up all equipment amounts in KCV ^^; )<ac_metadata title="How ready am I for hard/medium?"> </ac_metadata>