Hi there !

I wanted to do a lest check before Summer 215. Here is my fleet : http://i.imgur.com/4Qr7Cys.jpg

I am currently grinding in 3-2-A with a fleet composed of Suzuya, Akagi, Nagato, KTKM Kai and Abukuma.

Concerning my equipments, I'm fairly good with everything, except maybe fighters, since I have only 4 Reppu + 2 Reppuu 601, my others fighters being a few Shinden Kai2 and Type 21 Zero Fighter (Skilled). As of my radars, I have 1* Type 33, 1* Type 32 and 2* Type 22 Kai2 (no FuMo :/). I got 6* Type 3 Shell, 4* Type 91 AP Shell et 1*Type Shell. I have full set night battle, enough ASW gears, AACI gear from Akizuki Kai, Maya Kai2 and the 90mm Gun Mount. I also have SCAMP and FCF. Don't know if I forgot something important.

As of modernization, I found Akashi recently, so I just had the time to upgrade a searchlight to the Type 96 Searchlight, for the sake of collection I think ... After reading a few posts, I started upgrading my 20.3 (n2) and my Type 91 AP Shell.

My ressources are 34/34/42/27 and 550 buckets. I am currently running expeditions 2, 21 and 37 (with sparkled fleet for 37).

I am planning to go through Hard as far as I can before my ressources and sanity are depleted.



What do you think of my situation. I am fairly confident in my girls skill, but I don't know if this will be enough. Also, I would like adivces on what to upgrade with Akashi, and also what to do about my expeditions and my grinding.

Thank you for reading through this, and if I forgot any important informations, please tell me.<ac_metadata title="Last check before Summer 2015"> </ac_metadata>