Hi guys, I'm a pretty casual player on kc and I've been playing ever since a while before AL/MI starts. Knowing and having seen how bad even veteran TTKs struggled on it(well mostly on that ridiculous E-6....), I am getting really worried about this event. I got the first-class medal easily last event but knowing that this one will be a large-scaled one, I think I really can't compare it with the last event. My goal is hopefully to clear All-Hard difficulty, Advices are appreciated.

P.S.: Missed the fall 2014 event because some important exams were coming up and I wasn't able to get a chance to open KC at all so I don't have any akizuki, prinz etc.

--

(F)BB: Kirishima(111), Haruna(96), Kongou(92), Hiei(90), Yamato(80), Mutsu(77)

BBV: Fusou(81), Hyuuga(81)

DD: Hatsushimo(84), Yuudachi(83), Verniy(82), Shigure(81), Ayanami(74), Ushio(72), Hatsuharu(68), Yayoi(50), and some bunch of other backup DDs around lv35~49

CL: Jintsuu(80), Sendai(75), Ooyodo(72), Noshiro(53), Naka(50)

CLT: Kiso(116), Kitakami(95), Ooi(85)

CV: Unryuu(120), Taihou(105), Amagi(90), Souryuu(87), Katsuragi(85), Hiryuu(84), Kaga(80), Akagi(72)

CVL: Junyou(81), Zuihou(81), Chiyoda(72), Hiyou(60)

CA: Maya(78), Haguro(77), Choukai(70), Myoukou(70), Kako(65), Kinugasa(63), Atago(30)

CAV: Tone(86), Kumano(61), Suzuya(60)

SS(V): 4 main subs Ro-500, Goya, Hacchan(not kai), Imuya are all 99, Maruyu(43), and some multiple Imuya and Goya copies at 50~60

Others: Akashi(35), Akitsu Maru(27), Katori(15), Akitsushima(6)

Resources: Currently 94k/95k/193k/35k 649 buckets, will get fuel+ammo to at least 110k~120k and steel to 200k before event starts.

All ships listed above that have kai nis and already reached kai ni lvl requirement are all kai ni'd, all the three Unryuus are also Kai.

Plane EQs:

Fighters - Reppuu 601: 1 | Reppuu: 3 | Shiden k2: 6 | Zero Fighter Model 52C (601): 3 | Type 0 Fighter Model 21 (Skilled): 2

Dive Bomber - Suisei Model 12A: 5 | Type 0 Fighter Model 62 (Fighter-bomber): 5 | Ju 87C Kai: 2 | Type 99 Dive Bomber (Skilled): 1 | Suisei (Egusa Squadron): 1 | Suisei (601): 3

Torpedo Bomber - Ryuusei: 8 | Ryuusei Kai: 5 | Tenzan Model 12(Tomonaga Squadron): 1 | Type 97 Torpedo Bomber (Skilled): 1 | Tenzan (601): 2 | Ryuusei (601): 3

Others - Saiun: 7 | Type 2 Reconnaissance Aircraft: 1

Yes... I know I REALLY need more Reppuu, but really, I've been spamming almost 200 crafting attempts and still not even a single Reppuu. My bauxite was 50k+ and now it's down to 35k as you guys can see. Really, I'm not even kidding, It's either the RNG being super ridiculous and trolling or my luck is just way TOO bad for this.<br />Either way... I'll try to craft more for sure, I've been trying tons of different recipes for craftings but still can't manage to grab even a single Reppuu but I'll keep trying anyway. Well, gotta wait for my bauxite to recover to at least 40k again first.<br />Again, advices are appreciated, thank you!<ac_metadata title="Is this enough to clear all-hard? Need advice!"> </ac_metadata>