Need a tips and feedback from any player. Veteran's feedback would be nice.

I wanna finish at least Medium.

Currently at HQ 84, 273 buckets. 16k fuel and steel, 10k ammo and baux. Would farm 3 weeks before the event. I have no problem farming Buckets coz I will play.. ALOT.

I heard that summer event is about Cv/Cvls so started leveling them up. I have a 2 weeks break so imma go nutz. i will level 3 Cv in 60 or k2 in 3 days and will k2 4 CA in 3 days. extra DD and Cl leveling in 3-4 days. I'm gonna do a leveling if I reach my goal and still have extra time in 2 weeks.

My Fleet:

DD: Bucky K2 (74), Shigure K2 (68), Mutsuki K2 (67), Poi K2 (61), Yukikaze K (35), Hibiki K (36), Hatsushimo K (25). -Will level to K2 and add more if needed.

CL: Sendai K2 (65), Naka K2 (51), Jintsuu K (47), Yuubari K (40), Abakuma K (37), Kiso K (31)

CLT: Ktkm K2 (65), Ooi K2 (64)

CA: Maya K2 (75), Myouko K (63), Ashigara K (48), Suzuya (27), Haguro (13), Nachi (8) 

Will level CAV if needed.

CV: Kaga K (78), Akagi K (75), Hiryuu K (33), Souryuu K (31), Zuikaku K (25)

CVL: Junyou K (63), Chitose K2 (56), Chiyoda K2 (52), Hiyou K (50)

BB: Kongou K2 (80), Kirishima K2 (75), Nagato K (70), Hiei K (70), Haruna K (68), Mutsu K (52)

BBV: Fuso and Yamashiro (54)

Equipments:

Reppuu 3, Shiden K2 6, Type 62 Fighter Bomber 2, Ryuusei K 1, Ryuusei 4, Sauin 5.

Nightbattle Package, Air CI Package (Maya & Bucky), Asw Package, Type 3 shell 4, Ap shell 5

and also.. do i need more type 32 radar coz i only have 1. Ap Shell CI is better for an event right?

If possible, Imma do hard just to farm some of my most wanter babes.

Sorry for the thugish and bad english.. (it's not my first language.) XD<ac_metadata title="First Event! Easy, Medium or Go Hard!!"> </ac_metadata>