i didnt finished the last event but i managed to reach E6 hard mode and kill it 2 times at 40+runs even with ships that arent leveled enough for hard mode. just hardcore sparkling and proper equipment setups made me go that far until i ran out of resources. desperately struggling for the sake of completion.

now i wanted to clear it and get those tempting rewards, first-class medal and rare ships, '''IF POSSIBLE''' with my ships.

current resources: 90k/110k/70k/35k  buckets: 540

Main Force

DD: Fubuki K2>77  Shigure K2> 72  Yuudachi K2>75  Yukikaze K>70   Shimakaze K>61  Verniy>780  Akatsuki K>45

CL(T): OOi K2>82  Kitakami K2>92  Kiso K2>67  Sendai K2>70  Jintsuu K2>68  Naka K2>52  Isuzu K2>61  Yahagi K>50  Ooyodo K>54  Yuubari K>50 

CA(V): Chikuma K2>73  Suzuya K> 54  Kumano K>52  Myoukou K2>70  Ashigara K2>65  Haguro K2>76  Choukai K2>70  Maya K2>81

CV(L): Junyou K2>82  Ryuujou K2>78  Chitose Kou K2>71  Akagi K>70  Kaga K>58  Hiryuu K2>80  Souryuu K2>78  Shoukaku K>75

BB(V): Yamashiro K>70 Ise K>52  Fusou K>41  Kongou K2>89  Kirishima K2>80  Haruna K2>97  Mutsu K>50  Nagato K>56

SS(V): Goya K(64)  Imuya K(69)  Iku(50)

Reserves: Ayanami K>39  Inazuma>34  Z1 K>32  Tatsuta K>34  Abukuma K>30   Tone K>32  Hiyou K>38  Chiyoda Kou K>31   Hie K>38  Littorio>30

Equipments: Reppu>8  Shinden K2>9  Observation Seaplane>2  Zuiun 634>1  Prot36.5cm>1  Prot41cm>1 Prot46cm>1  20.3cm(2)>9  20.3cm(3)>1  10cmHAAAFD>1  Type3Shell>4  Type91APShell> 6  FCF, Searchlights, Starshells, Skilled Lookouts, NightScout.

my HQ level(95) doesnt match with my ships level becoz im in dire need of SS required for powerleveling, as crafting and EO wont give me SS until i reached 72 for the first sub, and 80 for the 2nd sub via daily craft. 

advice and suggestions on which ships i need to prioritize levelling, equipments, and remodels. improvements are impossible, i just improved 10cmHA. weekly screws aint enough.

i have 10 days to prioritize leveling, as ill allot a week after the start of event to do some serious stockpiling

advices are highly appreciated...... thanks in advance.. <ac_metadata title="can i go hard with these ships?"> </ac_metadata>