Hi, I've been lurking for a while here but I just registered today. Not asking for any advice in particular, I'm only setting record of my current advance. However if anyone feels like giving any recommendation I'm all ears. I got Roma at previous event and cleared everything on hard except the last map final form boss (no Akitsushima :( ). I've heard so many nightmares about past AL/MI event I'm a bit unsure about what it will come next. I'm HQ Lv 101 by the way.

SS(V): Ro-500 [97], Maruyu Kai [97], I-168 Kai [96], I-58 Kai [96], I-8 Kai [92], I-19 [90].

CLT: Ooi Kai Ni [83], Kitakami Kai Ni [82].

(F)BB/BB(V): Fusou Kai Ni [81], Yamashiro Kai [81], Kongou Kai Ni [81], Kirishima Kai Ni [81], Haruna Kai Ni [81], Hiei Kai Ni [81], Bismarck Kai [80], Mutsu Kai [80], Littorio [25], Roma [25].

*Ise and Hyuuga were scrapped at level 30 during previous event.

CV(L): Akagi Kai [80], Kaga Kai [80], Shoukaku Kai [80], Souryuu Kai Ni [80], Hiryuu Kai Ni [80], Chitose Kai Ni [80], Chiyoda Kai Ni [80], Katsuragi Kai Ni [80], Jun'you Kai Ni [80], Ryuujou Kai Ni [80], Houshou Kai [80], Hiyou Kai [26].

CA(V): Suzuya Kai [76], Kumano Kai [76], Takao Kai [76], Atago Kai [76], Choukai Kai [76], Maya Kai Ni [75], Myoukou Kai Ni [71], Nachi Kai Ni [70], Ashigara Kai Ni [70], Haguro Kai Ni [70], Furutaka Kai [35], Kako Kai [35], Aoba Kai [35], Kinugasa Kai [35].

CL: Sendai Kai Ni [69], Jintsuu Kai Ni [69], Naka Kai Ni [69], Yuubari Kai [67], Ooyodo Kai [65], Tenryuu Kai [25].

DD: Yuudachi Kai Ni [76], Shigure Kai Ni [76], Verniy [76], Ushio Kai Ni [76], Yukikaze Kai [76], Shimakaze Kai [76], Fubuki Kai Ni [75], Ayanami Kai Ni [75], Murakumo Kai Ni [71], Inazuma Kai [68], Akebono Kai [66], Sazanami Kai [66], Akatsuki Kai [61], Ikazuchi Kai [64], Hamakaze Kai [54], Asashio Kai [53], Samidare Kai [50].

Miscelaneous: Akashi Kai [60] (two Ship repair facilities), Chitose A [48], Chiyoda A [46], Akitsumaru Kai [27] (two Daihatsu).

*Everything else is below level 25.
*All 4 basic stats are maxed out (yes, including AA).
*Only Kitakami has 6 Maruyu Kai feed (+9 luck).

Notorious spare equipment (not default stock remodel equipped).<br />- 12.7cm Twin Gun Type-B Kai 2<br />- 20.3cm Twin Gun ★MAX<br />- Prototype 35.6cm Triple Gun<br />- 381mm/50 Triple Gun Mount x 2<br />- OTO 152mm Triple Rapid Fire Gun Mount<br />- 61cm Triple Torpedo Mount ★+4<br />- 61cm Quad Torpedo Mount ★MAX<br />- 61cm Quad O2 Torpedo Mount ★+6 x 2<br />- 61cm Quint O2 Torpedo Mount<br />- Reppuu x 3<br />- Reppuu (601 Air Group)<br />- Suisei x 5<br />- Ju 87C Kai x 2<br />- Suisei (601 Air Group)<br />- Tenzan<br />- Ryuusei<br />- Tenzan (601 Air Group)<br />- Ryuusei (601 Air Group)<br />- Saiun<br />- Type 3 SONAR ★+3<br />- Type 94 Depth Charge ★+6 x 2<br />- Type 3 Shell x 6<br />- Type 91 AP Shell ★+6 x 2<br />- Type 1 AP Shell ★+5<br />- Repair Team x 12<br />- Repair Goddess<br />- Type 91 Anti-Aircraft Fire Director<br />- WG42 x 2<br />- Prototype 51cm Twin Gun Mount<br />- Type 2 Large-sized Flying Boat

Resources:<br />23k/17k/145k/30k<br />767 Buckets<br />258 Development materials<br />15 Improvement materials<br />1 Blueprint

*Right now spamming expeditions 2, 5 and 37 until ammo matches fuel.<ac_metadata title="My current fleet"> </ac_metadata>