'''Btw, keep the title short if you can. Putting a long ass description in the title is a pain to read sometimes.'''
----
The purpose of this page is to find a gathering point for any comments that have to do with an "admiral's fleet prepared-ness" for a certain map or the upcoming event.

'''PLEASE PUT YOUR TITLE AS THIS FORMAT AT LEAST!:'''

[DIFFICULTY] "Whatever shit you want to say"

For example:

[Easy/Medium] Can I do it with my fleet?
----
'''Below is what you should include to help people who want to help you in helping you:'''

*Your Fleet
*Your Equipment
*Your Resources (fuel, ammo, steel, bauxite, bucket)
*Your Goal (Easy, Medium, Hard?)
**'''Note''': You can mention who you want to farm but do that after mentioning the above as telling us who you want to farm (especially before the event) does nothing.
*Questions (should I level this more? What else do I need? More hoarding? etc.)
*Miscellaneous
**HQ Level (You will need at least 35 for Medium and 80 for Hard. Mention this only if you're below those)
**Medals + Blueprint (Mention this if you're wondering who to use your Blueprint on)

<!----

Event Preparation Guide by Shinhwalee (outdated, but still viable):

http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/User_blog:Shinhwalee/Major_Event_Preparation_Guide_for_Admirals
----

Jenesis's guide posted on this thread:

http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Thread:290345

----

'''Quick tip:'''

Do the rule of 2 for every ship class and ship sub class variation (2 CA, 2 CAV and so on). However, for DD do at least 5 DD in cases of a DD/CL only map. For Transport Map, you can still get away with low-level DDs on your main fleet albeit more likely to get hit (like usual).

If you don't have it...you'll most likely need:
*At least 6 sets of ASW gears (Depth Charge and Sonar)
*At least 2 [[Type 3 Shell]] for land-based bosses. Preferably get 5 if you ever think of running 5 CA/BB
*AP shell
*Planes
**Fighter Planes
**Torpedo Bombers 
**Dive Bombers (mainly, for support expedition)
**Land-based Bombers 
***('''Optional)''' for LBAS: this is more difficult than others to obtain early on but can be substituted with Torpedo bombers; the problem you'll usually face is the range. 
*Resources! (duh, the more the merrier...never enough resource) 
!---><ac_metadata title="[Information] What is this page for?" notify_everyone="1435759681"> </ac_metadata>