Hello fellow TTK,

so, I just checked the Medal Page and the Remodel Ranking but Im still not sure how to spend my 2 Blueprints in the most effective way possible.

I have Abukuma K2 already, so technically Tone/Chikuma would be next. But I have 3x Mogami Class lvl 80+ (Mogami, Suzuya, Kumano). Do you guys think medium difficulty is possible with Mogami Class CAV?

Next up would be Choukai or Bismarck Zwei/Drei. I have both Ships and I would like to remodel Choukai, because I dont have the skilled lockout yet and I think this item could be useful. If I had skilled lockouts during summer event, I couldve killed AA Hime way faster (took me around 3-4 days until I got that lucky cut-in during last dance, S-Ranked her only 2 or 3 times on easy.)

I really like my Bismarck (german here~~) and I want to remodel her, but she needs 2 BP to be able to launch torpedos and receive her special plane. After looking at her wiki page, I think Zwei is kinda useless, unless you are able to upgrade to Drei right away?

My Fusou Sisters are waiting for their K2 remodel too.

I have like 4-8 ships of each class around lvl 70-90 now because I want to tackle medium in the upcoming fall event.

So what do you guys think? Should I remodel Choukai and Tone to K2? or Choukai and Bismarck? or just the Bismarck? I really dont know.

On a side note, I do have some high luck DD/CA now, I was missing them last event. (Shigure, Yukikaze, Myoukou reporting for duty) So skilled lockouts might not be an issue?

Please help me out here.<ac_metadata title="2 Blueprints, best way to spend them?"> </ac_metadata>