Hey it's me again. I couldn't play a lot these days but I'm back to work hard on my fleet and I would like you to tell me what you think about it considering medium/hard (I probably won't be able to go full hard but I still would like to go as far as I can because last event I went medium-medium-easy all the way and I felt like a coward at the end with still a shitload of resources)

Resources are 40k/40k/48k/30k with 363 buckets

I can also get one blueprint before the event begins (got none now). 

Here it is : 

'''DD''' : Yuudachi K2 (74), Shigure K2 (74), Hibiki (72), Ushio K2 (65), Shimakaze (65), Inazuma (60), Amatsukaze (43)

''Plan : Getting Amatsukaze to 60 and probably Yukikaze too just to be safe.''

'''CL ''': Sendai K2 (78), Yahagi (57), Kiso (51), Jintsuu (33)

''Getting Jintsuu to K2 would be nice, not quite sure about the rest.''

'''CLT'' ''': KTKM K2 (79), Ooi K2 (77)''

''Nothing to do here.''

'''CA''' : Maya (67), Kako K2 (65), Takao (55), Atago (45), Choukai (42)

''Things are not looking good here. Getting Maya to K2 is obvious, getting the others to 60 would be nice. I neglected Choukai  a bit since no blueprint will come for her any soon. Leveling one or two Myoukou class wouldn't hurt either if I got enough time.''

'''CAV ''': Tone K2 (72), Kumano (56), Suzuya (40), Mogami (35)

''Getting Kumano and Suzuya to 60. ''

'''CV ''': Souryuu K2 (78), Akagi (67), Shoukaku (66), Katsuragi K (60)

''Getting them to 70 or so. I got only these 4 so I should probably get more CVL to a decent level because of shiplocking.''

'''CVL ''': Ryuujou K2 (75), Hiyou (65)

''Getting Chitose sisters to 50 (now ~20). I don't think Junyou will be Lv80 on time will all the other ships I have to level...''

'''BB ''': Nagato (70), Mutsu (56)

''Getting Mutsu to 65-70 through PVP.''

'''FBB ''': Haruna K2 (82), Kongou K2 (81), Hiei (60), Kirishima (42)

''Getting the last two to K2. Obviously.''

'''BBV ''': Yamashiro (80, still K), Fusou (20)

''MAYBE getting Fusou to like 60 but it seems like the lowest priority right now. (It would make 8 BB though which is not really too much)''

'''Equipment ''': No Akashi...

6 Reppuu + Katsuragi and Souryuu's planes 

3 Ryuusei K2 + 7 Ryuusei (same)

11 Suisei + 2 12A, 2 Ju87 + Souryuu's one

3 Saiuns

Akitsumaru's planes

2 boilers (the nice one and the best one)

Sendai's Night stuff

1 Prototype 46cm

5 Sanshiki + 2 Type 91 (2 is probably a bit light...)





That's all. Thanks for reading.<ac_metadata title="Plan for Medium-Hard mix"> </ac_metadata>