<span style="font-size:14px;line-height:22px;">Hello everyone! I have a proposal for a Romanian ship to be featured in the game. First of, Romanian ship production, during and before World War 2, consisted of: 4 river monitors, 4 minesweepers, 2 gunboats, 1 mine layer, and, here's the bomb: two submarines! This truly is something, as submarines were mostly the mark of Great Powers, but here we have this Balkan country actually building it's own submarines! They were named Rechinul (The Shark) and Marsuinul (The Seahog), built between 1938 and 1941. Now, the one that I think is worthy to be added is Rechinul. First of, it was a modern submarine for those times, being armed with one 88 mm naval gun in the front, one 20 mm flak in the rear, and carrying 6 torpedoes. It's top speed was 17 knots on surface and 9 knots submerged. It weighed 585 tons surfaced and 680 tons submerged, having a range of 7000 nautical miles. It's most notable achievement was the longest mission in Romanian submarine history: a patrol mission near the Soviet port of Novorossiysk, form 15 June to 29 July 1944. After the war, it was captured by the Soviets and used for 15 more years before being scrapped.   Conclusion: Due to being, along with Marsuinul, the only non-Soviet submarine made in Eastern Europe (note that not even Poland, who actually made much more ships. actually built their own submarines), due to being modern and well-armed, as well as due to making history for it's country, I hereby present my opinion that this unique submarine should have a place in Kancolle. </span>

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NMS_Rechinul <ac_metadata title="Romanian submarine proposal" lastmove="1462116798"> </ac_metadata>