===27th August===
The Kaga enka can now be listen from jukebox for free until next update to commemorate the launch of JMSDF DDH Kaga.

===14th August hotfix===
A bug where, after using the [[Fleet Command Facility]] to retreat a heavily damaged ship during [[Combined Fleet]] sorties, the retreating ship or the escorting destroyer  would incorrectly consume [[Combat Provisions]] on rare occasions was fixed.

===13th August hotfix===
A bug causing [[Skilled Lookouts]]' graphical effect on activation (the sparkle) to not play in night battle was fixed.

===11th August Live Update===
#Opening up of Second Extended Operation for the [[Summer 2015 Event]]: Operation FS
#*To enter Operation FS, Second Operation SN and it's corresponding quests need to be cleared first.
#*Operation FS consists of E-6 and E-7. E-6 will allow you to use a battle force active in Second South Pacific Battle (E-3), which is mainly composed of a Carrier Task Force. E-7 will allow you to use all the forces over Solomon (except E-5 fleets).
#*You can obtain [[Libeccio]] in expanded operation over the west (E-5), [[Kazagumo]] in Operation FS (E-6/7), and after completing the whole event, [[Teruzuki]].
#Bug fix for [[Aircraft Proficiency]] system
#*A bug where a fleet's aircraft's proficiency level would be affected by the results of other players' PvP battles against that fleet was fixed.
#[[Kawakaze]] welcome text fix.
#Expansion of Hashirajima Anchorage Server's capacity.

__NOTOC__<ac_metadata title="August 2015 Hotfixes" notify_everyone="1439343384" related_topics="Recent Updates|Summer 2015 Event"> </ac_metadata>