'''Note''': I'm only testing out if some important tweet update like Kai-ni will be worth a thread. Probably not.

This is a test for tweets that can cause a longer discussion than normal. Something like Iowa gun, but this one probably won't last for a week. Just testing it out.

----

Due to devs being drunk and announcing a bunch of Kai-ni at once, this thread will be a compilation of all the info regarding the, currently, 3 ships upcoming Kai-ni. The summed up sentence for this info is:

''"The ships currently slated for implementation this spring are the Asashio-class destroyer involved in all three withdrawal operations from the island of tragedy, and the Shiratsuyu-class destroyer who spared no effort in doing the same together with her. In addition, we are preparing a second remodel for one more Asashio-class destroyer which sank after a fierce battle."''

==First Ship (Asashio-class)==

'''EDIT CONFIRMATION''': Upcoming Kai-ni ship is confirmed to be Ooshio

'''Source''': https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/713162824093073408

'''Quick TL''': ''2nd Ship of Asashio-class will get Kai-ni''

Ooshio Kai-ni will come on April 1st (no, not a joke). The specific thread is here: http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Thread:414346
----
Previous Guessing game:

<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed" style="width:100%">
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
There will be one upcoming Asashio-class Kai-ni.

The first few tweets only gave us ambiguous information, which put all the Asashio-class on the plate, but after it did tell us that it will come from the "DD Desdiv 8", which consist of Asashio, Ooshio, Arashio and Michishio. So we're down to 4.

The latest tweet said that:

''"destroyer involved in all three withdrawal operations from the island of tragedy"''

Possible "island of tragedy" is Kiska or Guandalcanal (although it seems to be the latter due to what will be said later). The two ships involved in evacuation operation in Guandalcanal is '''[[Ooshio]] and [[Arashio]]'''.

Lastly, although a bit stretched but Ooshio is one of the starter in Kancolle Kai. It's likely that someone in the dev team is probably having a thing for Ooshio.
</div>
</div>

Assumptions

==Second Ship (Shiratsuyu-Class)==

''a Shiratsuyu-class Destroyer which sortied multiple times in Ironbottom Sound and displayed a high combat strength in night battle''

==Third Ship (Asashio-class)==

Lastly, they mentioned another Asashio-class getting a kai-ni, presumably after the first two sometime later in the year(?).

''"In addition, we are preparing a second remodel for one more Asashio-class destroyer which sank after a fierce battle."''

This can be anyone....so.....go nuts.

==Related Tweets==

{{MultiTweet
|MultiTweetID = Liveupdate
|color = #ace
|title = Live Update tweets

|link01 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/711377540674244608
|EN01 = The ships currently slated for implementation this spring are the Asashio-class destroyer involved in all three withdrawal operations from the island of tragedy, and the Shiratsuyu-class destroyer who spared no effort in doing the same together with her. In addition, we are preparing a second remodel for one more Asashio-class destroyer which sank after fierce fighting.<br/>#kancolle
|JP01 = 今春中の投入を目指して現在実装中の艦は、悲劇の島からの撤退作戦に三回とも参加したある朝潮型駆逐艦と、彼女と同じく結果的に三回とも参加して同撤退作戦に尽力したある白露型駆逐艦を予定しています。また、奮戦の後全艦戦没した朝潮型駆逐艦から、さらにもう一隻改二改装を準備中です。<br/>#艦これ
|TL01 = Hayashi H
}}

{{MultiTweet
|MultiTweetID = Liveupdate
|color = #ace
|title = Live Update tweets

|link02 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/711706335075696641
|EN02 = At present, the Kancolle Administrative Naval Base is preparing the new second remodels to be added this Spring. A ship from the 8th Destroyer Fleet which did its best in Operation Ke, a Shiratsuyu-class Destroyer which sortied multiple times in Ironbottom Sound and displayed a high combat strength in night battle, and another Asashio-class Destroyer are having their second remodels prepared.<br/>#kancolle
|JP02 = 現在「艦これ」運営鎮守府では、今春に投入する新たな改二改装を準備中です。ケ号作戦にも尽力した第八駆逐隊の一隻と、アイアンボトムサウンド方面に幾度も突入、夜戦においても高い戦闘力を発揮した白露型駆逐艦の一隻、さらに朝潮型駆逐艦をもう一隻、改二改装の実装準備を進めています。<br/>#艦これ
|TL02 = Hayashi H
}}

===Related Links===

http://akankore.doorblog.jp/archives/47146951.html

According to people who attended a Kan-Matsuri, the 3rd Kancolle Anniversary event. They asked Saki Fujita who announced at the closing ceremony that the two ships that will get kai-ni are: '''[[Ooshio]] and [[Kawakaze]]'''

However, how much you trust this info depends on you.

----
Poll for fun:

<poll>
What Asashio class ship do you think will get Kai ni?
Asashio
Ooshio
Michishio
Arashio
Asagumo
Yamagumo
Arare
Kasumi Kai san - can now equip Abyssal equipments
</poll>
EDIT: One poll remove to reduce space. Sorry people.<ac_metadata title="Tweet Update: Destroyer Kai-ni Combo (Updated: 20th, March, 2016)" notify_everyone="1457755309" related_topics="Recent Updates"> </ac_metadata>