==Original Notice==
{{MultiTweet
|MultiTweetID = preUpdate
|color = #ace
|title = Pre Update
|link01 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/641053974334803969
|EN01 = To Admirals who belongs to Rabaul Naval Base Server<br />
This Autumn, Admirals who belongs to this server can request to be transferred to Kure Naval District or Sasebo Naval District using lottery. Admirals who wish to transfer, should fill in the form below, choose no reply needed (choose 不要 in 返信 field) in the "Inquiry box" (お問合せ) below the game window (Click お問合せ below game screen when play directly from browser [no KCV or API], and then click the first お問合せフォーム button, fill in the form and click 確認 to send)). We will only accept requests until 13th of September.
|JP01 = 【ラバウル基地サーバ所属の提督の皆さんへ】<br />
今秋、同基地所属の転属希望者の中から抽選で、「呉鎮」または「佐鎮」への配置転換を実施致します。転属希望者は、後述の【異動願い】を、ゲーム画面下の「お問合せ」フォームから返信不要でお送りください。提出期限は9/13(日)迄です。
|TL01 = 
|link02 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/641054566075666432
|EN02 = Admirals who belong to Rabaul Naval Base Server who are interested in switching servers, should fill up the form below (Request to Transfer Form), choose no reply needed(返信: 不要), and send it to the "Inquiry box".<br />
【異動願い】(Request to transfer(form heading))<br />
提督名： (Admiral name)<br />
所属サーバ： (Belonging to which server, (Rabaul Naval Base Server=ラバウル基地サーバ))<br />
異動先希望サーバ： (Which server do you hope to transfer to, (Kure=呉鎮守府, Sasebo=佐世保鎮守府))<br />
艦隊司令部(提督)Lv.：(HQ Level)<br />
異動先選択希望理由：(無記入でもOKです) (Reason to transfer)(can be left blank)
|JP02 = 「ラバウル基地サーバ」所属で、前述の配置転換希望の提督方は、お問合せフォームから返信不要で下記要領で【異動願い】をお送りください。<br />
【異動願い】<br />
提督名： <br />
所属サーバ： <br />
異動先希望サーバ： <br />
艦隊司令部(提督)Lv.：<br />
異動先選択希望理由：(無記入でもOKです)
|TL02 = 
|link03 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/641055801419763712
|EN03 = Admirals who belongs to Rabaul Naval Base Server who wish to transfer
* If you provide insufficient info, you won't become a candidate
* We would decide who can change their server by using lottery (The result will be announced during implementation)
* After Collection and Lottery, the server transfer will be implemented by the end of this month.
|JP03 = 【ラバウル基地サーバからの希望者の配属転換について】<br />
・異動願いの記載に不備がある場合は、異動候補対象にはなりません。<br />
・抽選で配置転換者を決定致します。 　<br />
　(抽選結果お知らせは、実施をもって替えさせて頂きます)<br />
・集計＆抽選後、今月下旬に配置転換を実施致します。<br />
|TL03 = 
}}

==Transfer Updates==
{{MultiTweet
|MultiTweetID = transferUpdates
|color = #ace
|title = Transfer Updates
|link01 = https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/646492847839940608
|EN01 = [For all admirals in Rabaul Naval Base] For anyone who wished to transfer into "Kure" or "Sasebo", During the maintanence on Firday, we will select them in a lottery.
|JP01 = 【ラバウル基地サーバ所属の提督の皆さんへ】 先日希望者を募集致しました「呉鎮守府」または「佐世保鎮守府」への配置転換、今週金曜日のメンテナンス＆アップデート実施タイミングで、異動願いを提出された提督方の中から抽選で実施させて頂く予定です。
|TL01 = Anon
}}


==Links==
* For more info on how to request a transfer, please check [http://www.himeuta.net/f5-kancolle-discussion/attention-admirals-rabaul-server-sept-13th-7834.html guide on himeuta.net] <ac_metadata title="September 2015: Rabaul Server Transfer" notify_everyone="1441724142" related_topics="Recent Updates"> </ac_metadata>