'''Followed and Translated by [https://www.facebook.com/ChinjufuChan Chinjufu Channel - Kantai Collection Intelligence Network]'''

{{MultiTweet
|MultiTweetID = katsuragidesign
|user = ku_ro_kuro
|color = #ace
|title = Katsuragi's Design
|LK01 = 
|EN01 = The following tweets will be about Kancolle's Katsuragi.
|TL01 = TL: [https://www.facebook.com/ChinjufuChan Chinjufu Channel]
|JP01 = 艦これ葛城についてツィートします
|LK02 = 
|EN02 = She gives an image of forsaking stealth while fighting. She would normally wear a kimono outside of battle.
While several sources have noted that she first acquired camouflage after the first Bombing of Kure, a few claim that she would have already acquired it had she not been moored to the island before the attack, so she was made to pose dynamically while in camouflage.
|TL02 = TL: [https://www.facebook.com/ChinjufuChan Chinjufu Channel]
|JP02 = 葛城
カモフラージュを捨てて戦うシーンのイメージです。敵襲が無い時は普通に着物を着てます。
いくつかの資料で最初の呉空襲の後に擬装されたと書かれていますが
島に繋留されていなかった一度目の空襲時に既に擬装状態であったという手記もあるので、擬装状態でも動きのあるポーズにしました。
|LK03 = 
|EN03 = She came in equipped with an azusayumi (Shinto ceremonial bow) and shrine banners. The sound of the bowstring controls the planes' movements; there are no papers involved.
Her chest size is like that due to her destroyer-type engine and load capacity.
Her crow-like hair is an homage to the legend of a Yatagarasu trapped in the mist of her namesake mountain.
|TL03 = TL: [https://www.facebook.com/ChinjufuChan Chinjufu Channel]
|JP03 = この時の発着艦の道具は梓弓と甲板模様の神社幟です。鳴弦の音エフェクトから艦載機に転じます。ペーパーレスです。 
胸は駆逐艦機関とシャープな艦容からあの大きさにしました。
髪は葛城山に関係のある八咫烏に因んで烏の雰囲気を入れてます。
|LK04 = 
|EN04 = Unryuu, Amagi and Katsuragi have thematic equipment in the form of shrine banners paired with a Shinto implement.
Unryuu's flagpole has a sword on both ends. The "melee weapon" aspect is not to be emphasized, so a concealed weapon (the shikomikatana) is used.
Amagi has a kagurasuzu (bells used in ceremonial dances), while Katsuragi has an azusayumi.
|TL04 = TL: [https://www.facebook.com/ChinjufuChan Chinjufu Channel]
|JP04 = 雲龍天城葛城の発着艦道具は神社幟＋神道の祭具の組み合わせです。
雲龍は旗竿の両端に剣です。近接武器の印象を強くしたくないので仕込み剣にしてます。
天城は神楽鈴 、葛城は弓です。
|LK05 = 
|EN05 = Katsuragi kai
Just like her sisters, her clothes were opened in areas where ventilation is likely necessary.
Just when the opportunity to improve the bow came, no ideas came on how to do so, so her aircraft were instead made to resemble the RATO (Rocket-Assisted Take Off). The tips of the planes (shikigami) were given prototype RATO, hence the look.
|TL05 = TL: [https://www.facebook.com/ChinjufuChan Chinjufu Channel]
|JP05 = 葛城改
他の雲龍型同様に服の換気な必要そうな部位を開口。
折角弓成分があるので弓を主体とした艤装を入れられないか考えて、艦載機を後押しするRATOを矢に見立て、先端に航空機（式神）を付けたRATO試験スタイルにしました。
|LK06 = 
|EN06 = Her arm, which is covered by her flight deck's wooden deck pattern, is covered with cables which transmit energy.
Her waist riggings are also structured to accomodate her bow. Her bridge-type gun was changed to a handgun-type.
Underneath her shield, some Uchine (an arrow-like throwing weapon) can be found. They are somewhat visible once she sustains moderate damage.
The Uchine will become planes when thrown by her hand with flight deck patterns.
|TL06 = TL: [https://www.facebook.com/ChinjufuChan Chinjufu Channel]
|JP06 = 甲板型の木符から甲板模様の手蓋にケーブルでエネルギーを伝達してます。
腰艤装も弓本位の構造に。艦橋型銃はハンドガンタイプになっています。
盾の裏には打根（矢型の投擲武器）が数本。中破の時にちょっと見えます。
打根は甲板模様の手蓋を付けた手で投げると艦載機化します。
}}
__NOEDITSECTION__   __NOTOC__<ac_metadata title="@ku_ro_kuro on Katsuragi&#039;s Design" related_topics="General Discussion|Katsuragi|Katsuragi/Gallery"> </ac_metadata>