All previous winners: [[Thread:90385]]

Prize: '''WebMoney Code 1000 points'''

<div style="font-size:20px; font-weight:bold; color:#f00; margin:10px 0px 5px 0px; padding:0px 0px 5px 0px;">What will be Unryuu's FOUR  {{aircraft}} plane slot capacity?</div>

<div style="font-size:20px; font-weight:bold; color:#00f; margin:10px 0px 5px 0px; padding:0px 0px 5px 0px;">Answer: [18, 24, 3, 6]</div>

<div style="padding:5px 20px; background:#afa; text-align:center; font-size:20px; font-weight:bold; ">
Winner: @[[User:Exzcellion_Gamma|Exzcellion Gamma]]
</div>
Exzcellion Gamma is first one out of 3 people who got 2 scores!


<div style="font-size:16px; font-weight:bold; margin:10px 0px 5px 0px;">Rules & Notes</div>
* The FIRST correct guess will be the Winner. If no one got it right, the FIRST of the closest answer will win
* This is in her '''BASE FORM'''
* ''Correct'' and ''Closest answer'' definition:
** Must be in order: first slot, second slot, third slot, fourth slot
** In case of closest answer, it will be number of correct slots
*** example: if correct answer is [12, 24, 28, 18], then [10, 24, 26, 18] is considered '''2 slot scores'''
*** example: if correct answer is [1, 2, 3, 4], then [4, 3, 2, 1] is '''0 score'''
*** If multiple people have same slot scores, the first poster is honored.
*** This is regardless of how close your numbers are than the other person with same slot score. 
* One final answer per user. Only Edits up to guessing close date is honored, where in the latest edit before the said time will be your final answer. (see end date on one of the items below)
** '''Only exception is when Question is changed'''
** Why question will be changed? Even  though Unryuu is confirmed. If "Unryuu" ship is not released, and a sister Unryuu-class ship is released, which in case, I will have the say on which sister we will be counting.
* Must have a wikia account and logged in when posting your final guess.
** ''There is no discrimination for anons. Being a wikia anon is not an identity, its a state. A state that can be changed. Just signup. This is also to encourage building a friendly community.''
* End date for guessing is the midnight before event: August 8 - 00:00 '''JST''' (Friday).
* Multi-account, if you're desperate, cannot be detected and is your choice, and is not grounds for disqualification.
* Guesses that will be honored can only be replies to this specific forum post on the wikia.
* Spam replies on this post will be deleted.
* [[Thread:90385|Previous winners]], are still qualified. Admins or any higher-level access of the wikia are also qualified.
* In-case of three plane slots, all guesses will be checked for its first three slots.
* Winner should [https://www.facebook.com/dragonjet add me on Facebook], and PM me for the code. No Facebook? Signup!
* Winner needs to take screenshots of the in-game item(s) bought using the prize. See [[Thread:90385|this main article]] for existing screenshots.
* In case of other unforeseen circumstances, I will have a say on what should happen.<ac_metadata title="WebMoney III: Summer 2014" related_topics=""> </ac_metadata>