''This is the day when the sky was scattered into nights of nothingness, the earth torn asunder and the sea was razed into infinite steams.''

Poetic words aside, today on 12th March 2017, some of the players were barred from their DMM account for exploiting the ever-present bug from one of the games developed by Pure Games. Said game is Girls Symphony, of which I am the founder of its English Wiki.

For those who are uninformed, Girls Symphony had previously collaborated with Flower Knight Girl, which is another game developed by Pure Games. While normally this wouldn't concern the players in this community (and certainly not to players who only have their DMM account for Kantai Collection), Flower Knight Girl is one of the top-rated online game from DMM, and we even have a small community in Himeuta forums. Members of the aforementioned community were aware of the development of Girls Symphony since it was first announced in September last year, and several of the members in the community had played or at least tried Girls Symphony due to the referral from Flower Knight Girl. Some of the members are even active or former admirals in Kantai Collection who accessed Kantai Collection and the other two game in the same account. Now, imagine a scenario like this:

*You've registered your DMM account for Kantai Collection, and had participated in several events and married one of the kanmusus there.
*One of your friend had invited you to play Flower Knight Girl, or you found out about Flower Knight Girl from, ahem... those scenes.
*You had heard of the collaboration between Flower Knight Girl and Girls Symphony, and participated in the pre-registration gacha and/or the collaboration event.
*You had discovered this bug, either by accident or from the Japanese community (We were unaware of this bug until the very day it was caught by the devs)
*The emergency bugfix maintenance come, and it was announced that players who had exploited this bug will be have their DMM account banned. No, not the Girls Symphony account alone, their parent account DMM would be deleted as well, which includes the Kancolle account and Flower Knight Girl, plus any other games you might play in the same account.

While none of the members in English community had reported of their DMM account being banned so far, it had undoubtedly caused quite an uproar in the Japanese community, especially since the item duplication bug was already there since the launch. Claiming that this mass-ban-hammering is a bad publicity after several hype train stations is an understatement at least. <ac_metadata title="Mass DMM Account Banning from Another DMM Game Exploit (Girls Symphony)"> </ac_metadata>