Hey, I'm going to pre-order Volumes 1-3 on Blueray. That's $240 there, FUCK I'm broke.

Things could have gone smoothly if it weren't for the special pre-order bonuses that differ from place to place.

I want the best "bonus gift" an Otaku like myself can get. I want a big one, like a B2 sized tapestry. Not a tiny-ass postcard or IC card. Hell no with that!

This page lists all the bonuses you can get in all the stores that sell the Bluerays:

http://kancolle-anime.jp/goods/?page=bd_shop



Here are my findings with my limited understanding of the Japanese language:

全巻購入特典 = Buy all fucking six volumes or you won't get the bonus. Now that's gay, $480 on a pre-order of the bluerays of an anime that didn't air yet? You fucking kidding me? Jesus H Christ for fucks sakes!

For those who only want to buy the volumes seperately, you'll get shittier bonuses like a mousepad, a photo with a frame, a hankerchief, and other "small items."

Fortunately there is the "1巻～3巻連動購入特典" tier. In simple terms, buy the first 3 volumes and you get something half not bad.



I suggest everyone go for the Animate Promotion. Link is here: http://preview.tinyurl.com/qdrqnns

Why you say? Because it comes with a figurine! Not only that, but you get the following bonuses:

- get to join in on a show that you won't be able to go for foreign Teitokus.

- original figure that is exclusive to the pre-order! It better be good...

- a fucking postcard so small, it's not worth hanging on your wall.

- a tapestry! (Lewd version only if you purchase all 6 volumes)

- a weiss schwarz exclusive card. Not bad.

- Sad panda... I meant Sad "Penguin" plush toy featured in the game and in the teaster trailer of the anime!

- 10+1 exclusive badges for ultimate weaboo overload

- A mug of the dockyard shipgirls. Made in China, obviously.



As you can see, Animate's promotion is the superior deal. I'm definitely going to get that on my next paycheck. Let me know if I said something wrong or provided misinformation. Also let me know if there's a better deal than Animate's. And yes, I CAN get this deal because I have an Uncle in Japan that periodically supplies me with supply drops through EMS.

I have a bad mouth because I feel like a badass at the moment. Today is Boxing Day and I feel like I helped a lot of customers at the store I worked at. Thanks.<ac_metadata title="Kantai Collection Blueray Preorder Specials: Which to get?"> </ac_metadata>