Recently I saw the [[Sandbox/List_of_ships_by_combat_performance#Luck|new Luck-based NBCI Trigger Rate formulas]], which got me a little push into expressing the same in code form. Even if I suck at coding.

This is what I got so far:

<syntaxhighlight lang="javascript">
function calcNBCI (type,luck,fs,damaged,slight,lookout) {
/*
NBCI Rate Calculator
Formula based on http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Sandbox/List_of_ships_by_combat_performance#Luck

Parameter List:
	name		type			description
	---------	-----------		---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	type		integer			cut-in type:
									0: Torpedo cut-in
									1: Mixed (Main gun + Torpedo) cut-in
									2: Main gun cut-in
	luck		integer			ship girl's base luck
	fs			Boolean			is the shipgirl in question placed as the flagship?
	damaged		Boolean			is the shipgirl in question moderately damaged (chuuha)?
	slight		integer			searchlight usage:
									0: no searchlight
									1: only allied fleet has searchlight
									2: only enemy fleet has searchlight
									3: both fleets have searchlights (do note that is a tentative calculated factor)
	lookout		Boolean			is a Skilled Lookouts equipped to the shipgirl in question?
*/

	var cap = new Array(60,70,55)[type]; // 0 - Torp CI, 1 = Mixed CI (uses lower bound), 2 = Main Gun CI
	var mult = new Array(70,70,50)[type]; // 0 - Torp CI, 1 = Mixed CI, 2 = Main Gun CI
	var mod_pos = (fs) ? 12.5 : 0; // Flagship - +12.5%
	var mod_hp = (damaged) ? 20 : 0; // Green/Shouha (slight damage) receive no modifier, chuuha (moderate damage) - +20%
	var mod_slight = new Array(0,5,-10,-5)[slight]; // 0 - No searchlight, 1 - Allied searchlight, 2 - Enemy searchlight, 3 - Searchlight on both sides
	var mod_lookout = (lookout) ? 5 : 0; // Skilled Lookouts: +5% (pre-cap)
	
	var capped_luck = (luck + mod_lookout > cap) ? cap : luck + mod_lookout; // we're assuming a hardcap here
	
	return (Math.sqrt(mult * capped_luck) + (mod_pos + mod_hp + mod_slight));
}
</syntaxhighlight>

''(Pardon the mangled tabbing; I personally use a tabulator width of 4)''

and while I got results close to the ones indicated on the table in the aforementioned page (77% for torp CI for a shipgirl with 60 Luck as flagship; my script got 77.3074069840786%), I still have questions (aside from the overall correctness of my script):

* How exactly are pre-cap and post-cap modifiers applied? (code-wise)
* If both sides have Searchlights, does the Searchlight modifier become <span style="font-family:monospace;">5 + (-10) = -5</span>?
* Would having a Star Shell activating together with the Searchlight have any effect on the modifier?

Any help on these (and a few others I might ask later) would help this newbie greatly. Thanks in advance!<ac_metadata title="A Piece of Code, for the Community&#039;s Review"> </ac_metadata>