So yeah, I realise I was being a shelfish piece of **** on the last idea. I'm sorry for that. I'm gonna make a big chance on the character of the doujin

I will not be in the doujin itself, since Gensui Hime volunteer to draw, to take part in this project, I suggest that he will replace my spot on the doujin character list. Other want to join can be also be in the doujin, they can be sub character-such as Mamiya's worker, construction worker, a random blue cheese beside a grater (TS).

Here is the main charater list, sadly, I can't satisfy everyone so this list will be as much I can think of: 

- ArcticaFrost (power house fleet): Starter Murakumo, Nagato-class, Kongou-class, Yamato-class, Bismarck + Z1 and Z3

- Admiral Mikado (air fleet): Starter Sazanami-> Have Oboro class DD, all CV, CVL and Isokaze (so he can still rub in HandgunOtonashi's face)

- HandgunOtonashi (expedition fleet): Starter Fubuki-> Fubuki-class, Ayanami-class, Mutsuki-class, Yuugumo-class, Asashio-class, Kagerou-class, Shimakaze, Maruyu and Akitsu Maru

- Dechidechi (day battle fleet): Starter Inazuma-> Akatsuki-class, Ise-class, Fusou-class, Tone-class, Mogami-class, Akizuki, Ooyodo, Akashi, Katori, I-58, I-19, I-401, Taigei

- Gensui Hime (Yasen fleet): Starter Samidare-> Shiratsuyu-class, Sendai-class, Kuma-class, Yuubari, Natori-class, Atago-class, Myoukou-class, Prinz Eugen, I-168, I-8, Ro-500

The first chapter will have Gensui as MC because he deserve it. The basic will be the same: A new TTK, whose name is Gensui, joins a naval district. Inside there is already 4 experienced TTKs. In order to test the new TTK, they give him Samidare, ask him to clear 2-4. So the new TTK started collecting, grinding, clearing 1-1 till 2-3. At 2-4, he got XX, she became the new secretary ship. When clearing 2-4, he endure compass troll, random rekt, etc (a lot of salt can be add here). In those moment, XX starting to getting closer to him. After clearing 2-4, he discover a shocking story, XX almost got sink. She was heavy damage before the boss, but she lied to him because get it done (he discover this because he can't found XX's damage report but she is heavy damage). He rage at her, say thing like losing comrade is much worse than not able to clear the map (great line add here). In the end, the other TTKs accept this new TTK as a part of the district. The moral of the story: aside from just clearing maps, each TTK must build up trust to their girls so that they won't do reckless things.

XX is the ship girl Gensui want to marry (sadly, you have to choose girl from the list above Gensui)

Here is some more detail to put in the first chapter: In order to clear 2-4, Mikado lend Gensui Akagi to get AS,... And after clearing 2-4, Gensui discover that Frost and Mikado have team up but compass keep failing, make Otonashi cry (for his girls). So when Gensui join, Otonashi think it's a good way to recuit new TTK. When Gensui fail to much, Otonashi say that he can't keep feeding Gensui and will kick him if he doesn't able to clear 2-4. That's when XX over heard this story - the reason why she risk going heavy damage in the first place (sorry to make you sound like a douge Otonashi)

Here is a brief story on how the next chapters goes: The next chapter, the other TTKs will clear 3-1 (some compass troll will be add here). After reaching 3-2, Otonashi will take over, when Otonashi is spamming 3-2, they can see Gensui fleet practicing - some joke can be add here). I suggest we can add this story in https://danbooru.donmai.us/posts/1946964. After Gensui finish writing/drawing the first chapter, I'll give more information

I think that we should so light novel format (1 pic per 10-20 pages) because when I rethink, drawing a doujin from start to finish took sh*t load of time

I still have some more drama in store. My Amatsukaze hunt and Shimakaze's story will be Otonashi's story, where he can be the MC, then there will be another drama for ArcticaFrost and Mikado later (I plan it to be in 5-4 to 5-5 => the reason why they must meet Re-class). For Dechi drama, I'm still thinking atm, probably will be on Taigei...

NOTICE: no worry, no one is gonna be kuso, all will be a hero at one time in the doujin. And no ship girl will be sunk (forever)

I can promise to you that I'll will provide the plot if Gensui can keep working. I'm sure that this project can be a success if we work together.<ac_metadata title="Kancolle doujin: Major update"> </ac_metadata>