So there are a couple ships that a lot of people want to see in the game (mainly US ships which aren't likely), so why not post some IJN ships you'd like to see because that might actually happen. Also please post why, your why could be large displacement and you want more kanmusu with big boobs.

First is Shinano[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japanese_aircraft_carrier_Shinano]. This would be a ship with some not so great raw stats in order to balance the game and to signify her inexperienced crew as well as her incomplete status when she launched. To make up for this she would have an utterly ridiculous plane count, after all she could carry 167 planes compared to Akagi's max of 89. This would allow her to be of some serious use in events and such when you go through 3 battle nodes before you hit the boss. While she won't hit as hard early on the drop in damage would be negligible because she has the planes to spare.

Next would be I-301[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/I-351-class_submarine]. Also not a heavy hitter. Instead she would be able to negate some of the effects of fuel and ammo loss, once again long event maps are very annoying when it comes to actually killing the boss. Fuel loss is a big deal when you can't dodge those BB hime who just love handing out taiha. And ammo loss is annoying when you've knocked down the boss to less than 25 health for the tenth time but it just refuses to die so you can complete the mission (battleship water demon can suck it).

In short, the ships I want are only really useful in specific situations, but they'd make long maps easier, because long maps are what I find to be the most annoying.<ac_metadata title="What new ships would you like to see?"> </ac_metadata>