Ahh... welp, first of all, I was addicted in this game so...

I thought of this idea of modifying the intro of Fallout to something Kancolle-related!

Remember that War, War never changes intro in all fallout series... You're free to use any intro from fallout franchise, and modify it to Kancolle-related as you want.

Here's mine modification, using fallout 4 intro.

<p class="MsoNormal">''Orel. Orel never changes.''</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">''In the year 1945, my great-great grandfather, serving in the navy, wondered when he'd get to go Orel with his wife I-58 and see the newly came U-511. He got his wish when the fleet ended the battle by defeating the Air Defense Princess from the abyssal fleet.''</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">'' ''</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">''The World awaited Peace; instead, something miraculous happened. We began to use submarine not as a weapon, but as a nearly limitless source of resources.''</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">'' ''</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">''People who failed events once thought the realm of Orel cruising. Ship fuels, cannon shells, abyssal-filled farms. But then, after a month from summer event, people awoke from the dream of winning events.''</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">'' ''</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">''Weeks of Orel cruising lead to fatigue of every major submarine. The cruel world unraveled. Event had never became a distant memory. It is now the autumn event. We stand on the brink of the event, and I am afraid. For myself, for my wife, for all my ship girls - because if my time in the navy taught me one thing: it's that Orel, Orel never changes.''</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">
</p>

<p class="MsoNormal">If you are interested, then why not? Find your favourite fallout intro and make it Kancolle-related. </p><ac_metadata title="Kancolle x Fallout Intro"> </ac_metadata>