<span style="color:red">'''THIS IS A JOKE POST. DO NOT ACTUALLY GO TRY TO KILL WO KAIS TO LOWER HER ARMOR'''</span>

Ok lets take the time to remember the great and honorable main character of the anime, '''FUBUKI!'''

Everyone thinks that the last episode of the event was actually about AL/MI, but in truth, it was '''E7 this whole time!'''

So in essence,
<div class="quote">
'''Fubuki Theorem theorizes that the Final Episode of the Kancolle Anime was actually a representation of E7 this entire time, and the Admiral of the anime was actually clearing the event in the background while the anime happened.'''
</div>

Crazy? Probably, but lets look at what we know:

'''Hint 1: Today's Dev Tweet'''
----------------------------------------------
The most important thing that people have been speculating that has been confirmed today about E7; That attacking certain targets in E7 will debuff the Air Defence Princess.

Now what targets would that be? Most people would think that it's the various '''installations''' that are scattered around the map, but FUBUKI THINKS OTHERWISE.

Remember, in the anime, Midway Hime wouldn't stop regenerating till Fubuki insisted that '''all 3 Wo Kais need to be sunk.'''

Taking the middle route in E7, then going North-East before the boss, gives you '''3 Wo Kais''' to kill.
Coincidence? I think not.

Therefore you need to '''kill all Wo Kais in the map to debuff the boss.''', just like the final episode.

'''Hint 2: AL/MI and IBS'''
-----------------------------------------------
In the anime, something weird happens, Airfield Hime, who represents Henderson Field, suddenly evolves into Midway Hime, who represents her namesake.
Weird, but our new event has something similar!

We have Airfield Hime in E4, but CV Hime, a prime boss from AL/MI, appears in E6!

AL/MI and IBS mixed up! Further proof that the anime might've been E7 this whole time!

'''Episode 4'''
-----------------------------------
Remember, in Episode 4, Fubuki and Shimakaze join the Kongou sisters to retreive vital resources for the base.

In E4, You have to use Kongou Sisters to defeat the enemy forces to obtain '''Hayasui''', a fleet oiler that resupplies you mid-sortie!

'''They are both E(pisode) 4.'''

'''Episode 1'''
----------------------------------------
Here's an interesting tidbit about episode 1.

Fubuki got caught up in near the end of an event, as several ships fight the [[Anchorage Princess]], which was the final boss of Spring 2013. She is easily dispatched by the overpowered duo of Akagi and Kaga.

Now, before the Summer 2015 event, we had the Spring 2013 event. Who was the last unique boss we encounter? [[Anchorage Water Demon]], with highly similar design, but with inverted colors. The anime aired before Spring 2015 happened, but what if it was hinting at the ease of that particular event, as well as hinting that the next event (this one) would be far, FAR worse?

'''Other bits'''
-----------------------------------------------
As we know, Tanaka(The Game Director) had a close hand in guiding the anime, so the hints of the Summer Event might've been in the anime the whole time as an easter egg about future events.

Shoukaku and Zuikaku whose K2 item unlocks after E6, were instrumental in the anime after Kaga and Akagi lost their planes.

Fubuki was the core of the strategy in defeating the boss, killing the last Wo. But remember, who else supported her in that kill? '''KONGOU'''

Remember that in E4, Kongou and Haruna are one of the pairs that give a preferable routing.

'''The keys to E7 are within the anime's final episode, Fubuki was right about the final boss all along.'''
Ladies and gentlemen, the Fubuki Theorem.

Tell me other similarities and I'll edit it to the post!  <ac_metadata title="Summer 2015 E7: The Fubuki Theorem"> </ac_metadata>