<p class="MsoNormal">Guess a lot of people have already seen the word "70<span style="font-family:宋体;mso-ascii-font-family:"TimesNewRoman"; mso-fareast-font-family:宋体;mso-fareast-theme-font:minor-fareast;mso-hansi-font-family: "TimesNewRoman"">万</span>" in game or twitter. So I will just make some detailed explanations about what happened and what is happening right now.<br />All times appeared here will be based on Beijing Time which is GMT+8:00 (no DST).<br />1. Some keywords<br />1. 70'''<span style="font-family:宋体;mso-ascii-font-family:"TimesNewRoman"; mso-fareast-font-family:宋体;mso-fareast-theme-font:minor-fareast;mso-hansi-font-family: "TimesNewRoman"">万</span>: 700 thousand<br />2. Tieba: One of the largest comprehensive forums in China.<br />3. Baidu. An IT company. Owner of Tieba. Also has the most popular searching engine that being used in China.<br />''<br />2. Brief Introduction<br />On January 7th, 2015, television anime series of Kantai Collection began airing. And this is also about the time for people who have never played the game to start playing it. <br />In order to introduce their illegal private server, server owners paid Baidu Company 700 thousand RMB (approximately 110 thousand US dollar) to buy the administrator position of Tieba Kancolle section. As the private server owner required, Baidu revoked the authority of original administrator and replaced them with private server staff. Baidu's action created anger of Kancolle section users and the users started to fight back.<br /><br />3. Timeline<br />January 14th:</p>


#~15:00 Two of original kancolle section administrators were revoked by Baidu. Explanation from Baidu was that these two administrators also owned another accounts with vice-administrator authority in Kancolle Section. These two administrators posted their announcement to declare that the sub-administrator accounts were definitely not theirs. After a while, Baidu revoked the last administrator said he never cooperated Tieba events organized by event.
#~18:00 Another Tieba user (ID: athlon18) gained administrator authority. Generally, setting up of an administrator requires a week of voting. This time, setting up of a new administrator only used less than 3 hours without a voting. Kancolle section users made sure that Baidu Company was behind this event. At that time, athlon18 owns the vice-administrator authority of Kancolle Private Server Section and he was also the creator of private server.
#18:49 A new thread which was the advertisement of private server was stickyed.
#19:20 Tieba users started to upload tons of adult-only Dojinshi and hope Baidu would permanently shut down this section because nobody wanted Kancolle section falling into the hands of private server. (Funny thing is, not all Dojinshi were about kantai Collection, some of them were about LoveLive and Touhou Project.)
#20:17 Current administrator athlon18 locked the kancolle section and only allowed members of the management team to post new thread. Then he revoked all original vice-administrators and deleted ex-administrator's explanation thread.
#After a while, athlon18 claimed that he never did those things but his reliability was very low since he got his administrator authority through illicit method.


<p class="MsoNormal"><br />January 15th:</p>


#0:16 A new administrator was set up.
#0:48: One more administrator was set up.
#unknown time. Official website of the private server was hacked. All texts in the website was edited and ever hyperlinks were directed to E-Henatai :)
#3:05 - 4:50 Website of private server was hacked 7 times (good job!). At the same time, original tieba users started to DDoS attack private server.
#9:50 Several advertisements of Kancolle private server appeared on some main stream gaming website.
#10:58 Private server website announced that the public test would be postponed. In fact, it was just because they couldn't bear the massive DDoS attack.
#14:00 Private server started the public test.
#14:30 Some people exposed that the owner company of private server was actually just a shell corporation.
#15:00 Website of private server changed its name from "Kantai Collection Chinese Server" to "World of Ship Grils".
#15:00 The keyword, 700 thousand, started to appear in official kancolle twitter. Official kancolle staff also made a response that all kancolle players belong to the same family.
#16:43 In Tieba private server section, a stickyed thread was posted to deny that they were related to what happened in Kancolle section.
#17:21 Private server shut down the server of the home page of their website and kept the game page working to confuse the DDoS attackers.
#17:43 Private server changed the name of its owner company. However, it was still a shell corporation. At the same time, some people exposed that the private server were using a fake operating license.
#20:00 Private server started to use CDN service provided by Baidu. Difficulty of DDoS attack was significantly increased.
#20:50 Kancolle section in Tieba was unlocked.
#21:07 Kancolle section was locked again.
#21:05 Private server section in Tieba made an announcement to explain the login error and said the server would be back online by 24:00.
#22:18 Kancolle section in Tieba was unlocked.
#22:19 Baidu official account made an announcement to deny the rumor of 700-thousand event. But who would believe them? lol
#22:23 Kancolle section was locked again.


<p class="MsoNormal"><br />January 16</p>


#00:00 Official server players increased the DDoS attacking intensity. After 1 minute, private server started to return error 404 and error 502.
#01:00 Website of private server was back online.
#01:30 - 15:00 Official server players never stop attacking and private server website could never function properly.
#13:16 Baidu stopped to promote private server in its own searching engine.
#17:00 Evidences that could prove athlon18 to be the private server developer were found. But athlon18 deleted them immediately.
#17:25 Private server totally crashed. None of its webpage could be accessed.
#21:36 Seems that private server managers ran out their fund and couldn't support the server or CDN service anymore. Private server couldn't be accessed and there was no sign of that they would fix it.
#22:55 Seems that Baidu stopped to provide CDN service to the private server. Result of domain name resolving became their real IP address instead of Baidu CDN servers address.
<p class="MsoNormal"><br />4. Some influences<br />This event became No.2 in Google Japan searching ranking.<br />Most main stream gaming medias in China reported this event.<br />42 employees in Baidu Company resigned.<br />There is rumor that athlon18 was beaten up because there was a kancolle player working in his living area as a police officer and found athlon18's profile.</p>

<p class="MsoNormal">'''Since their server is physically placed in United States, someone published a White House petition and ask the US government to take action on stopping the service of private server. Here is the link: https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/take-action-stop-service-pirate-version-game-kantai-collection-which-have-their-servers-usa/PcbsFnSF'''</p>

<p class="MsoNormal">5. Updates</p>

<p class="MsoNormal">January 17</p>

<p class="MsoNormal">1. 12:15 Private server was back online and reactivated Baidu CDN service.</p>

<p class="MsoNormal">2. 13:10 Server crached because of probing attacking while most of official server players were still waiting for the IP address.</p>

<p class="MsoNormal">3. 13:50 Official server players were preparing to launch another wave a DDoS attack</p>

<p class="MsoNormal">4. 14:00 DDoS attack started</p><ac_metadata title="700-thousand event in China"> </ac_metadata>