similar to what TS is running, I felt that it wasn't fair for everyone to be locked into a single song to enter. therefore, I'm starting another version, where anyone can sing (almost) any song they want. 

----

'''Rules'''

You must provide a link to the original song. No original songs allowed, please. 

The song must be related in some way to something anime. Vocaloid songs, anime openings, even english transliterations of japanese songs are fine. if there's a question as to whether a song is legal, PM me.

http://vocaroo.com/ I highly suggest using this to record. However, you may also record using a local software and then upload to a 3rd party like NCNC or Youtube. However, I make it absolutely clear that no vocal processing may be used. If you wish to find an instrumental version of your song and add your voice over it, that is fine. No auto tune or vocal scrubbing allowed. I reserve the right to reject any submission that I feel may have been tampered with.

----

'''Deadline and Misc'''

May 1st, 12:01 AM. (the last day of April)

you may submit up to three songs. songs do not have to be in Japanese, and may be in english. Unless you ask me first, I would ask that you keep it to these 2 languages, unless you PM me first and i give you the O.K. Each song will be graded seperately.

Submissions will be graded on a points scale. Points will be awarded based on how good the person singing sounds. They will NOT be graded on how they sound in comparison to the original. (this means that if you've got a deep tenor but want to sing something like ClariS, go for it!). a 2nd judge will be picked from volunteers. PM me if you wish to help with the judging.

Have fun, get to singing!

Ninja edit : in contrast to what TS is doing, the songs will not be aggregated into a /a/ sings style. Rather, i will compile the top 3 songs and put them together into one video and post it up.<ac_metadata title="Wikia sings (Alt)" notify_everyone="1427480830"> </ac_metadata>