I know this is late, but it is something that should be told now that the event is (yes, I know) less than one day away. 
Good luck and may the RNG and salt have mercy on you.

==Fleet Composition==

As you guys know, we have Fleet Composition threads for each map in the event (E-1 to E-7) and we provided the community with a template for easy display of information (supposedly easy). However, we had a lot of problems with mistakes in the template which caused problem. Our template-maker is still working on it and it won't be ready by this event. Therefore, the template is optional and the display of information too. The only one thing that you need to give is your '''Fleet composition'''. You can abbreviate it as (BB - CV - CV- DD - CL - CA) or list out everything, whatever you want.



==Drop list: What should be in Red==

Now, regarding Drop list this is actually the big discussion here. In the previous event, we had a problem with what to put in the drop list.

Long story short: "What should be listed as rare in 'red' and what shouldn't?".

So after 1 minute of long and hard thinking, the best conclusion that came up is this:

----

'''Event drops '''-> '''Put in RED (Add the difficulty drop)'''

'''LSC EXCLUSIVE SHIPS '''-> '''Put in RED (Don't put the difficulty for this!)'''

'''Non-event drops '''-> '''Don't put in red'''

----

This should solve the initial problem of not knowing what to highlight as rare. We will just consider that "All ships that are event drop only" as rare and everything else as common (Yes, even [[Shoukaku]]).

===Drop list: How to label difficulty===

====Event Drops ship====
''Ships that are EVENT ONLY like [[Akizuki]], [[Prinz Eugen]] etc. but never have report drops yet are included in this category.''

For Event drop only ship, we'll go full mode on it. Put it in red and also give the difficulty that it's dropped in. I'd say we go by the format:

Roma (Easy+) or Roma (E/M/H) 

The second one was new, which I added because I believe saying it as E/M/H will be easier, but I'm not the one to judge what people use. Feel free to use either.

====LSC Exclusive ships====
''If the LSC ship is also found in normal maps or EO maps, they're put in exemptions''

Don't put the difficulty for this one. We know that they're rare because they're LSC exclusive but it shouldn't be THAT rare to be exclusive to certain difficulty.

What is LSC Exclusive ship you might ask? It's LSC ships that CAN ONLY BE crafted via LSC and not be discoverable via drops. This means ship(s) such as:

''Examples of Non-LSC Exclusive: ''[[Shoukaku|SHoukaku]], [[Zuikaku|ZUikaku]], [[Fusou]], [[Yamashiro]], [[Ise]], [[Nagato]], [[Mutsu]] etc.

''Examples of LSC Exclusive:'' [[Noshiro]], [[Yamato]] (lel like that'll happen), [[Akitsu Maru]]

====Exceptions====
There are ships that are not Event nor LSC exclusive and can be found in normal maps however, they'll be exempted due to how hard it is to get them from normal maps. The exemptions are exempted from the Non-Event Drop group, which mean they'll be marked red if found in the event map. Event only drop such as (possible) [[Akizuki]] and [[Prinz Eugen]] will be marked red IF found (see above)

 The following are exempted from the rules (which means MAKE IT RED):

*初風 [[Hatsukaze]] 3-4 boss drop (extremely hard to get due to random compass)
*明石 [[Akashi]] 2-5 boss drop (for those who don't have her), 3-5 drop (Hoppo node), 6-2 drop
*天津風 [[Amatsukaze]] 3-5 boss node drop
*酒匂 [[Sakawa]] 6-2 boss drop
*谷風 [[Tanikaze]] 3-5 drop
*大鯨 [[Taigei]] 2-4, 2-5, 3-4, 4-4, 5-2, 6-1 boss drop
* 大淀 [[Ooyodo]] 1-6 pre-resource node drop (probably with condition)
* 朝雲 [[Asagumo]] 1-6 pre-resource node drop
* 清霜 [[Kiyoshimo]] 4-5 boss node
* 早霜 [[Hayashimo]] 4-5 boss node
* 朝霜 [[Asashimo]] 4-5 boss node
* 野分 [[Nowaki]] 4-5 boss node
* 春雨 [[Harusame]] 6-3 boss drop
* 香取 [[Katori]] 6-3 drop
* 雲龍 [[Unryuu]] 6-3 drop
* 阿賀野 [[Agano]] 5-4 boss drop
*矢矧 [[Yahagi]] 6-2 boss drop
*伊401 [[I-401]]  2013 Christmas event complete reward, 6-1 drop
*卯月 [[Uzuki]] 2-5, 3-4, 4-4, 5-1, (5-2 ?), 5-3, 5-4, 5-5 drop (all from bosses)
**Why? Not because she's special to me. [[Uzuki]] is the core girl to unlock another chunk of quest chains for admiral but she's hard to get. So she's son the list even though she drops in many maps.

====Non-Event exclusive ship drop(s) ====

Don't label it red, don't label the difficulty that it drops.

====Others (i.e. Very common drops) ====
Ships like Fubuki, Murakumo, Ise, Hyuuga, Kako, Furutaka, Junyou, Zuihou and so on.....those who are easily or at least....able to be obtained with consistency (e.g. can be obtianed from many maps) from normal maps should not be on the list at all. No one wants to know where Miyuki is obtainable in an event. Even if someone wanted to know if....say....Kaga is obtainable in E-1, it should not be on the list because seriously....you're better off farming Kaga in other map that is not event map.<ac_metadata title="[Summer 2015] Regarding Drop List and Fleet Composition" notify_everyone="1439133300" lastmove="1439133335" related_topics="Summer 2015 Event|Events"> </ac_metadata>