Hello, as the events are nearing, we find it a good time for us to announce some things which has been happening behind the scenes.
<br/>
Here's the following:
* Collaboration with en.kancollewiki.net
* Wikia Discord server and the reddit community
* The Winter 2017 Event

===Collaboration===
As some of you may have noticed, wikia has been friends with the reddit community for a while, and are now in a collaboration with en.kancollewiki.net. The goal is to provide as accurate information as possible on all communities, which will benefit everyone in the end. This was mainly when the issue was raised that wikia kept aggressively pushing their ads and crap on their viewers.<br />
With that in mind, I am encouraging people to help the other communities as much as possible during times like this, so that information is as accurate as possible. You can visit [http://en.kancollewiki.net/wiki/Kancolle_Wiki the enkcwiki here] and [https://discord.gg/RtSadWM the reddit discord group here].

===The Wikia Discord===
There recently has been a suggestion to open up our wikia discord server. You can follow the discussion [[Suggestion|here]]. As the people who originally created this server group wants this to remain closed as a private workplace, we are generally against it. But head over to [[Suggestion]] and feel free to give your opinion on this.

===Winter Event 2017===
With that said, our wikia discord is a place where all the work behind the scenes is coordinated, especially for the events. Hence, if you believe that you deserve to be in that server, feel free to PM me and elaborate as to what you excel in (Yes, I'm scouting you out). Staff members still have a free pass, and are always allowed access to the discord group. I am encouraging all the editors to join the discord, so that we can coordinate our work much better.

Feel free to discuss below on this.  <ac_metadata title="Current happenings of wikia behind the scenes, wikia discord, collab with en.kancollewiki.net, etc" related_topics="General Discussion" notify_everyone="1486732527" lastmove="1486732561"> </ac_metadata>