
So, I'm curious, brother and sister Admirals.

What are your personal rules for your ships, equipment, heart-locks, fleet organization and so on?  Not in terms of what's effective like fleet compositions and equipment setups, we talk about that all over the wiki, but what are your fleet's idiosyncrasies, the little things you personally do?

For instance, my rules:<br />'''-No Clones'''.  I only ever have one of each ship heart-locked, and any ship not heart-locked is modernization waiting to happen.  They're not the 'real' shipgirl.<br />'''-No Daughter Left Behind'''.  The first of every shipgirl that I've acquired, I've kept (even that little pottymouth Akebono), which has required buying dorm expansions.<br />'''-Combat Readiness'''.  Every shipgirl is at least level 10, no exceptions.  Every shipgirl above Destroyer class is remodeled, every shipgirl above Light Cruiser class is remodeled and modernized to max stats (except AA, AA is a bitch).  The Light Cruisers and Destroyer remodelling and modernizing are currently in progress.<br />'''-Armament'''.  Every shipgirl is fully armed, refueled and ready to sortie at all times, the only exceptions being those shipgirls assigned to Drum Cannister duty for expeditions (who are usually on expeditions at any given time).<br />'''-Fleet Names and Use.'''  Named after important ships of the fleet:  Vajra (Kongou), Dragon (Tenryuu/Tatsuta), Moonlight (Mutsuki-class, because they keep me resource-rich), Hazelnut (Haruna, because she was the last of the sisters needed to unlock fleet 4).  Vajra Fleet is the sortie fleet.  Dragon Fleet (Fleet 2) is used for expeditions 2 and 6 to level Destroyers and is kept sparkled at all times.  Moonlight and Hazelnut Fleets run Expeditions 37, 38 and 21.

What about you?<br /><ac_metadata title="How do you run your Fleet?"> </ac_metadata>