

----
<p class="MsoNormal" style="margin-bottom:0.0001pt;line-height:17.15pt;background-image:initial;background-attachment:initial;background-size:initial;background-origin:initial;background-clip:initial;background-position:initial;background-repeat:initial;">'''<span style="font-size:8.0pt;font-family:"Helvetica",sans-serif; mso-fareast-font-family:"TimesNewRoman";color:#00000A">EMERGENCY TRANSMISSION</span>'''<span style="font-size:8.0pt;font-family:"Helvetica",sans-serif;mso-fareast-font-family: "TimesNewRoman";color:#00000A"> Admiral Aclone2 The Alfonsinoes </span></p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="margin-bottom:0.0001pt;line-height:17.15pt;border-style:none;border-width:initial;padding:0in;background-image:initial;background-attachment:initial;background-size:initial;background-origin:initial;background-clip:initial;background-position:initial;background-repeat:initial;">'''<span style="font-size:8.0pt; font-family:"Helvetica",sans-serif;mso-fareast-font-family:"TimesNewRoman"; color:#00000A">TRANSMISSION START</span>'''<span style="font-size:8.0pt; font-family:"Helvetica",sans-serif;mso-fareast-font-family:"TimesNewRoman"; color:#00000A"> </span></p>
<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family:"Arial",sans-serif">We finally fished 31 fishes, yet the survival of the first fleet under Admiral Aclone2 requires your help. [After the mutiny that happed a few weeks prior](</span> <span style="font-family:"Arial",sans-serif">https://www.reddit.com/r/kancolle/comments/3okxjh/helphelpbase_in_chaoshelp/) , the fleet is now at the end of its supplies. The admiral is incapacitated and will not be able to continue command duty for now. For now, I Ooyodo. He asked me to attach a funny jpg about cats, which is to be sent to any admirals who are around. </span></p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="border-style:none;border-width:initial;padding:0in;"><span style="font-family:"Arial",sans-serif">-Ooyodo. </span></p>
<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family:"Arial",sans-serif">Admiral status confirmed </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family:"Arial",sans-serif">Decrypting…… </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family:"Arial",sans-serif">Message Start </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family:"Arial",sans-serif">____________________________________________________________________________________ </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family:"Arial",sans-serif">31 fishes. 31 fishes. 31 intact fishes, fishes that could be cooked, consumed.  31. 31. Thirty-one, thirty-god dammed-fishes. 31 fishes caught in two weeks. </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family:"Arial",sans-serif">I looked over the charts, over and over again, It must be a miscalculation, a joke I kept repeating to myself. I tried my hardest to lock it in my mind’s vault, but the smell for the fish stew from outside the command tent left a nagging doubt in my mind. 31 fishes cannot amount to the amount of fish meat that we had in the stew for the past two weeks. There must be…. </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family:"Arial",sans-serif">All sudden a voice pierced the tent. “Admiral?”. I instinctively dropped the files that I was holding </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family:"Arial",sans-serif">I locked my face to match up with a poke face. “Yo, Souryuu” I said, doing my best not to show any unease, a trick that I learned after one too many incidents in the mixed gender baths. She shot a penetrating gaze, “I am Hiryuu, my sister is Souryuu. You married my sister during the summer remember? Don’t you remember who you married?” I wanted to agree with her, but I held my ground and I responded non-chalatnly “Sure what ever, Souryuu class.” Her face expressed her murderous intent, she said “breakfast is ready, Admiral”, stressing the last word with contempt. </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family:"Arial",sans-serif">When I was sure I was alone, I quickly returned the files to their original placement. As I was above to leave, I noticed Ooyodo’s armaments in the corner. I quickly devised a plan to attach a camera to her armaments, to satisfy my unrelenting sense of curiosity. On hindsight, I should have left this secret alone. </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family:"Arial",sans-serif">It was after dinner when I had the chance to retrieve the camera. As some say ignorance is bliss. </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family:Arial,sans-serif;background:rgb(250,250,250);">An hour into the video, the smoothing effects of a calm sea was interrupted by a single sentence “Enemy fleet spotted” </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family:Arial,sans-serif;background:rgb(250,250,250);">From the horizon I could see the telltale signs of an abyssal fleet. The sky turned grey, as if a director did a bit of movie magic to change the ambiance. </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family:"Arial",sans-serif">Hiryuu, Zuikaku, Shoukaku and Kaga shot off their airplanes. Releasing an assortment of planes that blackened the sky. </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family:"Arial",sans-serif">The dive bombers dropped like rocks, and at the last second, dropped the bombs. Pillars of crimson water appeared where the bombs were once. </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family:"Arial",sans-serif">Gun fire was quickly exchanged shortly after the initial engagement. While the surface ships went down, the subs continued to be a threat. </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family:"Arial",sans-serif">Ooyodo was equipped with two type 3 sonars, a searchlight and a drum. Due to this, her combat ability was greatly reduced and so she took command of the operation. Ooyodo quickly pointed to another location “no there!” Again her point snapped to another position, “there, I am sure of it this time!”. “Screw you!”, exclaimed Ooi. In a single action, she threw all of her type three charges into the sea. </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family:"Arial",sans-serif">The sea was rattled by the charges. The surfaced reflected the damage in the depths, convulsing and pulsing in pain. </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family:Arial,sans-serif;background:rgb(250,250,250);">Blood sprayed from the ocean. The pure blue was dyed red. Chunks of abyssal ships floated to the surface</span><span style="font-family:"Arial",sans-serif">. The ocean rumbled like a cauldron, mixing the unmentionables into a twisted elixir.  With one last gasp, the ocean finally relented, and a single fish bobbled to the surface. </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family:"Arial",sans-serif">“Success!” Ooyodo said elatedly, holding on to the fish like gold. “Get the drums, we got fish soup for dinner!” </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family:"Arial",sans-serif">I hid in the tent until the sun rose, past breakfast </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family:"Arial",sans-serif">“It’s midday. Lunchtime.” Kaga said when opening the flap of the command tent. Shoukaku and Zuikaku flanked me, and held my arms in their iron grip. Like a man heading to his execution, I was dragged across the floor, and to my final destination. </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-indent:.5in"><span style="font-family:"Arial",sans-serif">In front of me a bowl of fish stew. The meat bobbled on the surface, showing off its origins, daring me to take another bite. “Nah no thanks.” I said with my best poker face, trying to hide my knowledge of its ingredients. “I am getting tired of it, got something else?” Ooyodo, the ever vigilant secretary, reading the information on my face, quickly replied <span style="background:rgb(250,250,250);">“Why didn’t so say so earlier? </span><span style="background:rgb(250,250,250);">Admiral, Lets have curry for lunch - Military Brand curry.” “Sure” I quickly replied. </span> </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family:Arial,sans-serif;background:rgb(250,250,250);">After I consumed a portion explosions went off in my stomach. </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family:Arial,sans-serif;background:rgb(250,250,250);">Then Ooyodo commented “Hiei made the curry with such loving care.” Before taking a bite out of her portion. </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family:Arial,sans-serif;background:rgb(250,250,250);">My stomach threatened a mutiny, and I felt pressure being built up in my rectum, preparing for an explosion to rival Mt. Saint Helen.</span><span style="font-family:"Arial",sans-serif"> </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family:"Arial",sans-serif">As I fell over to the side, I voiced my last request. “Pass me the fish stew.” before the darkness claimed my soul. </span></p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="border-style:none;border-width:initial;padding:0in;"><span style="font-family:"Arial",sans-serif">Currently I am stuck on a shithole, diarrhea and frequent vomiting. I have to rely on drip feed since my internal digestive system was greatly damaged. Ooyodo had taken over command, and is trying to contact Sukumo Anchorage, a thing that would spell the end of me if it happens. For any admirals getting this message, I am trapped in a makeshift medical tent. I am sure they mean well, but pouring repair buckets over me is having a negative effect on my health and recovery. In addition, Hiryuu is starting to have infectious thoughts about marriage, and is trying to coerce me into signing the document. She already has the cranes on her side. If any admiral could get this, I need you to convince my girls what they are doing is wrong. They think I am suffering from delusions, but I assure you I am in a clear state of thought. I am not sure if I could escape this place like my base if the times comes. My life is in your hands, </span></p>
<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family:"Arial",sans-serif">Message end </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-size:10.0pt;line-height:107%;font-family: "Arial",sans-serif">____________________________________________________________________________________ </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-size:8pt;line-height:107%;font-family:Helvetica,sans-serif;color:rgb(0,0,10);background-image:initial;background-attachment:initial;background-size:initial;background-origin:initial;background-clip:initial;background-position:initial;background-repeat:initial;">EMERGENCY TRANSMISSION</span><span style="font-size:8pt;line-height:107%;font-family:Helvetica,sans-serif;color:rgb(0,0,10);background-image:initial;background-attachment:initial;background-size:initial;background-origin:initial;background-clip:initial;background-position:initial;background-repeat:initial;"> </span><span style="font-size:8pt;line-height:107%;font-family:Helvetica,sans-serif;color:rgb(0,0,10);background-image:initial;background-attachment:initial;background-size:initial;background-origin:initial;background-clip:initial;background-position:initial;background-repeat:initial;">Admiral Aclone2 </span><span style="font-size: 8.0pt;line-height:107%;font-family:"Helvetica",sans-serif;mso-fareast-font-family: "TimesNewRoman";color:#00000A">The Alfonsinoes</span><span style="font-size:8pt;line-height:107%;font-family:Helvetica,sans-serif;color:rgb(0,0,10);background-image:initial;background-attachment:initial;background-size:initial;background-origin:initial;background-clip:initial;background-position:initial;background-repeat:initial;"> </span></p>




<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-size:8pt;line-height:107%;font-family:Helvetica,sans-serif;color:rgb(0,0,10);background-image:initial;background-attachment:initial;background-size:initial;background-origin:initial;background-clip:initial;background-position:initial;background-repeat:initial;">TRANSMISSION END</span></p><ac_metadata title="31 Fishes"> </ac_metadata>