We got so many threads but no compiling so Hoss thinks a poll will be good and here we are.

Who is your first waifu? This means the first one your ring'd (or planned to ring'd). Only vote for your first waifu, the one who ring just because you wanted to, the one you like, the one you wanted to fuck (reasoning via Frost & Nanamin).

'''Note''': Full blown transformation like U-511 to Ro-500 will count as seperate individual. Small transformation like Chitose sisters, Hibiki or Littorio don't count. Additionally, I'll count Taigei and Ryuuhou as seperate individual because some people want to fuck mama whale and not carrier whale.

'''Note 2:''' Only girls who shows up before Janurary 1st 2016 is in this list.

If you want to share any obsession/love/admiration/lolicon-ness to your girl you can do it below, but keep it clean and don't fill it with pictures.

Poll will go by Alphabetical order. So scroll down till you find your girl or just CTRL-F them. (If you don't have anyone you like yet, scroll to the second poll):

<poll>
Who is your first waifu?
Abukuma
Agano
Akagi
Akashi
Akatsuki
Akebono
Akigumo
Akitsumaru
Akitsushima
Akizuki
Amagi
Amatsukaze
Aoba
Arare
Arashi
Arashio
Asagumo
Asashimo
Asashio
Ashigara
Atago
Ayanami
Bismarck
Chikuma
Chitose
Chiyoda
Choukai
Fubuki
Fumizuki
Furutaka
Fusou
Graf Zeppelin
Hagikaze
Haguro
Hamakaze
Haruna
Harusame
Hatsuharu
Hatsukaze
Hatsushimo
Hatsuyuki
Hayasui
Hibiki/Верный
Hiei
Hiryuu
Hiyou
Houshou
Hyuuga
I-168 (Imuya)
I-19 (Iku)
I-401 (Shioi)
I-58 (Goya)
I-8 (Hachi)
Ikazuchi
Inazuma
Ise
Isokaze
Isonami
Isuzu
Jintsuu
Jun'you
Kaga
Kagerou
Kako
Kashima
Kasumi
Katori
Katsuragi
Kawakaze
Kazagumo
Kikuzuki
Kinu
Kinugasa
Kirishima
Kisaragi
Kiso
Kitakami
Kiyoshimo
Kongou
Kuma
Kumano
Kuroshio
Libeccio
Littorio/Italia
Maikaze
Makigumo
Maruyu
Maya
Michishio
Mikazuki
Mikuma
Miyuki
Mizuho
Mochizuki
Mogami
Murakumo
Murasame
Musashi
Mutsu
Mutsuki
Myoukou
Nachi
Naganami
Nagara
Nagato
Nagatsuki
Naka
Natori
Nenohi
Noshiro
Nowaki
Oboro
Ooi
Ooshio
Ooyodo
Prinz Eugen
Ro-500
Roma
Ryuuhou
Ryuujou
Sakawa
Samidare
Satsuki
Sazanami
Sendai
Shigure
Shikinami
Shimakaze
Shiranui
Shiratsuyu
Shirayuki
Shouhou
Shoukaku
Souryuu
Suzukaze
Suzuya
Taigei
Taihou
Takanami
Takao
Tama
Tanikaze
Tatsuta
Tenryuu
Teruzuki
Tokitsukaze
Tone
U-511
Umikaze
Unryuu
Urakaze
Ushio
Uzuki
Wakaba
Yahagi
Yamagumo
Yamashiro
Yamato
Yayoi
Yukikaze
Yura
Yuubari
Yuudachi
Yuugumo
Z1
Z3
Zuihou
Zuikaku
</poll>

'''EDIT: Added additional option for people who don't want to marry or don't have any they like yet. Made new poll below because if I add it in it'll reset'''

<poll>
For those who don't expect to have a Waifu, choose here
I don't want a waifu
What is waifu?
I don't have any girl I want to marry yet
I'm gay/les.
My waifu is an abyssal -> Please wait for next poll thread.
</poll>
----

<center>'''Q & A'''</center>

'''WHY ISN"T _____ Named here!?!?!?!?!?''''

Did your girl came after January 1st 2016? Yes? Tough luck she didn't make it this time.

'''How long did it take you to make this list?'''

15 mins; 14 goes to typing, 1 goes to opening excel.

'''Such nerd, so much time to waste'''

It's for my girls.

<p style="font-weight:normal;">'''Why aren't Hibiki/Verniy, Chitose Sisters and Littorio/Italia separate individuals?'''</p>

<p style="font-weight:normal;">'''Littorio '''is like a rebellious international student with weird name who went to America and decided to change it to Italia to make it easier for them. </p>

<p style="font-weight:normal;">Okay, some people did argue that '''Japanese Hibiki and Russian Hibiki''' is different but I'm sure you love her, with or without the small dose of Russian Vodka (TL: I forgot to split them and too lazy to change becaus it'll reset poll).</p>

<p style="font-weight:normal;">For '''Chitose Sisters? '''Find me someone who married Chitose/Chiyoda A then we'll talk.</p>

'''So who's your waifu?'''

Check my profile.

'''But my waifu is an abyssal!'''

I guess that will be the next upcoming poll

'''Why is ________ not a choice?'''

Because it's the same redundant thing said repetitively toward just one simple reply "I have no waifu".

'''But..........! My waifu is in another game! (or I have IRL waifu that is an Overly Obsession Wife)'''

Then why are you looking at this poll?

'''HALP! I CAN'T CHOOSE WHICH ONE TO BE MY WIFE!'''

You're gonna go far in life mate....oh wait, did you mean based on performance and stats? No? Okay yeah....you're gonna go far in life....

'''Why did you use the word "waifu"? It's degradatory and I don't like it! I preferred _____.'''

<span style="color:rgb(0,0,0);font-weight:normal;line-height:18.2px;white-space:pre-line;">Okay, you can voluntarily name her (if I use "call" it might become opression as I forced you to use it) with whatever term you preferred. Be it "Bae", "SO", "Love of my life", "Wife", "Favorite", "Boytoy", "Coded Female World War II Japanese IJN Anthropomorphism Ship whom you favored greater than others of her own kind". </span>

<span style="color:rgb(0,0,0);font-weight:normal;line-height:18.2px;white-space:pre-line;">TL;DR - Waifu is just a placeholder used commonly in this place. Call her whatever you want.</span>

'''What the fuck is a Zel-Melon?'''

A bondage fruit.<ac_metadata title="[Poll] Who is your First Waifu?" notify_everyone="1451983588"> </ac_metadata>