So here is the list of the TTK with the ship girls

- ArcticaFrost (power house fleet): Starter Murakumo, Nagato-class, Kongou-class, Yamato-class, Bismarck + Z1 and Z3

- Admiral Mikado (air fleet): Starter Sazanami-> Have Oboro class DD, all CV, CVL and Isokaze (so he can rub in HandgunOtonashi's face)

- HandgunOtonashi (expedition fleet): Starter Fubuki-> Fubuki-class, Ayanami-class, Mutsuki-class, Yuugumo-class, Asashio-class, Kagerou-class (doesn't inculde Amatsukaze, Yukikaze, Tokitsukaze), Maruyu and Akitsu Maru

- Dechidechi (day battle fleet): Starter Inazuma-> Akatsuki-class, Ise-class, Fusou-class, Tone-class, Mogami-class, Akizuki, Ooyodo, Akashi, Katori, I-58, I-19, I-401

- Shizen (Yasen fleet): Starter Samidare-> Shiratsuyu-class, Sendai-class, Kuma-class, Yuubari, Natori-class, Atago-class, Myoukou-class, Prinz Eugen, Shimakaze, Amatsukaze, Yukikaze, Tokitsukaze, I-168, I-8, Ro-500 (yes, I know, I'm selfish aren't I)

The story will take place back before summer event (just around when I join the second time). That's mean Kai Ni and new ship will appear on the time line

And here is the first chapter: A new TTK, whose name is Shizen (aka me), joins a naval district. Inside there is already 4 experienced TTKs. In order to test the new TTK, they give him Samidare, ask him to clear 2-4. So the new TTK started collecting, grinding, clearing 1-1 till 2-3 with lighting speed (just like how I did after losing my first account). At 2-4, he got Ooi, she became the new secretary ship (they won't found KTKM soon). When clearing 2-4, he endure compass troll, random rekt, etc (a lot of salt can be add here). In those moment, Ooi starting to getting closer to him-this Shizen choose the Ooi route. After clearing 2-4, he discover a shocking story, Ooi almost got sink. She was heavy damage before the boss, but she lied to him because get it done (he discover this because he can't found Maya's damage report but she is heavy damage). He rage at her, say thing like losing comrade is much worse than not able to clear the map (great line add here). In the end, the other TTKs accept this new TTK as a part of the district. The moral of the story: aside from just clearing maps, each TTK must build up trust to their girls so that they won't do reckless things.

So yeah, I want this Shizen to go with Ooi route. He also will grind at E-2 summer to get Amatsukaze for Shimakaze, who wants a friend (this I can turn into drama in the later chapter). He will get KTKM at the Summer grind but at that time Ooi have fallen for him.

Update: the doujin will turn in to a fan fic (light novel) instead because no one would do it for free

To the last thread http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Thread:217680 (I accidentally make a new one :v) <ac_metadata title="Doujin first look"> </ac_metadata>