1) I don't like how overhyped Shigure and Yuudachi are despite their history and capabilities in the game. Personality wise, I don't see any speciality in both of them.

2) I don't like how OP Installations has become... The implementation of hard installations makes it harder to recognize which equips to use.

3) I don't like Yamashiro's attitude. I mean, at least pay some respect and don't be jerk towards your superior can you?

4) I don't really like how the community treats RJ in the game. Yes, I know she is flat but don't said it every single time when talking about her! She is a great ship in the game and please talk about her feats in the game rather than her physical can you?

5) I don't really like Kaga's attitude towards Zuikaku and also vice versa. Is it hard to be honest girls?

6) I don't like how sometimes the enemies just can have the fiesta crits hits on us but we rarely gets it.

7) I don't really like how Iowa speaks her english. Her voice is okay just her english.

8) I don't really like people who says normal ships without special stats/equips is useless. All girls in this game is useful.

9) I don't really like how over-confident Akagi in the game and anime. You don't want the same mistake happens twice right? stops be like that.

10) I don't really like how early three Nagaras(Nagara, Isuzu and Natori) being treated in the game. Besides Isuzu kai which doesn't do so much towards her, Nagara and Natori just being outright abandoned by devs. Besides new art on fall last year, nothing much they get and no new lines at all for three years... pretty frustrating.

That is my ten things that I don't really like in the game but need to cope with it. I don't outright hate them but just don't like that kind things much. So, how about yours?<ac_metadata title="What is ten things that you guys don&#039;t really like in the game but you need to cope with it?"> </ac_metadata>