After the new update came out, the 15.5cm Triple Secondary Kai and the 15.5cm Triple Kai are now viable options for CL's and CLT's. The list of possible guns now includes the 20.3(3)cm, OTO, 15.5cm Triple Kai, 15.5cm Triple Secondary Kai and 15.2cm kai. So this leads me to my question. What gun would would be the best gun for CL's/CLT's? 

I personally think it might be the between the 20.3(3) and 15.5cm Triple Secondary Kai.

1) 20.3(3)cm for raw firepower (+10 FP) but at the cost of accuracy. Note that this is unconfirmed in terms of the overweight penalty, but in comparison to the fit bonuses + base accuracy stats of other guns like the 15.2cm and 15.5cm it theoretically should be less accurate. However, the FP of the 20.3cm can be boosted through Akashi's improvement arsenal, and the FP improvements are fairly strong since K multiplier = 1.5.
*Purpose: Gun to use against highly armoured installations/targets, maybe in LD or in general if you are struggling to do damage at all.
2) On the other hand, I would choose the 15.5cm Triple Kai for a good strong area in both FP/accuracy (since +7 FP, +3 accuracy). The AA stats are fairly neglectable. Unfortunately this gun isn't as strong as the 20.3(3)cm, K multiplier =1, but think that this gun is fairly strong in the respect that it's accuracy is improvable. As of right now i'm not personally sure if this gun has a fit bonus on CL's.
*Purpose: Accuracy in NB if you need it, with decent FP. Possibly good at killing Imps? (since the gun itself has a good accuracy stat). More reliable for 2 taps. 
That said, feel free to discuss this topic since i'm pretty interested in what most people have to say. Honourable mentions include OTO max. :)<ac_metadata title="What medium gun is the best for lighter ships i.e. CL/CLT?"> </ac_metadata>