

----
<p style="margin-top:0.357143em;margin-bottom:0.357143em;font-size:20px;line-height:1.42857em;color:rgb(0,0,10);"><span style="font-weight:600;">EMERGENCY TRANSMISSION</span> Admiral Aclone2 Sukumo Bay Anchorage <span style="font-weight:600;">TRANSMISSION START</span></p>
----
<p style="margin-top:0.357143em;margin-bottom:0.357143em;font-size:12px;line-height:1.42857em;color:rgb(0,0,10);">If other admiral could read this, I am in the dire need for help. I don’t’ know what to do to preserve the stability of my fleet. My girls have already taken control of the radio office, forcing me to use my precious 4G data. I just finished the 4-3 marriage quest, now my naval base is in chaos. [http://i.imgur.com/Kcm1tTy.png I have locked myself in my chambers, along with the newest arrival, Mikuma.]She had been instrumental in barricading the doors.</p>

<p style="margin-top:0.357143em;margin-bottom:0.357143em;font-size:12px;line-height:1.42857em;color:rgb(0,0,10);">I was plunged into this hell a couple of hours ago, from a time where I could never imagine this happening. It seemed like yesterday when I completed 4-3. After hours of cursing the abyssal, and authorizing the wanton use of buckets, victory was finally in my hands. After a while of basking in the glory of success, Ooyodo brought in a special package from high command commemorating my victory. As she handed it to me, she wore a sly smile, learned forwards, and whispered into my ears. “Make sure that you clean up properly.”</p>

<p style="margin-top:0.357143em;margin-bottom:0.357143em;font-size:12px;line-height:1.42857em;color:rgb(0,0,10);">With the cryptic outburst from Ooydoo in my head, I proceeded to my room, with a box containing the reward form the 4-3 quest. When I approached the last bend to my room, I collided into Mikuma, scattering the contents of the box to the far corners of the hallway. If I had known the trouble that it would bring, I would have disposed of it right away. It was then, from the corner I saw a protruding set of bunny ears. No doubt Shimakaze is planning to ambush me once again. It is hard to get the idea that I married her for her stats, not love, through her brain. It was then I decided to do an act so blatantly thoughtless that I would slap myself if I was able to go back in time. My hands moved into action, one picking up the futon, and the other Mikuma. With a hearthy laugh, I broadcasted my voice echo through the hall, “Ah Mikuma, we are going to have fun tonight with this new futon from high command.” The ears disappear before I was able to finish the sentence. It was not long after locking the door when the sounds of bitter resentment filled the hall.</p>

<p style="margin-top:0.357143em;margin-bottom:0.357143em;font-size:12px;line-height:1.42857em;color:rgb(0,0,10);">[http://i.imgur.com/FOt9HSS.png From the small crack in my door], I could see Kitakami and Musashi (my first and second waifu respectively) duke it out in the halls. They were both present during the 4-3 final sortie, with Musashi being the lead ship, but with Kitakami as MVP, as she sunk the submarine that prevented an S rank on the boss. The two are often in unfriendly terms with each other, as they both believe that they are the foundation of the fleet. They would often quarrel, but they never reached such an elevated threshold of hostility before. Never had their expressions been so twisted with rage, that not even I , was able to recognize them. Only with the combined might of Kongou, Haruna, Akagi and Nagato were able to separate the two, but not without damage.</p>

<p style="margin-top:0.357143em;margin-bottom:0.357143em;font-size:12px;line-height:1.42857em;color:rgb(0,0,10);">It was then when the fire alarms went off. From the window I could view smoke coming from the barracks, the place where I assign girls when I don’t need them anymore. The destroyers emerged from the smoke like a heard of bison, charring headfirst without fore fought, straight into the harbor.</p>

<p style="margin-top:0.357143em;margin-bottom:0.357143em;font-size:12px;line-height:1.42857em;color:rgb(0,0,10);">Yet that was not what caught my attention, from the housing dorms, I see a brigade of ship girls. It was headed by Shimakaze, flanked both sides by Souryuu and Chiyoda<span style="font-size:10.7692px;line-height:1.42857em;">, and behind them, a column of leveled, but underused ship girls followed in their wake.</span></p>

<p style="margin-top:0.357143em;margin-bottom:0.357143em;font-size:12px;line-height:1.42857em;color:rgb(0,0,10);">They marched in unison towards the common field. The column split into two sections and opened up [http://i.imgur.com/RPbzAqN.png a scene that would forever be etched into my memories.] Hiei and Kirishima, two who I have refused to marry, dragged my fiance, Bismarck out to the center of the crowd. With their eyes locked onto me like a lion is to its prey, they proceeded to [http://i.imgur.com/Jaycq8D.png beat the shit out of Bismarck,] as I watched in horror. The smiles that rose across their faces struck fear into my heart. They knew that each blow to her was like a blow to me, for me to see my beloved being desecrated, filled them with joy. Not being able to bare it anymore, I adverted my sight and dashed for the corner of the room. I covered my ears and assumed a fetal position, rocking back and forth, trying to calm myself.</p>

<p style="margin-top:0.357143em;margin-bottom:0.357143em;font-size:12px;line-height:1.42857em;color:rgb(0,0,10);">I was dragged back to reality as the door trembled, along with an ear piercing wail. “Te~it~oku, we know you are in there, we know all about you and that bitch Mikuma, hand her over and <span style="font-weight:600;">all shall be fine.</span>”. Mikuma bolted into a frenzy, pushing the tables and anything that wasn’t bolted down toward the door.</p>

<p style="margin-top:0.357143em;margin-bottom:0.357143em;font-size:12px;line-height:1.42857em;color:rgb(0,0,10);">It has been hours since the assault on my safe room started. I am not sure how much longer would the barricade last. I could hear them outside, wailing my name, banging onto what was left of the door. Now I turn for fellow admirals for help. What did I do to deserve this? What should I do?</p>
----
<p style="margin-top:0.357143em;margin-bottom:0.357143em;font-size:12px;line-height:1.42857em;color:rgb(0,0,10);"><span style="font-weight:600;">EMERGENCY TRANSMISSION</span> Admiral Aclone2 Sukumo Bay Anchorage <span style="font-weight:600;">TRANSMISSION END</span></p>

<p style="margin-top:0.357143em;margin-bottom:0.357143em;font-size:12px;line-height:1.42857em;color:rgb(0,0,10);">
</p>

<p style="margin-top:0.357143em;margin-bottom:0.357143em;font-size:12px;line-height:1.42857em;color:rgb(0,0,10);">Disclaimer: No shipgirls were intentially injured in the making of this story.</p>   <ac_metadata title="HELP! BASE IN CHAOS, LIFE IN DANGER! HELP!"> </ac_metadata>