When you reach one point of the game you'll need to find something to spice up your Kancolle life. This page will have compilation of some challenges that people do. 'Challenges' will be applied into something that you won't normally do. So stuffs from Frontliners like clearing the Event as fast as possible, LSC X times, don't play Kancolle for 2 days and etc. won't be applied here.

If you want to suggest any challenges then just post it down here. Rememeber, it needs to be doable and reasonable so don't say something like Clear the whole event with lvl 1 ships (that might be possible but sanity probably drop fast).

----

Another case is a 'special case', where you start from scratch and do something that is unreasonable but you'll still do it. Some example is:

Never go beyond 1-1 in map clearing. Never craft a ship. Etc.

Special Challenges will go under Special case.

----

Some example of known challenges:

'''"Zeekcannon: Fresh-From-the-Start" and "Zeekcannon: No Medal" Challenges'''

Fresh-From-the-Start 
#Start from 0 buckets and 0 resources (or somewhere close to 0 rsc) when the event started. Screenshot your starting to proof it.
#Do the whole event using only the resources gained during event.

No Medal
#If you get the First-class-medal. Scrap it.

'''Bucket Free Challenge'''
#Do not use even a single bucket. Can start whenever and from any condition you desire. For example:
#*No bucket use for the whole month
#*No bucket use for EO
#*No Bucket use for event.

----
'''Special Case Challenge'''
''This is is unique as it will usually apply to those to create a new account and start all over. Some challenges that you can do are:''
#No-Craft Challenge
#*No-Craft Ship (Do not craft any ship. Only use ship from drops)
#*No-Craft Equipment (Do not craft any equipment. Only use what you get)
#No-Proceed Challenge (Do not go beyond Map X-X.)
#*Right-where-you-started: Do not clear any map except 1-1.
#No-LSC Challenge (Never do LSC. Will never have LSC ships)
#Saint-Admiral Challenge (This one should be easy, yet hard)
#*Do not sink a single ship. No matter what. Even fodder.<ac_metadata title="Kantai Collection - Challenges"> </ac_metadata>