If anyone remembers the "sortie database" where you can submit your fleet composition and nodes, then it gets grouped with other reports to see branching rules,

it did not prove to be very effective last [[Spring 2014 Event]]. it was also my first event so everything is new to me so I had to guess that's important and what's not.

i think we've all learned something from that. you do not actually need to report every composition and every branch you take. at first people used it, but eventually once the branch rules got known, people stopped reporting

<span style="font-size:17px; font-weight:bold;">Proposal to the Community</span><br />
A feasible alternative would be, you can "pin" notes on branches/nodes (has map image and you pinpoint which branch) about your theory, where people can vote up/down your theory if it works for them, and everyone can follow if it has high up-votes.

up-voting even tho the composition is known, will make it more popular to newcomers compared to alternative compositions, see 2-5's variety.

this way, even if the branch rule is already known, you can just click an up-vote for the specific theory that worked for you. no need to submit another report.

(''branch rules may be different per HQ.lv/los, so a down-vote may need to submit at least this'')

<span style="font-size:17px; font-weight:bold;">Drop Reporting</span><br />
another thing that wasn't completed at that time (and seen to be of greater need) was Drop reporting. back then people edit the event page every couple of minutes to add their drops.

<span style="font-size:17px; font-weight:bold;">Questions</span><br />
if there is such as system, would it be effective? waste of time and effort? would you use it? need your input :p <ac_metadata title="Event Preparation" related_topics=""> </ac_metadata>