<poll>
Which Navy would you like to be the mainstay of your fleet?
Lawful - I'll become an Admiral for one and only navy to protect the shipgirls and their homeland.
Neutral - I'll be a nomadic Admiral, casted away free and unencumbered by any Navy, sailing the high seas with my life and shipgirls.
Chaotic - I'll sell my future, my soul and my family jewels to side with the Abyssals.
</poll>

Regarding the Allegiance: 

{| class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed wikitable"
! colspan="2" style="text-align:center; width: 500px; background-color:gold;" |Lawful
|-
|The Lawful side would gain the protection of the Navy and are allowed to access their pool of common ships. For example, those who side with IJN have access to Fubuki-class destroyers while Kriegsmarine have access to U-boats, and so on.<br>However, they may have much harder time to collect ships from other navies.

+ Have access to commonly available drop pool to a particular navy.
<br>+ Naval operations are much easier with abundance of resources.
<br>+ Local shipgirls have complete loyalty to the Admiral regardless of rank and fame.
<br>+ Growth curve favors lower-level shipgirls, so remodel levels requires less experience points.
<br>+ Have access to event rewards, including foreign ships should circumstances permit.
<br>- Difficult to obtain foreign ships and equipments.
|}
{| class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed wikitable"
! colspan="2" style="text-align:center; width: 500px; background-color:silver;" |Neutral
|-
|The Neutral side would have much harder time to find famed kanmusus of any faction, as their kanmusu drop pool are not only mixed with common kanmusus all over the world, they will also have much harder time to collect resources and faces much harder operations than the Lawful Side.<br>Furthermore, the chances of obtaining famed shipgirls of any kind becomes greatly reduced as they're are at all rated at S-holo rarity.

+ Widest access to operation maps and common shipgirl drops
<br>+ More experience yield per sortie (1.2 times the Lawful Side), but with more linear growth.
<br>- Naval operations are the hardest and most dangerous of all alignments.
<br>- Difficult to collect resources and high-rarity shipgirls.
<br>- Certain shipgirls are less likely to obey the Admiral and may even defy and/or betray the Admiral.
|}
{| class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed wikitable"
! colspan="2" style="text-align:center; width: 500px; background-color:red;" |Chaos
|-
|Admirals who decided to side with the Abyssal Fleet (the chaotic side) can replenish their fleets much faster than a fleet of shipgirls. However, they'll be fighting for their own lives not only against the shipgirl fleets, but against the accumulated malice that would consume their Admiral regardless of their willpower.
*Abyssal ships cannot level up, be customized or modernized, and lacks the shipgirl protection machanism (meaning they would die in droves like red shirts)
*Boss-tier Abyssals are powerful but requires the Abyssal Admiral to have absurdly high willpower to command, and although they can be replenished immediately, two boss-tier Abyssals in active sortie are the practical limit given for any and all Admirals.
*An Admiral may command up to three as absolute limit, but the Admiral will be consumed within minutes after the sortie, effectively turning it as a last resort.
*Players who decide to side with the Abyssals will be casted away from the society. This combined with the fact that the Abyssal Admirals have to fight a constant threat of being consumed by the malice, means most of them wouldn't last even a year before dying a horrible death.
*To give the prospective Abyssals Admirals what they're up to, take a look of this [http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/typemoon/images/6/6c/Evils.jpg picture]. You have been warned.

+ Fallen Abyssal ships can be replenished quickly.
<br>+ Abyssal ships are generally stronger than shipgirls and doesn't need levelling.
<br>- Abyssal ships are sunk for good when they are, well, sunk.
<br>- Abyssal ships cannot be customized or modernized.
<br>- Magikarp-tiering curve and low opportunity of promotion.
<br>- Can only field out up to 2 boss-tier Abyssals at once.
|}  <ac_metadata title="Which allegiance of Admiralty are you on?"> </ac_metadata>