This post will serve as a grounds to test community approval rating of a defense-based collection game, where you are in control of ships from the abyssal-fleet who will guard nodes for you.

The player can assign his ships to specific nodes and positions. Each ship has its "cost" to put on slot, and each node has a maximum cost. This is to prevent putting 6 BB himes on first node.

Upon starting the mission, the fleet(s) of axis kanmusus will attack, and proceed to next nodes if they do not have a heavily damaged unit. Your abyssal ships can sink on the spot! The battle is supposed to be the same as KanColle, watch RNG.

You do not have control if the mission should end, abyssals do not have that option! If they successfully kill your boss node, it deducts from your HP gauge, where you cannot start another mission on zero. Gauge regenerates over time. (kind of like forced-unsortiable morale).

You can also build an unlimited number of ships (max 200, no expansion). Construction has same mechanics as KanColle with recipes per ship-type. LSC has a chance to construct special bosses / event bosses.

Equipment will be abyssal equipment, based on [[List of equipment used by the enemy]]. Same crafting mechanics with recipes. No equipment modernization.

Resupply / Repair applies for those who did not sink during the run.

Your units also level up if they survive. KanColle abyss stats will be the minimum, +20 for maximum. All stats increase by level, no modernization.

'''This is a fan game and will not have in-app purchases! Forever free!'''<ac_metadata title="ShinkaiColle Project"> </ac_metadata>