So Yeah! As stated on the title above, who should I pick and who should I put on retirement? Sendai Class Sisters or Kinu?

I'm on a daily crisis of having a lot, and I mean a lot of Light Cruisers along with a large decrease of vacant ship slots (Currently 95/100). I have the Agano's and I know that if they will have Kai Ni, it would be a good investment to prepare for that so I won't let go of them (Who would?). But, because of the recent Light Cruiser Kai Ni like ABKM and Kinu (I won't let go of Isuzu considering her ASW powerhouse punch), It would seem that the Sendai's are getting more and more obsolete (Utility wise).

Based on observation alone, Light Cruisers play the support role. The only time that I use CL's are when there is a combined fleet (Obviously), 1-6, Expeditions and etc... Ok, they "DO" have a lot of roles, but they don't usually fill the slots in the fleet (That goes for carriers, battleships, destroyers and especially destroyers). Expedition-wise, they're not that good as they do consume ammo than Kinu and Isuzu (ABKM is 35 in ammo but she does have a Daihatsu Access Card so meh... tolerable).

Although Jintsuu has one of the most powerful Night battle statistic of all the CL's, it would still be useless considering the mere impression of something like ABKM having the Kyohoteki's, Isuzu having pre-ASW and Kinu with her Expedition Bonus. 

So that's that. I want justification. Prove to me that its not worth letting go of the Sendai Class Sisters. If I find it convincing, I won't let go of them...<ac_metadata title="100-Slotter&#039;s Problem Part 1&#10;&#10;Sendai Class Sisters or Kinu?"> </ac_metadata>