Hello.

As someone who relies on the info posted on this Wiki project to guide me through the game since 2013, being an observer, it has come to my attention that there were some changes done to certain pages involving who can edit them. Specifically the main page and the events page and its corresponding seasonal event pages, where since 02/25 have been restricted to admin-only editing. As someone who has seen the wiki project grow since 2013, this comes as a surprise as order was already kept high due to previous restrictions put in place, where the main page, the tutorials pages, and other vital info pages are editable to autoconfirmed users and admins.

To me personally, the new heightened restrictions is a disheartening sight as the previous status quo of autoconfirmed users and admins editing was effective enough in controlling who edits what, especially on vital pages. Although the case of Kisaragi's page is understable since she was terminated on-screen few weeks ago and there had to be some degree of preventive measures involved (not sure about Shouhou's though after last week's episode), I do not see '''any valid reason''' to restrict the main page and all event-related pages to admin-only editing. And I am not sure how many more pages have been subject to the same editing restrictions.

For that reason, I ask of a statement or a simple outlining of valid reason/s why the recent restrictions have been placed.

Thank you.

P.S. Suggestion from a fellow player: To consider adding bonus info on other equipment like the ones in place on select planes, the searchlight, star shell, ASW equips, and miscellaneous equipment.<ac_metadata title="Recent Editing Restrictions"> </ac_metadata>