I am at a bit of an impasse here. The game decided that hey, now you absolutely need an airfield! Okay then, this is probably the coolest mechanic in the entire game, I want it anyway. Without it 6-5 will be a living hell, and jets require it too somehow. The game then proceeds to taunt you a bit by giving you F43 way before B80. This is also fine, you can just buy the damn dozer with cash, this here also has a reason to exist. And then the alternative hits you. On B41 you are forced to grab a fleet consisting of a CA and five cardboard boxes, and sail it merrily through 5-1 with an S no less. All while taking DA-shelling from BBs with bloody air support. At every node. There are four of them. Two also have random subs in case you be bored or whatnot. No Saiun, complete AI. No sub tanks. A single Kaga would make all this nonsense doable. But nope. Grab your historical fleet and run the historical mission. Pretty sure historically the side I am now playing lost the bloody war, but hey, minor details.

Sure, a team of random 30-something shmucks and a forlorn Choukai Kai2 is doomed as it is, obviously. I don't use the rest, they suck. And what's gonna change? Levels? Yes, they give an ephemeral chance to live longer, but take excruciatingly long to gain. It is an entire sodding fleet after all. Kai2? Sure, three ships have it and at relatively low level. Guess what? They still suck after it. Extra 5 hp and 2 armor is hardly a dealbreaker here. Gear? Nope, nothing new will prevent you from becoming a smoldering wreck the moment a BB as much as glances your way, boilers are everywhere already. Modernization? Maybe, except said shmucks currently occupy the last six slots this fleet has. And with exactly one free, I'm not getting any fat loot any time soon. Everything was mostly modded up before the last one dropped. Pay-to-win this all? Nah. Before somebody smart pops up and drops something like "it's just spare dimes, save some lunch money or w/e, support the creators", no, that is not an option. Not now anyways.

So, the game is entering its stagnation phase for me, and what exactly do I do with it? Throw stuff at the wall and hope some sticks? Give up on the cool stuff entirely? Sacrifice a newborn to the salt god? Exit through the window? Is there some l33t secret strat to B41 I am not aware of right now? God damn this is irritating. An entire fleet of trophy battleships, and there's precisely dick they can do about this situation. I love the irony.<ac_metadata title="A problem with B41."> </ac_metadata>