I already posted in the trouble shooting thread before I found this Q/A board, so I will check both periodically (or just delete the one on the trouble shooting section if you don't want two seperate areas).  I'll just copy and paste what I wrote already.



<span style="color:rgb(0,0,0);">Receiving a very odd error. I can go wherever I want on the menu: construction/development, card album, quests, expeditions, sorties, shop, etc. However, when I actually do something like construction, going to a sortie (i.e: World 1-1), or equipping my girls, I get hit with a cat error.  I downloaded KC3 (had to update my chrome to do that...) to get a new API link and same problem occured.  According to KC3 it tells me my internet connectivity is the issue, but wouldn't I not be able to enter the game menu screen at all? Any idea how to fix this? I'll just give my girls a break for today and try to fix the issue tomorrow. </span>

<span style="color:rgb(0,0,0);">...Oh some extra information as well. My cache is set to 1024 (had this problem using Kancolle Viewer, but like I said, I still have the problem on normal windows). I cleared my cache as well, my flash player is updated (well it seems internet explorer auto updates flash player, but I'll look at my windows update to check this).  I pretty much went through all the steps, and yes my time zone is set correctly: Day, Month, Nearly exact time (maybe a few seconds deviation), and same year of course. </span>



<span style="color:rgb(0,0,0);">I saw this thread: </span>http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Thread:127512

I all of these already (rechecked my internet explorer, google chrome cache like I said), I used both my laptop, chrome, KCV, and internet explorer itself and receiving the same issue. Also fetched a new API (like I said in the second paragraph), but of course to no avail.  Any insight on anythign that can be done will be very helpful.<span style="color:rgb(0,0,0);"> </span><ac_metadata title="Error when I do anything on the game menu."> </ac_metadata>