Hi wikia, I'm abusing my power

I want to collect data for '''expedition 32 exp gaining rate''' since it seems to be all around. I can't do it fast enough with 24 hours per run to test it out so I want some help.

---------------

Here's what I want if you're going to give me a report: [Any additional link or report regarding the expedition would be great.]

'''- Each of your ship's exp differences ''''''[A screen shot showing the EXP difference would be nice. If using screenshot, please put it in this format when uploaded]'''

 File name: Kat32_yourusername( or something to representyou).png/jpg

'''- Your ship's levels, especially Katori (since I feel like Katori's level is a factor)'''

'''- Whether you got a great success or not (for multiplier)'''

Any help will be appreciated and internet cookie will be baked and given to any supporters.

--------------------

A template for table if people prefer it (not that good):

<pre>{{Exp32Kat-Zel
|ship1bef=(This shows Level/EXP put it as 32 / 452 [amount left])
|ship1aft=31/125  | ship1dif= 375
|ship2= Insert name here| ship2bef=32/125| ship2aft=33/2850| ship2dif= 375
|ship3= Insert name here| ship3bef=33/125| ship3aft=34/2850| ship3dif= 385
|ship4= Insert name here| ship4bef=34/125| ship4aft=35/2850| ship4dif= 395
|ship5= Insert name here| ship5bef=35/125| ship5aft=36/2850| ship5dif= 405
|ship6= Insert name here| ship6bef=36/125| ship6aft=37/2850| ship6dif= 415
|Success= Insert Success or Great success here
|Description= put whatever info/picture you want here}}

Definition: 

Ship1bef and Ship1aft - These asks for the Ship's level / Ship Exp currently left to next level.

Ship1dif - these ask for the difference in level. 
If you don't know then it's fine just leave it blank. I can figure that out.
 </pre>

--------------

<u>'''Report:'''</u>

Collection of hypothesis and info avialable.

'''Currently, I'm pretty sure there's these two factors:'''

-Katori's level (in possibly increment of 10 levels)

-Ship's level (in possibly increment of 10 levels)

'''Factors that we already know'''

-Great success multiplier

-two percentage multiplier

-Flagship multiplier

'''Factor that might be there but is not sure:'''

'''-'''An exp bonus for low level ships that reduces over time in possibly alarming/slow rate during the early levels.
-----------

<u>Quicklist</u>:

http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Expedition?page=2#comm-181981

http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Expedition?page=2#comm-178668

https://www.ptt.cc/bbs/KanColle/M.1423976291.A.B55.html

http://romarisa.exblog.jp/20901008

<p style="color:rgb(0,0,0);margin-top:0px!important;">http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/File:Expedition32_GS_ship_exp.png</p><ac_metadata title="Request: Expedition 32 Information" notify_everyone="1425136230"> </ac_metadata>