So I'm coming up into my 1st month since starting in the mid-Nov lottery and so far I have successfully earned 2 medals from 1-5 for Nov and December. Tried my hand on at least E-1 for another but I couldn't sink the boss. Buckets were depleted and resources were nearly consumed accross all boards. At the very least I think I've been to a good start with no ships sunk and drops/crafts have been legendary.

World 2 has been my go to for the daily, weekly, and monthly quests. I have 3 sortie fleets rotating and I can also do 3 simultaneous expeditions, especially useful for long ones before retiring from the game. I'm looking forward to preparing for world 3 and the next event so I need help on which direction I should be prioritizing (i.e. which ships will I need most to be high level, which needs to K2 first, etc.) Most ships have fuly modernized besides their AA stats due to the scarcity of ships that can add AA. My compositions are as follows:

3 sorties (first is not necessarily flag)

Kongou K 61, Myoukou K 49, Tone K 38, Sendai K 49, Kiso K 46, Hiryuu 25

Haruna K 35, Haguro K 34, Chikuma K 31, Jintsuu K 35, Ryuujou K 27, Junyou K 31

Hyuuga K 34, Isuzu K 25, Ooi K 29, Kitakami K 17, Ayanami K 39, Yuudachi K 39

Other ships. (They tend to do expeditions but some could sub into sorties or quests that need specific compositions)

Tenryuu & Tatsuta for CL req; Furutaka & Kako for CA req; Shigure, Ushio, Hatsuharu, and Hibiki are all K 22+; Fubuki, my starter, along with Yayoi, Mutsuki, and Kisaragi primarily do expeditions; I-8 and I-58 are my only subs, also doing some expeditions for now but I will need to level for later.<ac_metadata title="Priorities help going into W3 and prepare for next event."> </ac_metadata>