<center>
'''[[Spring 2015 Event]]'''
</center>
The event is coming. People are panicking. So let's gather some info. To stop people from going yolo. Feel free to ask question here. And for people who worried about their fleet readiness, it might help having all the info in one place.

P.S.: I know Shin's guide pretty much covered all this but I was told that having a short summary version is also good so gonna highlight it again for the lulz.

----

<center>
<font size=3>A Great and in-depth Guide by Shinwalee; </font>

<font size=3>'''RECOMMENDED TO LOOK HERE INSTEAD''' </font>

<font size=4>[[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/User_blog:Shinhwalee/Major_Event_Preparation_Guide_for_Admirals In-depth Guide: Compilation of Information for major events]]</font>
</center>
----

<center>
<font size=3>Spring 2015 Fresh Information </font>

<font size=3>'''More updated than me, recommended to look at this one and Shin's guide for maximum info of the event''' </font>

<font size=4>[[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Thread:222652 New Info! Spring 2015 Event]]</font>
</center>


----
<u>'''FAQS'''</u>

*The event seems to be <span style="color:rgb(0,0,0);">Possibly related to the Indian Ocean Raid (Easter Sunday Raid)</span>

**Source: http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Spring_2015_Event
**Pro-tip: There's hint that CV/CVL will be crucial for this event. How important is another story.
**Was named: <span style="color:rgb(0,0,0);">"</span>''Order! 11th Battle Operation''<span style="color:rgb(0,0,0);">"</span>
*Event will start at the on '''April 28th'''
**Event will last 20 days.
**The next event will be a large-scale event...which is probably 6 maps.
**Source: [[https://twitter.com/intent/retweet?tweet_id=587071582259916800&original_referer=http%3A%2F%2Fkancolle.wikia.com%2Fwiki%2FRecent_Updates&profile_id=294025417&tw_i=587071582259916800&tw_p=embeddedtimeline&tw_w=425183022497796097 April 12 tweet]]

*Possibility of old system showing up:
**[[Winter 2015 Event|Difficulty system]] ('''CONFIRMED''': https://twitter.com/KanColle_STAFF/status/584539433480822786)
***Read the [[Winter 2015 Event|Difficulty System from last event]] PLEASE. It's already detailed enough.
***"Why didn't you put it here?" --> I'm a lazy fruit and I'm sure you guys can handle one more page loading.
***This time around, you will not be able to jump up the difficulty from Easy -> Hard after a map. To be able to use "Hard" setting, you must clear the previous map either on Medium or Hard itself. Only ''jumping up two difficulty levels'' is not allowed, other combinations stick to the old rules.<sup class="reference" id="cite_ref-2">[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Thread:222652#cite_note-2 [3]]</sup>

****【<span style="color:rgb(255,0,0);">BAD</span>】'''<span style="color:rgb(85,170,85);">Easy</span>''' > '''<span style="color:rgb(85,170,85);">Easy</span>''' > '''<span style="color:rgb(255,0,0);">Hard</span>''' (''not possible because easy jumped to hard'')
****【OK】'''<span style="color:rgb(85,170,85);">Easy</span>''' > '''<span style="color:rgb(221,170,102);">Medium</span>''' > '''<span style="color:rgb(255,0,0);">Hard</span>'''
****【OK】'''<span style="color:rgb(221,170,102);">Medium</span>''' > '''<span style="color:rgb(85,170,85);">Easy</span>''' > '''<span style="color:rgb(221,170,102);">Medium</span>'''
****【OK】'''<span style="color:rgb(221,170,102);">Medium</span>''' > '''<span style="color:rgb(221,170,102);">Medium</span>''' > '''<span style="color:rgb(255,0,0);">Hard</span>'''
****【OK】'''<span style="color:rgb(255,0,0);">Hard</span>''' > '''<span style="color:rgb(255,0,0);">Hard</span>''' > '''<span style="color:rgb(85,170,85);">Easy</span>'''
****【OK】'''<span style="color:rgb(255,0,0);">Hard</span>''' > '''<span style="color:rgb(255,0,0);">Hard</span>''' > '''<span style="color:rgb(221,170,102);">Medium</span>'''
**[[Combined Fleet]] (HIGH) 
**[[Fall 2014 Event|Ship lock ]] (HIGH) - http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Recent_Updates?page=2#comm-224709
**[[Fall 2013 Event|Regen bar]] (LOW, don't freak out to this)
**Aerial Combat Node:
***Can be seen in World 1-6 looking like two arrows.
***In such node, '''there will be two Air combat phase instead of one'''. There will be no shooting, therefore no shelling or torpedo phase.
----

<u>'''TIPS'''</u>

For more in-depth of mentioned TIPS - http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Thread:215873#23

<center>
'''Ships'''
</center>

A diverse fleet is your best strategy. Try to have at least 2-4 ships from every class to cover potential branching rules or combined fleet requirements. This applies to sub-class like CLT, CAV, BBV too (if possible).

[[Auxiliary Ships|Auxillary ships]] are exceptions due to them being harder to obtain but they might give you easier branching if you have them. For ship stats see [[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Ship_Maximum_Status here]].

A quicklist of ships:

*'''Aviation Heavy Cruisers (CAV)'''
** After some consideration I think they should get a special mention. CAV includes [[Mogami]], [[Mikuma]], [[Suzuya]], [[Kumano]], [[Tone]], [[Chikuma]]; are the more annoying of the bunch to get due to 5/6 of them being a pain to obtain (Mikuma LSC or high level map drop, Suzuya/Kumano low chance construct or high level map drop, Tone/Chikuma lvl 70 K2 and need Blueprint).
** However, past events have proof that they are usually a part of the 'branching rule' and it is wise to have at least 2 CAV in your stock for that case.
*Luck ships if you want to use Torpedo Cut-in
**[[Shigure]], [[Yukikaze]], [[Hatsushimo]], [[Kitakami]], [[Goya]] (yes, Goya)
***A bit lower tier luck: [[Ayanami]], [[Ushio]]


''What is the recommended ship level to participate?''

Short Answer; '''there isn't '''really any recommended ship level.

Long Answer; It's hard to answer this question because no matter what level your ship is you can still get screw over by RNG. This question will generate multiple response; either yes or no and no one really knows.

This is what you need to know about higher level ship; [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Tutorial:_FAQ#If_I_can_raise_stats_with_modernization.2C_what.27s_the_point_of_leveling_up.3F As level increases; ASW, LOS and Evasion stats will increase and also accuracy (confirmed via testing)]. 

Therefore, higher level ship will have higher chance of survivability and efficiency in battle than lower level ships. Just remember to maximize [[Modernization]] and [[Remodel]] ships that can remodel for stats and equipments.

Almost all the time, remodeling will be more beneficial to you due to better stats/performance (this includes remodeling BB to BBV) . The only two exception right now are [[Taigei]] if you think of remodeling her to Ryuuhou and [[Chitose]] or [[Chiyoda]] if you think of remodelling them to CVL; these will require some consideration because you might want to have their Submarine tender (AS) or Seaplane tender (AV) form for unexpected branching rule.

All in all, I think the easiest way to know if your fleet is ready or not is to test it out yourself in the event (such helpful comment). There's difficulty setting introduced, so use that. :v

<center>'''Equipment'''</center>

Below is a quick list of some equipment that you might want to have (just look at who has it as their stock equipment to decide if you can or want to grind for it or not). 

''Situation''

*[[Searchlight]] for Night battle
*[[Star Shell|Starshell ]] for Night battle
*<p style="margin-bottom:1em;color:rgb(0,0,0);">[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Skilled_Lookouts Skilled Lookouts] (Choukai Kai ni Equipment)</p>

**It is another night battle equipment, give more bonus in cut-ins and crits for the ship(s) equipped.

**It is suitable for low luck ship which want more cut-in chances.
*[[Type 98 Recon Seaplane (Night Scout)]] for Night battle
**I think only [[Sendai]] has this equipment. More reason to K2 her.
*[[Type 91 Anti-Aircraft Fire Director]] or [[Type 94 Anti-Aircraft Fire Director]] for [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Combat#Anti-Air_Cut-In Anti-Air Cut In] (AACI)
**[[10cm Twin High-angle Mount + Anti-Aircraft Fire Director]] are rarer. Except getting it via Akizuki you need to get it by using [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]]. For those who has it, it's pretty much gives you a Anti Air Cut in + the Twin high angle bonus so you don't need to lose one slot to equip the anti air directors.
**[[Akizuki]] can do Anti Air Cut in without the need of any equpiment with the word director. 
*[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/25mm_Triple_Autocannon_Mount_(Concentrated_Deployment) 25mm Triple Autocannon Mount (Concentrated Deployment)]
**25mm Triple + AA gun + Air Radar = AACI
**[[Maya]] only requires [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/25mm_Triple_Autocannon_Mount_(Concentrated_Deployment) 25mm Triple Autocannon Mount (Concentrated Deployment)] + high-angle mount to perform AACI (So she doesn't need the Air Radar)
*[[Type 3 Shell]] for Land-base Bosses
*[[Type 91 Armor-Piercing (AP) Shell]] & [[Type 1 Armor-Piercing (AP) Shell]] for Heavy Armor Bosses
*[[Saiun]]
**Not really needed, but if you really hate getting Red T (Crossing T with Disadvantage) it will be good (although having red T sometimes is an advantage for lower damage). See [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Combat#Engagement_Form_Modifier Engagement_Form_Modifier]  for info about what that means
** [[Type 2 Recon Aircraft]]
*** Think of it as you getting the Sauin-ish stats but without getting the bonus of 'preventing Red T', therefore you still have chances of getting Red T while having the bonus too.
***  [[Ryuujou]] kai ni and [[Souryuu|Souryuu kai ni]] stock equipment and is craftable.
*[[Drum Canister]]
**Possible that it might be used for branching rules...who knows.
If you have them (because it's not easy to get it):

*<p style="margin-bottom:1em;color:rgb(0,0,0);margin-top:0px!important;">[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Fleet_Command_Facility Fleet Command Facility] is become useful if the devs were implying [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Combined_Fleet Combined Fleet] in this event again.</p>

**Reduce retreating when (just) a ship got red rekt and save the resources in each sortie.
**Ooyodo exclusive equipment. If you don't have Ooyodo then there's no way of getting this.
*<p style="margin-bottom:1em;color:rgb(0,0,0);margin-top:0px!important;">WG42</p>

**Land base attack. 
**U-511/Ro-500 stock equipment. She was a reward for last event so if you don't have her you don't have her.

''Equipment''

These are really recommended to have especially Sonars and Depth Charge for Anti-Sub Warfare.

*[[15.5cm Triple Gun Mount (Secondary)]]
* SONARS AND DEPTH CHARGE
* RADARS!
* RECON PLANES*

----

'''For questions or if you're wondering if your fleet is prepared or not just comment below and someone might answer it.'''<ac_metadata title="[Spring 2015 Pre-Event]: Some FAQS, Tips and Q&amp;A" notify_everyone="1429905525"> </ac_metadata>