As we know, this event is insanely difficult.

It's crazy in both enemy formations (BWS even in easy mode, what the heck!) and gameplay mechanisms (7 Maps!!, boss weakening, reset timers, no CLTs allowed, you name it).

Sometimes, things doesn't go as planned, (i.e. I aimed to clear at least Medium in ever map, only to get my shiplocking plan screwed by E-3 med, and E-7 med isn't quite possible for me.) or my friend who aim to at least clear the event, only to get stuck at E-7. Of course, some of us could lost it along the way, may be their own morale, their sanity, or even worse, both.

Losing your own morale isn't quite dangerous, since you can stop, think of something for a while, wait till your fatigue has gone down a bit, and come back, but losing your sanity is far more dangerous than we expected, and it could drive us to do things we don't normally do.

For example, some guys smashed his tablet out of salty E-6, check. I myself punched the closet so hard my fist got through it out of 11 salty E-3 med last dance runs, check, or in my friend's case, he swear he'll crush down every Teruzuki that comes up in daily PVP list and whenever she become obtainable again, he'll get 2 copies of her, keep one of her, and SINK another one just to relieve his fury from this event. (Yeah, right. Kuso TTK spotted.)



So, I'd like to use this tread to let everyone share out thier saltiness, what you've faced, and how you coped with it. Since the end of this event is drawing near, I think lots of people will get more and more despair, so this thread should be useful for a number of people to keep their sanity with them and rescue Teru-chan out, or al least, help them get over it in case they aren't successful despite thier best effort. <ac_metadata title="Admiral&#039;s Morale/Sanity Replenishing board" lastmove="1449615981"> </ac_metadata>