I want to see the opinion of people regarding this event's information organization. This refers to how the information is presented; does splitting fleet report and enemy report to different thread works; should the table be collapsed at all; does the "XX (difficulty+)'' format works; and so on...''

It's just a compilation of opinion and it'll help in preparation for future event (if we're still playing it). I kinda put some of my noticeable problems in here (not elaborate yet) already but feel free to add on.

'''The Good'''
-

''-Enemy report thread and Fleet report thread''

IMO, this helps sort out the information which makes it easier for editors to come around and add the info they see fit into the table.

'''The Bad'''
-

''-The Drop table and how to define "rare"''

This is probably the #1 glaring problem and I can expect numerous comment regarding this one.

'''The "It could be better" -'''

- ''Assistance Thread?''

One thing I noticed is how people still ask for help during event regarding their fleet (not those stuffs that should be answer via reading) so maybe a thread specific to posting for help? This way they can see if there's anyone who ran into similar problem/situation as them and it'll help collect suggestions so that people won't need to say the same thing too many times. Sometimes the comment will get lost in the page too.

-'' Collapsing and Expanding default table''

The problem is pretty much discussed and solved but I'm throwing this in here just for archive. It was suggested that there's too much collapse in the table (e.g. you open the E-1 table, then the E-1 Tips table) so the solution was to leave the E-1 tips and branching as default open as they are what people look at more while leaving the drop table as default collaspe. <ac_metadata title="[Feedback] Spring 2015 Event Information Presentation" notify_everyone="1431583327" related_topics="Suggestion|Events|Spring 2015 Event|Summer 2015 Event"> </ac_metadata>