Not my idea for proposing to redesigning the event UI (User Interface) but it has been specifically requested by a select few people who were unhappy with the old interface that was created by [[User:Fujihita|Fujihita]], [[User:がか|がか]] and myself.

The old event interface was in use ever since [[Fall 2015 Event]] up until [[Spring 2016 Event]]. Since then, a few users/readers have complained about the awkward/obscured UI that prevents the likes of editing and/or it makes editing more difficult. So I am going to create this poll to get any interested parties to choose on the future of the event UI.

I intend to set a deadline for this vote on '''Monday the 25th of July 2016 at 00:00hrs JST'''. Why? we do not have enough editors to redesign event UI if and should a change is about to take place, in fact I would personally welcome more editors should they help out with event UI design. We then have to at least train regular editors (come event time) to familiarise themselves with the UI, scaffolding work as well as templates involved. These '''takes time''' along with personal preparations as well as KC wikia's preparations to go into "event mode".

If you are able to assist with event UI creation, please reply to this thread that you are interested and as well your availability to work on it. Knowledge of wikicode/HTML is almost essential here as we're quickly drawing to deadline close.

The following options are as follows - considering the fact that the poll does not allow links internally:
* Old layout (from [[Spring 2016 Event/E-6]]) onwards
* [[Thread:457768|McDerp's layout]]
* [[Sandbox/Event/E-6|Fuji's new layout - minus the stuff on the siderail as that is potentially a ToU violation]]
* Abstain.

<poll>
Whose design should we choose and employ?
Old layout (from Spring 2016 Event) onwards
McDerp's layout
Fuji's new layout - minus the stuff on the siderail as that is potentially a ToU violation
Abstain. Don't know and don't care.
</poll>  <ac_metadata title="[RFC] &quot;Event User Interface&quot; re-design/overhaul"> </ac_metadata>