Since the information under '''Future Updates''' had been growing, I decided to create a dedicated article for it, and is [[Thread:331332|being discussed with Qunow]].

If you haven't read the section, this is on the [[Recent_Updates#Future_Updates|Recent Updates article]]. It indicates possible future updates sourced from magazines such as Comtiq, Hobby Japan, etc, and interviews. The content will be transferred to a new article: [[Unofficial Sources]].

With it separated as a new article, there will be no limitations to the content and partitions that can be added. We can freely divide them into sections, and add status for each, as you can see on the existing article. It improves readability with each having its own title, instead of having to read through all texts. There will be no '''Future Updates''' collapsible on the [[Recent Updates]] page, but only a list that links to the new article.

However, we think this is not the best title for the article, for these are not totally unofficial, and also not totally official. Sometimes, there are even official tweets that fall under this, such as Shinano hints.

So we ask the community, what do you guys think would be the best title for this article?

Right now: [[Unofficial Sources]]

<poll>
Best replacement title
Rename to: Hinted Content
Rename to: Future Updates
Retain as: Unofficial Sources
Other: please specify
</poll>
(Poll will run until the next update, 25th Sept.)

If you have other suggestions, please comment, and we will kudos to vote for it.

Other suggestions:
* Potential Updates
* 

If you like one of these "other suggestions" please add kudos to its reply and will serve as it's number of votes. <ac_metadata title="[New Article] Unofficial Sources" notify_everyone="1442199672" related_topics="Unofficial Sources|Recent Updates"> </ac_metadata>