There is a new easy way to put ship graphics on a page (or forum post, comment etc.) Never wonder what an image is called ever again! 

Just type

 <nowiki>{{ShipGraphicKai|Umikaze/}}</nowiki>

<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed">and it becomes like this:<div class="mw-collapsible-content">

{{ShipGraphicKai|Umikaze/}}

</div></div>

Just like [[Template:ShipCardKai]] and [[Template:ShipBattleCardKai]], getting the damaged art is easy. Just add <code>damaged=true</code>:

 <nowiki>{{ShipGraphicKai|Umikaze/|damaged=true}}</nowiki>

<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed">which gives you this:<div class="mw-collapsible-content">

{{ShipGraphicKai|Umikaze/|damaged=true}}

</div></div>

Enemy ships work as well (no damaged forms):

 <nowiki>{{ShipGraphicKai|Air Defense Princess/}}</nowiki>

<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed">which gives you this:<div class="mw-collapsible-content">

{{ShipGraphicKai|Air Defense Princess/}}

</div></div>

For formal documentation, visit [[Template:ShipGraphicKai]].

-----

There is also a new easy way to put equipment cards on a page!

Just type

 <nowiki>{{EquipmentCardKai|Type 4 Passive Sonar}}</nowiki>

<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed">and it becomes like this:<div class="mw-collapsible-content">

{{EquipmentCardKai|Type 4 Passive Sonar}}

</div></div>

For formal documentation, visit [[Template:EquipmentCardKai]].

-----

Of course, it wouldn't be complete without a new easy way to put equipment graphics on a page!

Just type

 <nowiki>{{EquipmentGraphicKai|Type 4 Passive Sonar}}</nowiki>

<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed">and it becomes like this:<div class="mw-collapsible-content">

{{EquipmentGraphicKai|Type 4 Passive Sonar}}

</div></div>

To get fairies, add <code>fairy=true</code>:

 <nowiki>{{EquipmentGraphicKai|Type 4 Passive Sonar|fairy=true}}</nowiki>

<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed">and it becomes like this:<div class="mw-collapsible-content">

{{EquipmentGraphicKai|Type 4 Passive Sonar|fairy=true}}

</div></div>

If you reallllly like the fairies, maybe <code>fairy=only</code> is what you're looking for:

 <nowiki>{{EquipmentGraphicKai|Type 4 Passive Sonar|fairy=only}}</nowiki>

<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed">which becomes this:<div class="mw-collapsible-content">

{{EquipmentGraphicKai|Type 4 Passive Sonar|fairy=only}}

</div></div>

For formal documentation, visit [[Template:EquipmentGraphicKai]].

-----

But that's not all! Seasonal graphics have been loaded into the system! Ship CG's and cards are available via [[Template:ShipGraphicKai]] and [[Template:ShipCardKai]].

<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed">Here's a list of seasonal ship forms:<div class="mw-collapsible-content">

* Naka/Xmas
* Naka/Kai Ni Xmas
* Shigure/Kai Ni Xmas
* Ryuujou/Xmas
* Ryuujou/Kai Ni Xmas
* Sazanami/Xmas
* Akebono/Year End
* Yuudachi/Kai Ni New Year
* Akashi/New Year
* Akashi/Kai New Year
* Ooyodo/New Year
* Ooyodo/Kai New Year
* Mutsuki/Valentine
* Kisaragi/Valentine
* Murakumo/Valentine <small>No damaged versions</small>
* Shigure/Kai Ni Valentine
* Hamakaze/Valentine
* Shouhou/Rainy
* Murasame/Kai Rainy
* Takanami/Rainy
* Oboro/Summer
* Akebono/Summer
* Sazanami/Summer
* Ushio/Summer
* Ushio/Kai Ni Summer
* Shiratsuyu/Kai Summer
* Shigure/Kai Ni Summer
* Yuudachi/Kai Ni Summer
* Murasame/Kai Summer
* Tenryuu/Summer
* Tatsuta/Summer
* Akashi/Kai Summer
* Littorio/Summer
* Italia/Summer
* Oboro/Fall <small>No cards yet</small>
* Urakaze/Fall <small>No cards yet</small>
* Hamakaze/Fall <small>No cards yet</small>
* Kawakaze/Fall <small>No cards yet</small>
* Nagara/Fall <small>No cards yet</small>
* Natori/Fall <small>No cards yet</small>
* Ooyodo/Kai Fall <small>No cards yet</small>
* Jintsuu/Kai Ni Fall <small>No cards yet</small>
* Z1/Oktoberfest <small>No cards yet</small>

</div></div>

-----

Now this is alot of stuff to remember! So if you're going to remember one thing...

Remember that there is a page called [[Help:Media]]! As long as you can get there it will point you to all the templates I've introduced, and from there you can remember how to use them at any time! [[Help:Media]] also contains a directory of many other images and assets extracted from the game and uploaded on this wiki, like [[Aircraft Proficiency]] icons! So take a look! Many thanks goes to all the contributors who worked on the page.

-----

Lastly, if anything I have advertised is broken, please ''politely'' report it here and I'll fix it as soon as I can. I hope these new templates and the new help page are useful. Thank you for taking the time to read this wall of text =P<ac_metadata title="An easy way to show ship graphics, equipment cards/graphics, and a place to go to remember how to do it!" notify_everyone="1442996713"> </ac_metadata>