{{Warning
|title = Warning
|message = Commenting within this area is reserved for:
<div style="text-align:left">
* Selected potential temporary event moderator candidates.
* Chat moderators
* Moderators
* Admins
'''Any comments/remarks from general public otherwise is forbidden. Your comments will be deleted as this thread is moderated.'''
</div>
}}

Loosely basing ideas off [[Sandbox/Situation_room|this page]].

As of 03 November 2015, Kantai Collection English Wikia staffers that are able to help out for [[Fall 2015 Event]] are:
* [[User: Admiral Mikado | Admiral Mikado]]
* [[User: Dechidechi | Dechidechi]]
* [[User: SmokeyTheButt | SmokeyTheButt]]
* [[User: HandgunOtonashi | HandgunOtonashi]]
* [[User: Ar-cen-ciel | Ar-cen-ciel]]
* [[User: Crazy teitoku | Crazy teitoku]]
* [[User: Erupi | Erupi]]
* [[User: McDerp| McDerp]]
* [[User: Kevadu | Kevadu]]
* [[User: Segar | Segar]]

As is with virtually every new event, there will be new ships, equipments, CG, etc to be implemented on the wiki. Currently, two staffers are able to help out:
* [[User: Ckwng | Ckwng]]
* [[User: ưƯ | ưƯ]]
* [[User: Crazy teitoku | Crazy teitoku]]
More hands on board for this area might be beneficial.

Front runners on TeamSpeak (TS), TeamSpeak listeners and other related people are:
* [[User: ArcticaFrost | ArcticaFrost]]
* [[User: Admiral Mikado | Admiral Mikado]]
* [[User: CDRW | CDRW]]
* [[User: SmokeyTheButt | SmokeyTheButt]]
* [[User: Dechidechi | Dechidechi]]
* [[User: HandgunOtonashi | HandgunOtonashi]]
* [[User: Hossinator | Hossinator]]
* [[User: Kevadu | Kevadu]]
* [[User: Crazy teitoku | Crazy teitoku]]
* [[User: EchoHolic | EchoHolic]]
* [[User: SerialConvort | SerialConvort]]
* [[User: Nanamin | Nanamin]]
It is currently unknown at this stage if more people are needed in this field or not. Also do note that the aforementioned list does not imply all users above are necessarily front runners. Mods/admins, edit this accordingly.

At this point in time, the work on [[Sandbox/Event]] page done by:
* [[User: Fujihita | Fujihita]]
* [[User: ưƯ | ưƯ]]
* [[User: Crazy teitoku | Crazy teitoku]]
Is declared to be complete for use on [[Fall 2015 Event]] page. <s>All Kantai Collection English Wikia staffers that are able to help out for [[Fall 2015 Event]] as well as any other temporary Kantai Collection English Wikia staffers please vote on whether or not should the new layout be employed. Deadlines for voting are to be set for Saturday 7th October 2015 at 11:00 hrs JST. Please vote by responding to the thread or edit accordingly.</s>

Benefits in the new layout are as follows:
* Splitting off event maps in a bid to prevent "scroll hell".
* The use of smaller Infobox to help fill the page with more details as well as providing a glimpse of it all.
* Event maps now have interactive maps whereby readers can select individual nodes for certain information.
* Event maps are no longer using forum threads as a way to maintain enemy fleet compositions - thereby all users are able to edit the details as needed instead of relying on moderators/administrators to deal with it all. 

Once the majority has voted to use the new layout, [[Fall 2015 Event]] will be revamped into new layout. No set time frame for when and if new layout will be deployed however it is planned to be most likely done by Monday 9th October 2015 should the new layout has been given a thumbs up by the majority of '''mods/admins'''. As well, if the new layout is approved it is ideal for KC wikia staff to handle the migratory process. So again once details has been finalised please edit this accordingly.

Also we will need to either:
* Open the temporary moderator application out to the public. Or,
* Recommend suitable candidates for temporary moderator application and to have it enacted by admins. Note, suitable candidates must be available during the duration of the event and it is up to admins to have their final say on whether or not recommended candidates are suitable for this voluntary position. Or,
* Vote on a handful of already pre-selected candidates.

Other stuff I have not included here will be included perhaps later on as needed. '''Mods/admins''' if you have other things you want to include in this thread, please do so accordingly.  <ac_metadata title="Sitrep room for Fall 2015 Event." notify_everyone="1447212394" related_topics="Sandbox/Situation room"> </ac_metadata>