

<font size = "5">'''KC3KAI HAS BEEN FIXED! '''You can update it manually by enabling Developer mode and force update your Extension. If you have no idea what I just said, follow the steps here: https://github.com/KC3Kai/KC3Kai/wiki/Updating
</font>


'''For those who are in need of information. '''KC-Reddit (in name only) Discord are a good source that can help provide you with fast but uncertain information: https://discordapp.com/invite/RtSadWM

----
A lot of you (those who started the event) will notice by now that the viewers, specifically, KC3-Kai, the browser extension that majority of us in this English community used, to put in an easy to understand terms, is screwed.

To elaborate a bit, this is due mainly to the implementation of the new 7-ships fleet and the new formation (the phallic looking one), which all rooted back to API-issue. In order words, imagine you're in charge of delivering a package but the address changed overnight so now you're trying your best to salvage something but not to the optimal result.

As such, convenient tools such as '''"Battle Predictors" WILL NOT WORK'''. Additionally, Replays and Records will not act properly. '''You WILL SEE a bunch of errors showing up'''. Please understand this.

Furthermore, this also affects us, the editors/staffs who put these up as t'''he flow of information will become slower '''due to inaccessibility to easily-obtainable data, e.g. routing. As such, editing will be slower to ensure accuracy although trigger-happy mammals can still update information.

As to some other bugs that might show up:
*0 Resources if you're around hard-cap
*PvP not working properly

These should be fixed soon, hopefully.

Please understand this situation, thank you.

'''NOTE''': Just in case (some people did ask before), we do not have any affiliation with the developers who made Kantai Collection (TM). We are a bunch of volunteered <s>slaves</s> editors providing information to the English community that is kinda recognized by the JP community.   <ac_metadata title="KC-VIEWERS, Events, and you: What happened?" notify_everyone="1511018460"> </ac_metadata>