{{Warning
|title = Warning
|message = Commenting within this area is reserved for:
<div style="text-align:left">
* Selected potential temporary event moderator candidates.
* Chat moderators
* Discussion moderators/Content moderators
* Admins
'''Any comments/remarks from general public otherwise is forbidden, please comment elsewhere such as [[Suggestion]]. Your comments will be deleted as this thread is moderated.'''<br><br>
In addition to the thread being moderated, currently the information on the said page is subject to change as this was a carry over from the [[Thread:388672|previous event thread]]. [[Kancolle Wiki:Staff|Mods/admins]], please edit accordingly depending on your availability.
</div>
}}

Loosely basing ideas off [[Sandbox/Situation_room|this page]].

<tabber>Info=
As of T.B.A., [[Kancolle Wiki:Staff|Kantai Collection English Wikia staffers]] that are able to help out for [[Spring 2016 Event]] are (inconclusive list):
* [[User: Admiral Mikado | Admiral Mikado]]
* [[User: Dechidechi | Dechidechi]]
* [[User: SmokeyTheButt | SmokeyTheButt]]
* [[User: HandgunOtonashi | HandgunOtonashi]]
* [[User: Ar-cen-ciel | Ar-cen-ciel]]
* [[User: Crazy teitoku | Crazy teitoku]]
* [[User: McDerp| McDerp]]
* [[User: Kevadu | Kevadu]]
* [[User: Segar | Segar]]

As is with virtually every new event, there will be new ships, equipments, CG, etc to be implemented on the wiki. Currently, three staffers are able to help out:
* [[User: Ckwng | Ckwng]]
* [[User: がか | がか]]
* [[User: Crazy teitoku | Crazy teitoku]]
More hands on board for this area might be beneficial.

Front runners on TeamSpeak (TS), TeamSpeak listeners and other related people are:
* [[User: ArcticaFrost | ArcticaFrost]]
* [[User: Admiral Mikado | Admiral Mikado]]
* [[User: CDRW | CDRW]]
* [[User: SmokeyTheButt | SmokeyTheButt]]
* [[User: Dechidechi | Dechidechi]]
* [[User: HandgunOtonashi | HandgunOtonashi]]
* [[User: Hossinator | Hossinator]]
* [[User: Kevadu | Kevadu]]
* [[User: Crazy teitoku | Crazy teitoku]]
* [[User: EchoHolic | EchoHolic]]
* [[User: SerialConvort | SerialConvort]]
* [[User: Nanamin | Nanamin]]
* [[User: McDerp | McDerp]]
It is currently unknown at this stage if more people are needed in this field or not. Also do note that the aforementioned list does not imply all users above are necessarily front runners. [[Kancolle Wiki:Staff|Mods/admins]], edit this accordingly.

|-|Event page layout=
Currently the [[Spring 2016 Event]] page is somewhat based off the [[Winter 2016 Event|Winter 2016 Event]] made by [[User:Dragonjet|Dragonjet]] with inputs from [[User:Shinhwalee|Shinhwalee]]. No further changes has been made in connection to the previous event layout therefore the page layout appears as follows:
* [[Spring 2016 Event]]
:* [[Spring 2016 Event/Info]]
:* [[Spring 2016 Event/Mechanics]]
:* [[Guides|Spring 2016 Event/HowTo]] (''Linked to [[Guides]] page for unification and is considered essential to prevent unfamiliar players asking redundant questions'')
:* [[Spring 2016 Event/E-1]]
:** [[Spring 2016 Event/E-1/Enemy patterns]]
:* [[Spring 2016 Event/E-2]]
:** [[Spring 2016 Event/E-2/Enemy patterns]]
:* [[Spring 2016 Event/E-3]]
:** [[Spring 2016 Event/E-3/Enemy patterns]]
:* [[Spring 2016 Event/E-4]]
:** [[Spring 2016 Event/E-4/Enemy patterns]]
:* [[Spring 2016 Event/E-5]]
:** [[Spring 2016 Event/E-5/Enemy patterns]]
:* [[Spring 2016 Event/E-6]]
:** [[Spring 2016 Event/E-6/Enemy patterns]]
:* [[Spring 2016 Event/E-7]]
:** [[Spring 2016 Event/E-7/Enemy patterns]]
:* [[Spring 2016 Event/FAQ]]
...

|-|Templates=
As with previous event, [[Winter 2016 Event]], the following templates may have been employed. Therefore it might be handy for one to be familar with these amongst any other templates that are required for this event.
* [[Template:Event/Timers]]
* [[Template:Route]]

Old Templates that were used for the previous event has been noted as below:
* [[Template:DropList]]
* [[Template:ItemStack]]
* [[Template:ShipBattleCardKai]]
* [[Template:Node]]

|-|Availability=
Following from [[Thread:350785|Sitrep room for Fall 2015 Event]]:


<span style="color: #000000; background: none; overflow: hidden; page-break-after: avoid; font-size: 1.5em; font-family: Georgia,Times,serif; margin-top: 1em; margin-bottom: 0.25em; line-height: 1.3; padding: 0; border-bottom: 1px solid #AAAAAA;">Moderation status</span>
----

<div style="width:100%; border:2px solid #aa5; background:#ffc; text-align:left; margin:15px auto 20px; padding:5px;">
'''To all staff members,'''

Leave a [[Help:Signature|signature with timestamp]] next to the area(s) you're moderating. Remove your signatures when you're off duty and resign the next time you log in.</div>

Below is the listing of areas that need moderation during events. The sub-areas are sorted from highest to lowest priority. <span style="color:red">Marked in red</span> are recurring areas that will require several active moderators.

;General area
:
*Operation name - 
*Event banner -
*Status -
;Main page (Info) -
:
*[[Spring 2016 Event/Info|Infobox]] - 
*[[Spring 2016 Event/Mechanics|Mechanics]] - 
*[[Spring 2016 Event/FAQ|Important notes aka READ THIS FIRST section]] -
*<span style="color:red">Comment section (recurring)</span> - 
*Branching table FAQ (recurring) -
*Ship drops FAQ (recurring) - 
;Event pages -
:
*<s>Map banners and background images</s>
*<span style="color:red">Interactive map (recurring)</span> - [[User:Crazy_teitoku]]
*Infobox (recurring till all rewards are filled out) -
*<span style="color:red">Branching rules (recurring)</span> -
*<span style="color:red">Enemy patterns (recurring)</span> -
*<span style="color:red">Drop list (recurring)</span> -
;Forum space
: 
*[[Thread:414417|Resources comparison thread]] - 
*[[Thread:412521|Pre-event note thread]] - 
*[[Thread:FIXME|Event patch note thread]] -
*[[Thread:418690|Situation room thread (recurring)]] - 
*<span style="color:red">Fleet report threads (recurring)</span>
**[[Thread:418714|E-1]] - 
**[[Thread:418725|E-2]] - 
**[[Thread:418734|E-3]] - 
**[[Thread:418735|E-4]] - 
**[[Thread:418736|E-5]] - 
**[[Thread:421412|E-6]] -
**[[Thread:421414|E-7]] -
...
*<span style="color:red">Pattern report threads (recurring)</span>
**[[Thread:418703|E-1]] - 
**[[Thread:418706|E-2]] - 
**[[Thread:418707|E-3]] -
**[[Thread:418708|E-4]] - 
**[[Thread:418713|E-5]] - 
**[[Thread:421405|E-6]] -
**[[Thread:421408|E-7]] -
...
*[[:Board:Event_Community_Discussion|<span style="color:red">Others/general "help" threads (recurring)</span>]] -
*Review thread
;Misc.
*New ship pages and new equipment pages - [[User:Ckwng]]
**New ship voice files - [[User:がか]]
*New Abyssal ship pages and [[Enemy Vessel]] page - [[User:Ckwng]]
**New Abyssal ship voice files - 
*[[Thread:420709|[Spring 2016] Naval Intelligence Command HQ]] - 
*[[Special:Chat|<span style="color:red">Chat (recurring)</span>]] - 
*[[Thread:421660|Discord and Skype for Spring 2016 Event editors and staffers]] - ''Does not require moderation''
*[[Thread:421833|Chat Rules - Event Time Reminder]] - ''Does not require moderation''

|-|Notes=
Also we will need to either:
* Open the temporary moderator application out to the public. Or,
* Recommend suitable candidates for temporary moderator application and to have it enacted by admins. Note, suitable candidates must be available during the duration of the event and it is up to admins to have their final say on whether or not recommended candidates are suitable for this voluntary position. Or,
* Vote on a handful of already pre-selected candidates.

Other stuff I have not included here will be included perhaps later on as needed. '''[[Kancolle Wiki:Staff|Mods/admins]]''' if you have other things you want to include in this thread, please do so accordingly. 
</tabber><ac_metadata title="Sitrep room for Spring 2016 Event"> </ac_metadata>