Alright, seems like everyone in the Oct 30 update thread is too busy to see this, so I think it's a good idea to put this where it's more supposed to be.

<p style="font-weight:normal;color:rgb(0,0,0);font-size:16px;line-height:26px;">As I mentioned before the update, Iwamoto was a flight leader, and these new equipments refer to them as "小隊", which is a smaller unit then a "隊/中隊". </p>

<p style="font-weight:normal;color:rgb(0,0,0);font-size:16px;line-height:26px;">And since:</p>

<p style="font-weight:normal;color:rgb(0,0,0);font-size:16px;line-height:26px;">a. "Squad" is often (mis-)used as an abbreviation of "Squadron", while squadron is a larger (20~30 planes) unit than a "小隊"(3 planes in Iwamoto's case), this may cause ambiguity.</p>

<p style="font-weight:normal;color:rgb(0,0,0);font-size:16px;line-height:26px;">b. A "小隊", as in Iwamoto's case, consists of three aircraft, which is similar to the size of a "flight" (3~4 planes) in English.</p>

<p style="font-weight:normal;color:rgb(0,0,0);font-size:16px;line-height:26px;">So I would like to suggest that we change the English name of the equipments that involves Iwamoto and Iwai as "Zero Fighter Model 52A (w/ Iwamoto '''Flight''')" and the like.</p>

<p style="font-weight:normal;color:rgb(0,0,0);font-size:16px;line-height:26px;">Currently there are three equipments affected, the Zero M21 (w/ Iwamoto), Zero M52A (w/ Iwamoto), and Zero M52C (w/ Iwai). The Zero M53 and M62 involves a hypothetical promotion of Iwamoto and Iwai, respectively, to squadron leader, so they are not affected.</p>

<p style="font-weight:normal;color:rgb(0,0,0);font-size:16px;line-height:26px;">
</p>

<p style="font-weight:normal;color:rgb(0,0,0);font-size:16px;line-height:26px;">P.S. I also found this in the Japanese wikipedia entry of "小隊":</p>

<p style="font-weight:normal;color:rgb(0,0,0);font-size:16px;line-height:26px;"><span style="font-weight:normal;color:rgb(37,37,37);font-family:sans-serif;font-size:15.104px;line-height:24.1664px;">空軍においては、</span>'''フライト'''<span style="font-weight:normal;color:rgb(37,37,37);font-family:sans-serif;font-size:15.104px;line-height:24.1664px;">（flight）が小隊と訳されることがある。これはおおむね3機から6機の航空機によって編成されており、</span>[https://ja.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E5%A4%A7%E5%B0%89 大尉]<span style="font-weight:normal;color:rgb(37,37,37);font-family:sans-serif;font-size:15.104px;line-height:24.1664px;">が</span>[https://ja.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E6%8C%87%E6%8F%AE%E5%AE%98 指揮官]<span style="font-weight:normal;color:rgb(37,37,37);font-family:sans-serif;font-size:15.104px;line-height:24.1664px;">となる。</span></p>

<p style="font-weight:normal;color:rgb(0,0,0);font-size:16px;line-height:26px;"><span style="font-weight:normal;color:rgb(37,37,37);font-family:sans-serif;font-size:15.104px;line-height:24.1664px;">In an air force context, a "flight" in English is often translated into "小隊" in Japanese. This usually refers to a unit of 3~6 aircrafts, with a captain as its commander.</span></p>

<p style="font-weight:normal;color:rgb(0,0,0);font-size:16px;line-height:26px;margin-bottom:0px!important;"><span style="font-weight:normal;color:rgb(37,37,37);font-family:sans-serif;font-size:15.104px;line-height:24.1664px;">Well, Iwamoto was just a lieutenant, but this should prove "flight" a better translation than "squad". Squad = 小隊 more oftenly happens in a land army context.</span></p><ac_metadata title="Iwamoto/ Iwai equipment translation"> </ac_metadata>