There have been a number of duplicated and misnamed images being deleted as part of a site clean up operation.

For most of you, there won't be any direct effect to your links or image references. Most of the deleted images were redirected to a common version of the file. For those who did not receive redirect treatment, I have edited the image references in public places and contacted the users, asking them to change theirs to the correct files.

However, the operation is not flawless.
:<span style="color:red">If one of your battle cards was broken as a result, I apologize for the inconvenience and don't hesitate to file a report here</span>

;For more information about the cleanup, see the suggestion here:
http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Suggestion?page=3#comm-190635
;For a list of images to use in articles and list of affected images, see this reference page here:
[[Sandbox/Help:KanColleMedia]]

;Want to assist the cleanup?
#Report: duplicate/misnamed files that's not covered in the reference page
#Report: useful resource that can be added to the reference page
#Remove: no longer used files from posts and comments. Images without references get deleted eventually by our staff via UnusedFiles special page.
#Replace: incorrect files with the valid ones in the reference page.
#Redirect: common filename variations to the correct ones in the reference page. This ensures the existing references continue to work and prevent duplicates to be re-uploaded.
##If the file existed where a redirection should be, report file for deletion first!
#<span style="color:red">Use: the reference page, then the search function before you upload new resources</span>
#Name: newly uploaded files according to the naming conventions, or at least, try to be sensible. When in doubt, ask first.
#Report: low quality files, snipped-up images from screenshot that are not from game source. They usually have different file formats and/or faulty image size.
<ac_metadata title="[Site cleanup] Duplicate and misnamed images" notify_everyone="1429447338"> </ac_metadata>