<s>Hello everyone, Gensuihime here. I'm back to restart the move and get everyone going!
Some of you may remember that we attempted a transition off of wikia a few months ago. The previous discussion is here: http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Suggestion#comm-218128
Well, at the time I tried to move everyone too quickly and people did not have time to respond. I apologize for that, and this time we'll be moving slowly so everyone has a smooth transition. 
The reason a move was started in the first place was due to a few things that wikia wasn't being very friendly about, and the potential benefits of using a standalone website instead of a service that is commercial by core. All previous edits will be imported when moving, so that no one's edits are lost. 
By no means will this mean this wikia will be closed or modified in any way - after the dust has settled the community can decide on what exactly to do or not do. After all, the wiki is made up by many editors and is also a community project. Everyone gets a say - even if I am an admin, that doesn't mean I am in complete charge of everything. 
If you have any questions or concerns, feel free to comment here and I will answer them. I will also return to being present on wikia chat for active feedback. The move will begin on July 2nd, at 12:00 AM JST, and continue on for about 3-4 weeks, so that people will have time to get used to the new wiki and also comment on things that they like or don't like. Note that you do not have to move on that specific date. You are not inclined to move, that is purely up to you.</s>

After talking over things and gaining some advice from dragonjet, I've decided to start a Q&A before anything else. What do you expect from the new wiki, and what don't you? We have new users as well as some unanswered questions from last time. Again, we're all ears for what the community has to say, and if the community thinks some issues are unaddressed, then we can just address them. It's not a big deal. Please post your concerns and I will answer them. Your inputs will greatly help in constructing a solid plan for the up and coming transition. Expect another thread attempt afterwards, which will explain how the whole process will work throughout the transition.

The address to the new wiki is http://en.kancollewiki.net, and we also have a main page which hosts all of our sister wikis, at http://www.kancollewiki.net. Oh, and have a wonderful July!  <ac_metadata title="Wikia Move 2.0 - Getting the steam turbines rolling again"> </ac_metadata>