Hello everyone,

We are currently looking for new staff members who are enthusiastic about joining the staff team and are willing to help improve the wikia. The staff is currently looking for candidates that can fulfill the roles of either Development, Strategy or Community. For that reason, some of us will start giving training exercises to sharpen what you already posses and to prepare you for our recruitment into our staff team.

Read on in case you are interested.

==Development==
The people of development are those who develop methods, designs and tools for the editors to use on wikia. They posses programming languages and skills that can help them automate the work on wikia. Common languages used on wikia are HTML/CSS, Lua, JavaScript, PHP, Python and Ruby. This role is aimed towards the people who work in the IT sector, but fast learners are just as welcome. 

[[User:Fujihita|Fujihita]] will regularly start practical training sessions in the [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Special:Chat wikia chatroom]. The main topic of the training is understanding the fundamentals of [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/User_blog:Fujihita/Fundamentals_of_wiki_templates wikia templates], which includes how you correctly create and utilize one. During his training, you will be given a specific task from [[User:Fujihita|Fujihita]] which you need to complete. Those who show that they are capable will then be recruited into the team.

{{Clear}}
==Strategy==
This role focuses on the analytical skills and people's capability to perform logical deductions out of scenarios. The people of strategy are those who know every best setup recommendations the regular folks generally don't know about. They are people who go out of their way to discover new mechanics. They are also capable of providing excellent conclusions out of their analysis, either by testing it themselves or by analyzing existing samples. While we're generally looking for experienced players, eager fast learners who wish to prove themselves are also welcome.

[[User:Tsubakura|Tsubakura]] has provided you the following learning material, just to give everyone a general feel as to what the expectations are:
* [[Guides]]
* [https://testmoz.com/1220371 The Beginner's KC Exam]
* [https://testmoz.com/1220683 The Intermediate's KC Exam]
* [https://testmoz.com/1227097 The General Aptitudes KC Exam]
* [https://testmoz.com/1222277 The Statfag's KC Exam] (Ridiculously hard and not mandatory, you have been warned!)

Those who are completely new to this subject can choose to take the Beginner and Intermediate exam to gain a better understanding as to what the mechanics are. However, the most important ones are the General Aptitude and the Statfag's exams.
* The General Aptitude tests your knowledge and how you can properly apply it to each scenarios, which is very important as it tests your aptitude on giving advice to other people.
* The Statfag's Exam generally tests your knowledge on how the formulas are applied in-game. This game uses a lot of mathematical formulas and if you can pass this exam, it proves you are capable of understanding and maintaining the formulas that are on the wikia.

Send the results of either/both exam(s) to [[User:Tsubakura|Tsubakura]] through either his wall (preferably not) or by contacting him through discord using the following [https://discord.gg/RtSadWM link]. You will then receive a random task from him that involves you contributing something in which the community will benefit from, it will also determine whether you will be recruited or not. While there is a certain amount of leeway allowed on inaccuracy, drawing wrong conclusions based on the data provided or giving bad advice is immediately fatal.

{{Clear}}
==Community==
The community deals with the human aspect of the wikia. They do not necessarily excel in anything like the people of development or strategy, but they have the quality to promote a friendly and welcoming environment to this place. They are mainly there to answer simple questions from the users, remove harmful contents and for reverting vandalism in case it happens. Those who are more experienced with using the wikia can also assist in creating update threads and even help provide translations in case they are fluent in both Japanese and English.

The recruitment process for this one will be hidden, but feel free to contact a staff member if you want to try applying anyway. In case we think you are qualified for this role, we will approach you instead.


PS: Do not remove this highlight please, until the process is over. <ac_metadata title="We are looking for new staff members!"> </ac_metadata>