Hello everyone! First I'd wish to humbly apologize that we are holding these polls once again.

[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Thread:457770 The original poll] was meant to offer our users alternative takes on the layouts of individual event pages.
However, as you could probably see, Fujihita's layout clearly WIP and not actually intended to be presented in such a state.
More over, it seemed like an adversarial poll, this is not the case. Fujihita and I are working on these together and intended to provide our users with alternatives.
Both of our layouts utilize the same ideas, simply positioned differently. In other words, they're the same thing.
I feel that it would only be fair to have these polls again with actual, finished products instead of imbalanced choices.

We intend to set a deadline for this re-vote on '''Monday the 31th of July, 2016 at 23:59hrs JST.'''

Also, after much discussion, we have decided to drop the old layout, since the new build is just an upgrade of the old layout.
Furthermore, Fuji's layout is basically the old layout with the new scrollable interactive map and the re-organized Spring E6 content.

The following finalized options are as follows -
*[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Sandbox/Event/E-6_formatted Fujihita's layout]
*[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/User:McDerp/Sandbox/E-1 McDerp's layout]
*Abstain

<poll>
Whose design should we choose and employ?
Fujihita's layout
McDerp's layout
Abstain. Don't know and don't care.
</poll><ac_metadata title="[RE-VOTE] &quot;Event User Interface&quot; re-design/overhaul" notify_everyone="1469420399"> </ac_metadata>