先ずは、私自身の日本語は下手です、申し訳ありません。この日本語版を見る皆さんへ、自動翻訳サービス（例：グーグル翻訳やピングー翻訳や等）を使っていません。ご注意下さい。私は「Crazy teitoku」と申します、ツイッターのアカウントは「@tuxsavvy」と申します。

1) 背景情報
8月21日に検証wiki共同メンバーと英wikia共同メンバーを協力関係について初めてミーティングを持ちました。関係共同メンバー及び関係共同メンバーの役職についてはこれを見て下さい：
検証wikiaのメンバー：<br>
＊びいかめ氏（共同代表、引退しました）、<br>
＊ウィル氏（共同代表、引退しました）、<br>
＊Ki_puzzle氏（現代表？、引退します）、<br>
＊夢路氏（役員？引退しました）<br>
英wikiaのメンバー：<br>
＊jasperchua99氏 (英wikiaのdiscordの創立者、英wikiaのコンテンツ・モデレーター）、<br>
＊がか氏（英wikiaの運営担当およびビューロクラット）、<br>
＊御門（提督）氏（通訳担当、英wikiaのアドミン）、<br>
＊私（通訳補佐、英wikiaのアドミン）<br>
会議はdiscordで行われました、特に非公開グループチャットと非公開チャンネルにおいて。

2) 目標とその後の経過について
検証wikiからの共同代表と役員、および英wikiのメンバーはdiscordでミーティングを行っていました。最初のアプローチは検証wiki共同メンバーによって行われました。当初の計画では英wikiの設計を使い、検証wikiを攻略wikiのような完全なwikiにリフォームする予定でした。先ずは通常海域（例：鎮守府海域や、南西諸島海域や、北方海域等）を初めに作ります。後で、イベント海域を作るつもりでした。英wikiの海域などのデータ（例：艦娘や、装備や、その他のデータ）を使う予定でした。
しかし、目標はデータ等をそのまま移植するだけではなく、英wikiの財産を翻訳することで、日本人のためにわかりやすい日本語のwikiを作るつもりでした。最終的な目標は、英wikiのデザインをもとに独自のwikiを作ることにありました。
この協力関係は公式のものではありませんでした。というのも、計画について話し合う途中に検証wikiでの内部紛争が発生したからです。検証wikiの内部紛争については非公開チャンネルとツイッターからある程度は理解しています。
<br><br>
検証wikiのメンバーと英wikiのメンバーの協力のもと、検証wikiでの作業は既に始まっていました。しかし、同時に初秋イベントが始まったため、検証wikiでの作業の進捗状況は一時的に止まりました。双方ともにやるべきことで手が一杯でした（新しいイベント情報の整理、イベントの進行、およびその他諸々の雑務もありました）。最終的に「翻訳と検証wikiでの作業を一時的に停止しましょう」と検証wikiのメンバーが提案しました。この原因は検証wikiの内部紛争にありましたので、内部紛争の解決が優先されました。
<br><br>
検証wikiのメンバー間の内部紛争と検証wikiが解散する前の時点で沈黙の瞬間が山ほどありました。「一体何が起こっているのだろう」と私たち英wikiのメンバーは考えていました。大まかな原因は知っていますが、詳しくはわかりませんでしたから、本当の原因は何だろうとたくさん思索しました。
<br><br>
3) 後処理と現時点での考え
英wikiでの連絡、通信や翻訳を担当している人はびいかめ氏から「この協力関係を解消して下さい」とのメッセージを受け取りました。ウィル氏も同様の考えでした。理由は「翻訳に割ける人員がいないこと、また組織を縮小すること」でした。
<br><br>
検証wikiと英wikiの協力関係中に実際何があったかどうか、そして検証wikiの内部で何が起こっていたか、今でも、はっきり確認できていません。しかし、全ての英語の艦これSNS/Wikiサービス（英艦これRedditと、英艦これWiki、と英wikia）はこの協力関係には興味が津々でした。ですから、今でも一緒に協力してくれる日本人を探しています。そもそも「艦これ」は日本人のためのゲーム、そして日本語で作られているゲームです。ですから日本人と一緒に協力するのは最高だと考えています。
<br><br>
検証wikiの内部紛争についてもっと情報を集めるまで、「協力関係を完全に解消します」とは私自身言いたくはありません。明言しておきますが、私たちは検証wikiの内部紛争には関わっていません。ですから、内部紛争と関わりなく、今も検証を続けている人たちと対話したい、そして理解したいと考えています。現状はこの協力関係はあくまでも一時的な解消です。私たちは新たな対立を引き起こすことは望んでいません。あくまでも慎重にアプローチをしたいと思っています。
<br><br>
ずっと前から私は英語と日本語の艦これコミュニティを結び付けたいと思っています。でも今日まだそれは「緊張をほぐす」程度の段階のような気がします。あまり日本語でコミュニケートできませんし、ポリシーの違いもあります。ですから、今はまだ傍観者でいようと思っています。ブロークンな日本語で意見を言おうとは考えていません。
<br><br>
この日本語版は匿名の日本語話者によって編集されています。
<br><br>
'''Formal announcement to (temporarily) discontinue the collaboration with Kensho wikia (ja.kancolle.wikia.com):'''

First and foremost, I have to apologise with my crap Japanese. Those of you reading only my Japanese version of the announcement, please be aware that I am not using machine translation tools (Google Translate, Bing Translate, etc). I am Crazy teitoku, also known as "@tuxsavvy" on twitter.

1) Background information
On August 21st there was a meeting between Kensho wikia members amongst the select few staff members from English Kancolle wikia. The members and their roles are as follows:
Representing Kensho wikia:
* biikame (co-chairperson, retired),
* Willlain (co-chairperson, retired),
* Ki_puzzle (co-chairperson, current but retiring),
* yumeji (member of the board?, retired)
Representing English Kancolle wikia:
* jasperchua99 (founder of English KC wikia Discord, content moderator),
* gk (Responsible for English KC wikia operations, sole bureaucrat),
* Admiral Mikado (Interpreter, admin on English KC wikia),
* myself (Crazy teitoku, lesser translator, admin on English KC wikia)
The discussion happened in Discord, mostly in private areas such as group direct messages and private channel.

2) Proposals and visible changes
Kensho wikia co-chairpeople along with members of their board members approached us on KC wikia via the Discord server initially with the intention to use English KC wikia's layout as a base to transform their Kensho wikia into a full-fledge wiki (similar to Kouryaku wiki). Starting off with the regular world maps but with intentions to also focus on event maps and other existing assets (such as ship girls, equipment, etc) that English KC wikia has.
This is not just a simple affair of copy and pasting English contents onto Kensho wikia as-is but the intention was to translate into Japanese so that Japanese readers can understand the content.

The collaboration was not deemed official as the proposed changes has not been fully made and that there were internal disputes within Kensho wikia as was later revealed in both the private chat on Discord as well as twitter.

A few of the members from both sides has been involved in laying the initial stages on the Kensho wikia but because Early Fall 2018 Event was underway it was difficult to concurrently handle several tasks at once (updating wiki with event information, dealing with the actual event, etc) from both sides. Ultimately Kensho wikia members decided to temporarily halt their translation operation on their side and to deal with internal disputes as a priority before continuing on.

There were several moments of where the communication between the two parties were quiet including the time when Kensho wikia members were to deal with the internal disputes leading up to disbanding what was then the representatives from Kensho wikia's side. On English Kancolle wikia side, not a lot of information was known on what was happening in Kensho wikia's side during those quiet times however there were speculations on what may have happened.

3) Aftermath and final thoughts
biikame from Kensho wikia who has been communicating in both Japanese and English with members of private group chat decided to formally announce the discontinuation in the translation project citing the lack of members available along with scaling back of their operations.

What wasn't and hasn't been made clear to this day was exactly what had happened internally during the informal collaboration between the two wikis. At the time there were hype from mostly the English KC platform (consisting of primarily KC Reddit, EN KC wiki and KC wikia) that we were able to be able to work with Japanese and to build a bridge with them considering afterall KC is a Japanese game. 

Personally, I was hoping to be able to continue working with members of the Japanese KC side and consider this discontinuation as temporary until more information can be gathered on exactly what had happened. A few members has been wanting to salvage what was then the Kensho community but to my knowledge they are not involved with commenting directly on the now disbanded Kensho wikia's forums. Those of us who still wants to salvage the members are doing so via a more cautious approach that doesn't involve open confrontation and being ignorant on the whole issue. 

To this day, I have been keenly wishing that the English KC community could be able to break the ice between the Japanese KC community however it has been very tough despite not being able to communicate in Japanese and not agreeing with some of their policies. I continue to observe their proceedings and wish to not be loud as to announce with my broken Japanese.

The Japanese version of this announcement was proofread by an anonymous proofreader.<ac_metadata title="英wikiaと検証wikiaの協力関係を（一時的に）解消することについてのお知らせ/Formal announcement to (temporarily) discontinue the collaboration with Kensho wikia (ja.kancoll"> </ac_metadata>