Quite many of the staffers already know I've been pushing for a new layout for individual event map pages, since we've had considerable time to work on them last event.

My proposed new layout would be the following: <br/> http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/User:McDerp/Sandbox/E-1

Compared to the old one: <br/>
http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Spring_2016_Event/E-6

The primary aim is to reduce scroll time and to improve upon aesthetics and general outlook. The old layout was originally quite adequate, but due to the large amount of new content and '''unpredictable event conditions''' plus "growing battlefield demands", many have deemed it unsuitable as it originally was.

So, in order to outline the priorities of this new layout:
* '''Reduce page length''', the information you want can now be opted in by hitting [Expand] instead of having everything blown out at you on the get go. I value the ability to be given '''options.''' ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) 
* '''Aesthetics''', I've put the rewards into a more prominent position among other things.
* '''Free space''', the white space underneath the Table of Contents and to the left of the Infobox is a kind of whiteboard for pinned information, such as:
** Vital information related to the map. Yes, you might have to repeat "This is a Combined Fleet Map a couple of times before it sinks into people.
** Emergency notifications such as potential bugs encountered during these maps
** Changes to the Map, such as a rare Limited-time shipgirl made available, such as [[Yahagi]] many years back during her initial introduction. 
*** Or a Re-class Flagship Kai 9001 added somewhere on the map #thankstanaka, we need to be flexible, and something like this is definately need-to-know
** Other vital need-to-know information, they should be selected carefully, while less important information should be left to the Tips or Trivia section.

As I personally worked on numerous of these pages I've decided to personally address its shortcomings I noticed within them and criticism from other users as I worked on them last event. I've had the freedom to re-organize some of the code a little bit for ease of editing behind the source editor, mostly related to the Rewards, which was a jumbled mess in the original Infobox form.

I've incorporated layouts from previous event pages based on user and staff feedback. Most notably drawing inspiration from Summer 2015 Event's Event Maps: http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Sandbox/Event/E-1
http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Summer_2015_Event#Event_Maps

The immediate criticism I recall as of right now about my current proposed layout is:

* Instead of scrolling, now people would have to click more

* Reward box is too big
** Reward icons are too big
** reward info is useful but not important. they can be smaller (e.g. without text )
** Rewards should be re-implemented back into the Infobox


* Too much blank space to the left of the Infobox and under the Table of Contents
** Table of Contents is unnecessary

Please note these are not all the issues I've encountered. So far this layout proposal of mine has been jumbled back and forth without any action taken that I've already forgotten a majority of the criticism levelled against it. I mean to take action now before it gets lost somewhere in bureaucratic proceedings. As of the time I am writing this we are encountering wikia wide glitches in many of our scripts and our newer active staffers have their hands full.

Anyway, my counters towards the previous criticisms are the following:

''' Instead of scrolling, now people would have to click more.''' <br/> 
As I mentioned above, having the option to choose what content is given to you is better than having everything thrown at you and then you'd have to sort through the sea of information.

''' Reward box is too big''' <br/>
I had to make use of the rest of the horizontal spacing anyway. Putting them back into the Infobox would make the page look less aesthetically pleasing. If I were an advertisement designer, this is how I'd do it.

''' Reward icons are too big''' <br/>
Making them smaller would make the new equipment icons a bit too small, you'd need a magnifying glass to recognize them. I chose this size out of preference, however, I suppose things such as screws or medals could be smaller.

'''reward info is useful but not important. they can be smaller (e.g. without text )''' <br/>
Maybe, but how would people know what they are? A picture can speak a thousand words, but if done incorrectly, they can present a thousand questions.

'''Rewards should be re-implemented back into the Infobox''' <br/>
´\_(ツ)_/`

'''Too much blank space to the left of the Infobox and under the Table of Contents''' <br/>
The blank space is quite blank right now since there was not much VITAL information present on this page. The same can not be said in the future, thus I reserved a set amount of space there in case we have a need to pin anything there, for example a [[Battleship Re-Class]] x6 appearing in the North Route if you choose to go 3CLT.

'''Table of Contents is unnecessary''' <br/>
I disagree, since it is highly informative and can give you a general understanding of what to expect on the page on its contents before you go search of it, similar to how a text book has a Table of Contents as a requirement.

'''NOTE:''' This proposal is related to INDIVIDUAL event map pages only, which are subordinated to the main event page under tabviewer like the previous event. The general Event page will remain the same.

Anyway, without further ado. Go [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Thread:457770 here] to vote.

You can leave a message here to provide feedback, so I can have some direction to go forward to, otherwise we get stalled once more, and there has been plenty of stalling already, month long stalling.

Thank you for reading, <br/>
'''-McSakusen''' <ac_metadata title="Proposal for a new layout for individual event map pages."> </ac_metadata>