Hey everyone, I'm posting this to remind people that during the event, the [[Special:Chat|Wikia Chatroom]] will be enforcing certain rules to ensure that the chat will be a conductive place for all relevant Event discussions and information. These rules will be enforced immediately at '''1100 JST, 2nd May 2016''' and will end when the Event ends.

We are expecting chat to have a population of at least 100+ during the start of the event and a 50-60 constant, so please work with us chat moderators and abide by the rules.

<h3>Rules:</h3>
* Absolutely '''NO''' off-topic discussion. 
** This applies especially to World of Warships to prevent confusion.
** If you must talk to someone else on chat about something unrelated to Kancolle or Wikia matters, you can send them a Private Message.

* No Spamming.
** This is obvious.
** Additionally I advise not breaking up sentences into multiple chat messages, as it might get buried during high chat traffic periods.

* No Raging or Venting.
** We have Salt Threads for this purpose. Shouting in all-caps in chat does not help your RNG.

* Do '''NOT''' use large emoticons.

* Refrain from spamming image links.
** You '''can''' still post images, just be sure to keep it in check.

* No one other than translators or moderators will be allowed to post the JP patch notes.
** This is to prevent people racing to copy-paste the same thing multiple times.
** Please wait patiently for our translators to produce a reliable translation.

* We will not entertain people who ask to evaluate their fleet status in chat.
** Please redirect the question to the Event Preparedness thread in the forums, or create a new thread requesting help.
** Requesting for help with a map fleet composition and equipment loadouts is ok, but dumping your ship list in chat is not.

*Likewise, if a situation is judged to be a detriment to chat health, all active moderators reserve the right to enact their authority and power to deal with/defuse the situation, regardless if rules were not broken.

*[[Kancolle_Wiki:Policy]] applies within the chat.

*We reserve the right to change these rules at any time.


Anyone found in violation of the Event Chat rules will be kicked '''once''' as a warning, and then subsequently banned for '''10 minutes''', and up to a maximum of '''1 hour''' for repeated violations.

-

<h3>Regarding the Chat Bot, "Yuki"</h3>
Additionally, during the event, '''Yuki''', or [[User:KancolleChatlogger]] will be switched over to '''Event Mode''', where she will no longer respond to game requests like RPS or Roulette, among other things.

-

'''Good Luck, and Happy Salting!'''<ac_metadata title="Chat Rules - Event Time Reminder" notify_everyone="1462140236"> </ac_metadata>