Hi,

I hear that you (or some of you) have decided to go ahead with the fork of this wikia.

We've seen this happen quite a few times now, so have some standard rules to make things go more smoothly.  The key elements to this are that we don't allow Wikia to be used to advertise other wikis, and everyone has a choice whether to go or stay.

So here's the standard list:

*Please do not link to your new wiki on the main page of the Wikia version. 
*Please make sure that any messaging in blogs or other discussions clearly says that people have a choice to move with you or to stay
*Please do not post to users' message walls with messages about the fork. We look on this just as you would have if someone came here in the past, and started leaving mass messages about their site on the wikia.
*Please do not try to delete pages, change fundamental elements of the site, or otherwise damage the content. The wikia should be left intact and available for future editors to use.
*Please do not use the wikia to promote your new fork. This includes templates, notices or URLs on pages other than the original conversation or announcement.

One thing that will have to be considered is the status of the admins who choose to leave.  The problem is that those who go to the new wiki will naturally want that site to be the best Kantai Collection Wiki is existence (and fair enough of course).  But they cannot do that, and also work to make ''this'' site the best Kantai Collection wiki in existence - and that's a key aspect of being an admin here.  It's a clear conflict of interest, and I don't think I have ever seen it go well.

So while it's possible for editors to choose to edit on both sites, I ask admins to decide which of the two is their primary home, and keep their rights to that wiki only.

And for those who choose to stay, it's good to have you still with us :)  Please let me know if I can help in any way as we go through this difficult situation. <ac_metadata title="Forking details" notify_everyone="1428947739"> </ac_metadata>