Hello everyone,

I'll first start with the [[Expedition]] page.

The Expedition page has good information explained in detail, but it feels lacking right now because there are no pointers or recommendations by best practice. While the page has all the information, there is simply nothing there to point a newbie to the right direction, meaning they will have to sort it out themselves. Even worse, most people will probably fall into the trap of just simply blindly following those red numbers displayed at [[Expedition/Reference tables]], while not realizing that those impressive numbers doesn't account for the expedition costs.(like how I did)

There's nothing wrong with the current information, the issue I'm having is that it still feels incomplete. Which is why I would like to add the following:

Create another table that filters out all the useless expeditions, expeditions you will never run outside quests. The new table should list the income per run and the hourly yield with the expedition costs subtracted. The sparkling costs will be deducted as well from the hourly yield of Great Successes. After that, a quick summary should be given on the recommended expeditions one should run based on facts. This page should be powerful and simple in delivering the message and should not be a wall of texts and research.

After creating the above, I had 2 places in mind where this could be implemented:

1. The [[Expedition]] page as another tab

2. The Tutorial section



Let me know what you guys think about this idea.

EDIT: The prototype can be found through the following link: http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Sandbox/Expedition_Guidelines

It probably isn't ready yet, but it has the statistics which show the time efficiency of the expeditions. (Thanks がか)<ac_metadata title="Wikia modernization: Advanced expedition table"> </ac_metadata>