Around October, a certain staff member who was running the public discord went rogue, doing very bad things, all of which has now been known as the TLBA incident. Although the incident has been resolved, what was known as the Public Wikia Discord was reduced to rubble and ruins. Seasons have passed, cicadas were crying and kuso's were busy sinking their ships, but today, we proudly announce that the Public Wikia Discord has finally been restored to fully functional conditions and will open up once again!

==So, what changed?==
The first thing we did was get rid of the discord partnership, as the perks did not help us at all and it only caused more trouble than it was worth. As a result, we are able to provide a more relaxed stance on the rules as well as increase the tolerance level. To give an example, images that might have been classified as NSFW under the old guidelines might no longer be banned under the new ones (it's not a porn galore though, mind you).

As part of the restoration, we have assembled a new team of moderators to help us out with this project. Some are familiar, some are newfaces, but they all share the same excitement in wanting to work together with the community in order to create a fun place for us admirals to enjoy. Also, there won't be a second TLBA, <s>or at least we hope so</s>. :>

Unlike its previous incarnation, this server will start at a much smaller scale. The current server consists of the following:
* Announcement channels to provide you with the latest dev tweets and the announcements the Wikia staff wants to make to the community.
* A lounge for your everyday discussions.
* An art corner, for you know, art.
* A dedicated channel for Wikia related support.
* Channels for providing suggestions or ideas to improve the server/wikia.
As time passes and the server grows though, we will slowly expand and build upon the suggestions the community provides us with in order for us all to feel home here.

If any of the above piqued your interests, don't wait and join right away using the following discord link:
https://discord.gg/HT32GFQ<ac_metadata title="The Public Wikia Discord has been re-opened!"> </ac_metadata>