'''UPDATE:''' As of approximately 11 hours since the issue(s) surfaced, it appears they have already been addressed to. Should you still have issues with the page, it is advisable to try appending the words "?action=purge" (without quotes) to the end of the address for the page that you have issues with. For instance:
  http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Spring_2016_Event
Becomes
  http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Spring_2016_Event?action=purge

Thank you for your attention to this matter.

''The following below is the old message for this forum thread. It is kept for archival purposes.''

Dear our lovely, adamant, magnificent and enthusiastic Kancolle Wikia community. As some of you may notice Wikia is currently acting weird again. To put in Lay-man's term it is "fucked to crisp". In other words, something is wrong and it's not our fault. 

Current noticeable problems are:

*[[Thread:437392|Voice files acting weird]]
*Tabbers not working properly (please don't blame any editors for now)
*I became a sexy 4.20 m (for Iowas: 13.7795 ft but that sounds stupid) melon.

Also
* Anon. IPs
* Back to top button
* Image tooltips
* Countdowns
* Drop list details

"ADDED GAKA's STUFFS"

Basically nothing from [[MediaWiki:Common.js]] (not the first time this happens anyway).

<span style="font-weight:normal;">Just keep calm, carry on and before you know it the problem will be fixed after they come back from their Subway break.</span> <ac_metadata title="[14/5/16] Current Problem with the Wikia - Tabbers, Voice files, etc."> </ac_metadata>