__NOTOC__
<center>'''HEAVY WIP'''<br>

'''Contributers:''' [[User:がか|がか]], [[User:Kruss|Kruss]], [[User:Tibo442|Tibo442]], [[User:Alephnaught27|Alephnaught27]]
</center>
Stuff about Kancolle Kai for PSVita.<br>
Planning to update (with the power of datamining) branching, maps, banners, enemy patterns, drop lists and write guides for each map.


===Part 1 : Branching rules===
<s>Branching rules written by using [https://github.com/rsghost/kancolle-kai-decompile-source/blob/master/Server_Controllers/MapBranchResult.cs this] as source.</s><br>
'''Progress :''' <span style="color:green;">'''Done!'''</span> 

===Part 2 : Maps===
<s>Pics and banners mined from game. Editing on PS to add node types, letters etc.</s><br>
'''Progress :''' <span style="color:green;">'''Done!'''</span> 

===Part 3 : Enemy patterns===
<s>All enemy patterns in some big table for each map (not sorted).<br>
Afterwards, sorting by difficulty. Respectively : 丁(easy), 丙(normal), 乙(hard), 甲(very hard), 史(historical).<br>
Made a brainded script to do all of this automatically, should be able to upload them all directly sorted.<br>
However, note that some node letters may not correspond for some maps if devs fucked up the code.</s><br>
'''Progress :''' <span style="color:green;">'''Done!'''</span> 

===Part 3.5: Fixing the node letters that need fixing===
<s>Enemy patterns with fucked up node letters : 1-2, 1-3, 1-4, 2-4, 5-7(CA), 7-1, 7-2, 7-3, 7-4, 9-2, 9-3, 11-1, 11-2, 11-3, 11-4.</s><br>
'''Progress :''' <span style="color:green;">'''Done!'''</span> 

===Part 4: Complementary info===
<s>Strategy info, title of each map, conditions to unlock X area, HQ exp received per map etc. </s> <br>
'''Progress :''' <span style="color:green;">'''Done!'''</span> 

Todo: info about transport conveys.

===Part 5 : Guides===
How3KCKai for each map. No promise of spoonfeeding, will put the bare minimum info to help clearing each map.

{| class="wikitable mw-collapsible"
|-
! colspan=6 style="text-align:center;" |Progress
|-
|<s>Area 1</s>
|<s>Area 2</s>
|<s>Area 3</s>
|<s>Area 4</s>
|<s>Area 5</s>
!Area 6
|-
!Area 7
!Area 8
!Area 9
!Area 10
!Area 11
!Area 12
|-
!Area 13
!Area 14
!Area 15
!Area 16
!Area 17
|}

===Part 6 : Drops===
<s>Maybe some day... and it's actually done now.</s> <br>
'''Progress :''' <span style="color:green;">'''Done!'''</span> 

Todo: mark S rank only drops.


===Work so far ===
Check the portal to go to each area's subpage.<br>
{{VitaAreaPortal}}