=== Aviation Battleship (BBV) ===
'''Note:'''
* Basically Battleship with additional equipment possible
* Can equip {{Seaplane}}Bombers for Aerial Combat, {{Autogyro}}Autogyro for anti-submarine attack
* [[Overweight Penalty and Fit Gun Bonus|Fit gun mechanics]] are drastically different on battleships in the sense that aside from bonuses, there are also penalties included for using overweight guns. Each ship class also have their own set of guns that are fit and overweight, check out [[Overweight Penalty and Fit Gun Bonus|this page]] for more information regarding this.
* Each equipment slot have their own size, make sure you make the most of it by equipping {{Seaplane}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Seaplane#Seaplane_Bombers Seaplane Bombers] on the largest slot sizes.

'''Points for equipment selection:'''
* Can you utilize artillery spotting?
* Do you want a Double Attack or a Cut In during day?
* Are you fighting against an installation?
* Are carriers not available and you still need to establish [[Aerial Combat|air superiority]]?
* Do you want to be able to attack submarines?

{| style="width:700px;" class="wikitable mw-collapsible"
|-
! colspan="5" |Setups
|-
! scope="col"|Role
! scope="col"|Equipment #1
! scope="col"|Equipment #2
! scope="col"|Equipment #3
! scope="col"|Equipment #4
|-
|Standard
|{{RedGunHeavy}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Main_Guns_by_stats#Heavy_Guns Main]
|{{RedGunHeavy}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Main_Guns_by_stats#Heavy_Guns Main]
|{{RedAmmo}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Shells_by_stats#Armor_Piercing_Shells {{Tooltip|AP Shell|Armor Piercing Shell}}]
|{{Seaplane}}[[Seaplane]]
|-
|Standard Double Attack
|{{RedGunHeavy}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Main_Guns_by_stats#Heavy_Guns Main]
|{{RedGunHeavy}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Main_Guns_by_stats#Heavy_Guns Main]
|{{Seaplane}}[[Seaplane]]
|'''Wildcard'''
|-
|Anti-Installation Night Focus
|{{RedGunHeavy}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Main_Guns_by_stats#Heavy_Guns Main]
|{{RedGunHeavy}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Main_Guns_by_stats#Heavy_Guns Main]
|{{GreenAmmo}}'''OR'''{{WG42}}
|{{WG42}}[[WG42]]
|-
|Seaplane Bomber Mule
|{{Seaplane}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Seaplane#Seaplane_Bombers Bomber]
|{{Seaplane}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Seaplane#Seaplane_Bombers Bomber]
|{{Seaplane}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Seaplane#Seaplane_Bombers Bomber]
|{{Seaplane}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Seaplane#Seaplane_Bombers Bomber]
|-
|Seaplane Fighter Setup
|{{RedGunHeavy}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Main_Guns_by_stats#Heavy_Guns Main]
|{{RedGunHeavy}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Main_Guns_by_stats#Heavy_Guns Main]
|{{Seaplane Fighter}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Seaplanes_by_stats#Seaplane_Fighters Fighter]
|{{Seaplane Fighter}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Seaplanes_by_stats#Seaplane_Fighters Fighter]
|}


====Standard====
*{{RedGunHeavy}}Main Gun x2 +{{Seaplane}}[[Seaplane]] + {{RedAmmo}} AP Shell
* The most used setup for battleships that allow both day cut-in and double attack.
* Base {{Firepower}} is excellent and also allows a decent night double attack.
* With two special attack types available, artillery spotting will have a higher activation rate.
* Cut-in (150% modifier) is useful against high armor enemies
* Also effective when facing Hard [[Installation]] targets.
* Using a {{Seaplane}}Bomber can help you reach [[Aerial Combat|air superiority]].
** If equipped with a seaplane bomber, your BBV will prioritize attacking enemy submarines. If this is not desired, switch to a {{Seaplane}}Recon instead.


====Standard Double Attack====
*{{RedGunHeavy}}Main Gun x2 +{{Seaplane}}[[Seaplane]] + '''Wildcard'''
* Allows both day and night double attack
* Utilize the wildcard depending on what you need
** {{GreenAmmo}}[[Type 3 Shell|Type 3]] is to increase damage against soft [[Installation|installation-type]] enemies.
** {{WG42}}[[WG42]] is to increase damage against [[Installation]] who are weak against it.
** {{Seaplane}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Seaplane#Seaplane_Fighters Fighters] if you need some support in establishing [[Aerial Combat|air superiority]].
** {{Seaplane}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Seaplane#Seaplane_Bombers Bombers] if you need some support in establishing [[Aerial Combat|air superiority]] while also being able to carry out pre-emptive bombing.
** {{Radar}}[[Radar]] and {{Seaplane}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Seaplanes_by_stats#Reconnaissance_Seaplanes Recon] are alternatives if the other equipments does not fit your requirements for whatever reason.


====Anti-Installation Night Focus====
*{{RedGunMedium}}Main Gun x2 + {{GreenAmmo}}[[Type 3 Shell|Type 3]] '''OR''' {{WG42}}[[WG42]] + {{WG42}}[[WG42]]
* Unlike CAVs, BBV have very high {{Firepower}} and are easily capable of reaching damage cap with one or another. Use this setup only if you are dealing with a [[Installation|hybrid installation type]] and you cannot reliably hit the damage cap without utilizing both slots for anti-installation purposes '''OR''' [[Artillery Spotting]] is not available for you.
* Use {{GreenAmmo}} or {{WG42}} depending on the weakness of the enemy [[Installation]]. Do not stack {{GreenAmmo}}[[Type 3 Shell|Type 3]] as the bonuses do not stack.
** Multiple {{WG42}}[[WG42]] does stack, but each extra giving decremented bonuses.


====Seaplane Bomber Mule====
*{{Seaplane}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Seaplane#Seaplane_Bombers Seaplane Bomber] x4
* Pure {{Seaplane}}Bomber focus, no special attacks during day or night.
* Usage is extremely situational and restricted to circumstances where you can only use BBVs in a map full of submarines or if for some reason, having a {{Seaplane}}Bomber mule is much preferred than being able to do double attacks.
* It is perfectly possible to replace {{Seaplane}}Bombers with {{Autogyro}}[[Ka Type Observation Autogyro|Autogyro]] if your goal is only ASW related.


====Seaplane Fighter Setup====
*{{RedGunHeavy}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Main_Guns_by_stats#Medium_Guns Main] x2 + {{Seaplane Fighter}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Seaplanes_by_stats#Seaplane_Fighters Fighter] x2
* Allows you to establish [[Aerial Combat|air superiority]] with BBV while retaining double attack during night.
* This is an important setup to utilize if carriers/CAV are not available and you want to establish [[Aerial Combat|air superiority]].
* Keep in mind that this setup does not allow [[Artillery Spotting]], which is a big prize to pay for a battleship.
**In case you still want to be able to perform [[Artillery Spotting]] with your ship, consider replacing a {{Seaplane}}Fighter with a {{Seaplane}}Bomber or {{Seaplane}}Recon instead.