=== (Fast)Battleship ((F)BB) ===
'''Note:'''
* BB have high firepower and use main guns to attack enemy ships.
* Day battle attack power cap can be reached easily with most battleships.
** The day damage softcap is 150. As most battleships can easily reach this cap, it is preferrable to focus on {{Hit}} stats instead.
* Can use artillery spotting to further increase attack.([[Aerial Combat|Air superiority required]])
** [[Artillery Spotting]] is a postcap multiplier that ignores the damage softcap. This allows you to deal even more damage during the day.
* [[Overweight Penalty and Fit Gun Bonus|Fit gun mechanics]] are drastically different on battleships in the sense that aside from bonuses, there are also penalties included for using overweight guns. Each ship class also have their own set of guns that are fit and overweight, check out [[Overweight Penalty and Fit Gun Bonus|this page]] for more information regarding this.
* Cannot attack submarines, even if you have {{Seaplane}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Seaplane#Seaplane_Bombers Bombers] equipped.
* Can equip {{RedAmmo}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Shells_by_stats#Armor_Piercing_Shells {{Tooltip|AP Shell|Armor Piercing Shell}}]
* The {{ShipLink|Italia|Roma Kai|text=V.V. Class Kai|link_class=Vittorio Veneto}}, {{ShipLink|Nagato Kai|Mutsu Kai|text=Nagato class Kai|link_class=Nagato}} and {{ShipLink|Yamato Kai|Musashi Kai|text=Yamato class Kai|link_class=Yamato}} are capable of carrying {{Seaplane}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Seaplane#Seaplane_Fighters Fighters]
* Only {{ShipLink|Italia}} and {{ShipLink|Roma Kai}} are capable of equipping {{Seaplane}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Seaplane#Seaplane_Bombers Bombers].
** Because of their poor slots, you are not recommended to use any {{Seaplane}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Seaplane#Seaplane_Bombers Bombers].

'''Points for equipment selection:'''
* Can you utilize artillery spotting?
* Do you want a Double Attack or a Cut In during day?
* Are you fighting against an installation?

{| style="width:700px;" class="wikitable mw-collapsible"
|-
! colspan="5" |Setups
|-
! scope="col"|Role
! scope="col"|Equipment #1
! scope="col"|Equipment #2
! scope="col"|Equipment #3
! scope="col"|Equipment #4
|-
|Standard
|{{RedGunHeavy}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Main_Guns_by_stats#Heavy_Guns Main]
|{{RedGunHeavy}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Main_Guns_by_stats#Heavy_Guns Main]
|{{Seaplane}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Seaplanes_by_stats#Reconnaissance_Seaplanes Recon]
|{{RedAmmo}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Shells_by_stats#Armor_Piercing_Shells {{Tooltip|AP Shell|Armor Piercing Shell}}]
|-
|Standard Double Attack
|{{RedGunHeavy}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Main_Guns_by_stats#Heavy_Guns Main]
|{{RedGunHeavy}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Main_Guns_by_stats#Heavy_Guns Main]
|{{Seaplane}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Seaplanes_by_stats#Reconnaissance_Seaplanes Recon]
|'''Wildcard'''
|-
|Anti-Installation
|{{RedGunHeavy}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Main_Guns_by_stats#Heavy_Guns Main]
|{{RedGunHeavy}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Main_Guns_by_stats#Heavy_Guns Main]
|{{Seaplane}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Seaplanes_by_stats#Reconnaissance_Seaplanes Recon]
|{{GreenAmmo}}'''OR'''{{RedAmmo}}
|-
|Night Battle Focus
|{{RedGunHeavy}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Main_Guns_by_stats#Heavy_Guns Main]
|{{RedGunHeavy}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Main_Guns_by_stats#Heavy_Guns Main]
|{{Seaplane}}[[Type 98 Reconnaissance Seaplane (Night Recon)|Night Recon]]
|{{Radar}} '''OR''' Wildcard
|}


====Standard====
*{{RedGunHeavy}}Main Gun x2 +{{Seaplane}}Recon Seaplane + {{RedAmmo}} AP Shell
* The most used setup for battleships that allow both day cut-in and double attack.
* Base {{Firepower}} is excellent and also allows a decent night double attack.
* With two special attack types available, artillery spotting will have a higher activation rate.
* Cut-in (150% modifier) is useful against high armor enemies
* Also effective when facing Hard [[Installation]] targets.


====Standard Double Attack====
*{{RedGunHeavy}}Main Gun x2 +{{Seaplane}}Recon Seaplane + '''Wildcard'''
* Allows both day and night double attack
* Utilize the wildcard depending on what you need
** {{GreenAmmo}}[[Type 3 Shell|Type 3]] is to increase damage against soft [[Installation|installation-type]] enemies.
** {{Seaplane}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Seaplane#Seaplane_Fighters Fighters] if you need some support in establishing [[Aerial Combat|air superiority]].
** {{Radar}}[[Radar]] and {{Seaplane}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Seaplanes_by_stats#Reconnaissance_Seaplanes Recon] are alternatives if you lack {{RedAmmo}} or you don't want to use it for whatever reason.


====Night Battle Focus====
*{{RedGunHeavy}}Main Gun x2 + {{Seaplane}}[[Type 98 Reconnaissance Seaplane (Night Recon)|Night Recon]] '''OR''' Wildcard + {{Radar}}[[Radar]] '''OR''' Wildcard
* The setup for night battle focused maps.
* Since {{RedAmmo}} bonuses does not apply to night battles, it becomes less useful.
* Important for maps like [[5-3]]
* In case you don't have a {{Seaplane}}[[Type 98 Reconnaissance Seaplane (Night Recon)|Night Recon]], you can treat the slot as a wildcard.
* The wildcards can be anything, as long it's not a {{RedGunHeavy}} or {{YellowGun}}
<tabber>(F)BB =

* Slot Wildcard có thể lắp bất cứ gì ngoại trừ {{GreenGunDP}} , {{RedGunHeavy}}, {{RedGunMedium}} ,{{YellowGun}}
* Slot wildcard có thể lắp {{Seaplaneft}} với tàu lớp Yamato([[Yamato]],[[Musashi]]) , lớp Nagato([[Nagato]],[[Mutsu]]) và tàu Ý ([[Littorio]],[[Roma]]) để đạt AS dễ hơn (tàu phải ở dạng Kai hoặc hơn)

{| style="width:100%;" class="wikitable mw-collapsible"
|-
! colspan="6" |Setups
|-
! scope="col"|Kiểu lắp
! scope="col"|#1
! scope="col"|#2
! scope="col"|#3
! scope="col"|#4
|-
|Tiêu chuẩn
|{{RedGunHeavy}}
|{{RedGunHeavy}}
|{{Seaplane}}
|{{RedAmmo}}
|-
|Tùy ý
|{{RedGunHeavy}}
|{{RedGunHeavy}}
|{{Seaplane}}
|wildcard
|}

|-|(F)BB chống Installation=
{| style="width:100%;" class="wikitable mw-collapsible"
|-
! colspan="6" |Setups
|-
! scope="col"|Kiểu lắp
! scope="col"|#1
! scope="col"|#2
! scope="col"|#3
! scope="col"|#4
| 
|-
|Chống Supply Depot Hime/Pillbox
|{{RedGunHeavy}}
|{{RedGunHeavy}}
|{{Seaplane}}
|{{RedAmmo}}
|
|-
|Chống Installation tiêu chuẩn
|{{RedGunHeavy}}
|{{RedGunHeavy}}
|{{Seaplane}}
|{{GreenAmmo}}
|
|-
|Chống Installation(gánh team trong đánh đêm)
|{{RedGunHeavy}}
|{{RedGunHeavy}}
|{{RedAmmo}}
|{{GreenAmmo}}
|
|-
|[[Musashi|Kurita Punch]]
|{{RedGunHeavy}}
|{{RedGunHeavy}}
|{{RedAmmo}}
|{{GreenAmmo}}
|{{Seaplane}}
|}


|-|BBV =
* Bạn có thể lắp như F(BB) , nhưng tốt nhất nên tận dụng các slot may bay của BBV với setup dưới đây
* Có thể lắp {{Seaplane}}thủy phi cơ thả bom(TPCTB) thay cho slot {{Seaplane}}/{{Seaplaneft}} nhưng không khuyến khích .
** Nếu có slot tầm 20 máy bay ([[Yamashiro|Yamashiro kai ni]],[[Fusou|Fusou kai ni]],[[Ise|Ise  kai ni]]) thí có thể lắp
** {{Seaplane}}thủy phi cơ thả bom(TPCTB) có thể kích hoạt DA ban ngày (tất nhiên với điều kiện là đạt AS)
** Tuy nhiên , tàu lắp TPCTB sẽ '''ưu tiên tấn công SS(V)'''

{| style="width:100%;" class="wikitable mw-collapsible"
|-
! colspan="6" |Setups
|-
! scope="col"|Kiểu lắp
! scope="col"|#1
! scope="col"|#2
! scope="col"|#3
! scope="col"|#4
! scope="col"|#5
|-
|Tiêu chuẩn
|{{RedGunHeavy}}
|{{RedGunHeavy}}
|{{Seaplane}}
|{{Seaplaneft}}
|
|-
|Tiêu chuẩn 2
|{{RedGunHeavy}}
|{{RedGunHeavy}}
|{{Seaplaneft}}
|{{Seaplaneft}}
|
|-
|Lắp để cố đạt AS
|{{Seaplaneft}}
|{{Seaplaneft}}
|{{Seaplaneft}}
|{{Seaplaneft}}
|
|-
|[[Ise| Chỉ cho Ise kai ni]]
|{{RedGunHeavy}}
|{{RedGunHeavy}}
|{{GreenPlane}}
|{{GreenPlane}}/{{RedPlane}}/{{Seaplane}}TPCTB
|{{Seaplane}}/{{GreenPlane}}
|}


<tabber />