=== Torpedo Cruiser (CLT) ===
'''Note:'''
* Torpedo Cruisers can equip {{TorpedoWeapon}}[[Kouhyouteki]] to fire an opening torpedo. Torpedo Cruisers are recommended to always have at least a {{TorpedoWeapon}}[[Kouhyouteki]] equipped.
* Note that {{TorpedoWeapon}}[[Kouhyouteki]] is '''NOT''' treated as a torpedo. Equipping one of those will not turn your attacks into [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Combat#Night_Battle_Special_Attacks Cut Ins].
* CLTs have no plane slots.
* Because CLTs cannot utilize [[Artillery Spotting]], using {{YellowGun}} is perfectly acceptable.
* {{ShipLink|Abukuma Kai Ni}} functions exactly like a CLT, even though she is classified as a CL.
* Take note that some guns give [[Overweight Penalty and Fit Gun Bonus|fit bonuses]] for CLT.

'''Points for equipment selection:'''
* Are you fighting a very tough surface boss?
* Do you need a dedicated torpedo cruiser for (O)ASW duties?
* Is an opening torpedo important?

{| style="width:700px;" class="wikitable mw-collapsible"
|-
! colspan="5" |Setups
|-
! scope="col"|Role
! scope="col"|Equipment #1
! scope="col"|Equipment #2
! scope="col"|Equipment #3
! scope="col"|Equipment #4
|-
|Standard Setup
|{{TorpedoWeapon}}[[Kouhyouteki]]
|{{RedGunMedium}}'''OR'''{{YellowGun}}
|{{RedGunMedium}}'''OR'''{{YellowGun}}
|N/A
|-
|Torpedo Setup
|{{TorpedoWeapon}}[[Kouhyouteki]]
|{{TorpedoWeapon}}[[Torpedo]]
|{{TorpedoWeapon}}[[Torpedo]]
|N/A
|-
|Anti-Submarine Setup
|Wildcard
|{{Sonar}}[[Sonar]]
|{{Sonar}}'''OR'''{{DepthCharge}}
|N/A
|}

====Standard Setup====
*{{RedGunMedium}}Main Gun x2 '''OR'''{{YellowGun}}Secondary Gun x2 + {{TorpedoWeapon}}[[Kouhyouteki]]
* Decent single attack during day battle and double attack during night battle
* Since [[Artillery Spotting]] is not a factor here, the only thing that matters are stats. It does not matter whether you use a {{RedGunMedium}} or a {{YellowGun}}.
* Because CLTs have innate very high {{Firepower}} and {{Torpedo}} stats, their double attack is incredibly powerful, being able to destroy most of the toughest enemies in the game.


====Torpedo Setup====
*{{TorpedoWeapon}}Torpedo x2 + {{TorpedoWeapon}}{{EquipmentLink|Kouhyouteki}}
* Maximizes torpedo damage while allowing a torpedo cut in attack (150%*2)
** This comes at the cost of having weaker shelling during day, since you're not using guns.
** Keep in mind that both {{ShipLink|Kitakami/Kai Ni|text=Kitakami}} and {{ShipLink|Ooi/Kai Ni|text=Ooi}} already hit the torpedo cap with only the {{EquipmentLink|Kouhyouteki}}. Equipping more torpedoes on them will not boost their torpedo attacks significantly, due to the soft-cap.
* This setup is generally reserved for high {{Luck}} ships, generally for those who are really close to 50 {{Luck}}. Equipping ships with this setup, especially {{ShipLink|Kitakami/Kai Ni|text=Kitakami}} who already has a base luck of 30, is generally bad practice if their luck nowhere near the 50.
* Torpedo cut-in is only marginally stronger than the double attack, but activates less often and is inconsistent. Use this only if it is truly necessary or if you know what you are doing.
** Exceptions are {{ShipLink|Kiso/Kai Ni}} and {{ShipLink|Abukuma/Kai Ni}}. Since their {{Torpedo}} stats are nowhere near {{ShipLink|Kitakami/Kai Ni|text=Kitakami}} or {{ShipLink|Ooi/Kai Ni|text=Ooi}}, they generally benefit from using this setup if they have a sufficiently high {{Luck}} and they are fighting against tougher enemies. Likewise, both {{ShipLink|Kitakami/Kai Ni|text=Kitakami}} and {{ShipLink|Ooi/Kai Ni|text=Ooi}} will not benefit as much, due to the soft-cap.


====Anti-Submarine Setup====
*{{Sonar}}[[Sonar]] + {{DepthCharge}}[[Depth Charge]] '''OR''' {{Sonar}}[[Sonar]] + {{Sonar}}[[Sonar]] '''OR''' Wildcard
* Allow torpedo cruisers to have an ASW role.
* Ships can perform pre-emptive OASW attacks on submarines if they have at least 100 {{ASW}} '''AND''' they have at least a {{Sonar}}[[Sonar]] equipped.
* There is a synergy effect when equipping at least a {{Sonar}} '''AND''' {{DepthCharge}}, which improves ASW damage by 15%
** Note that while synergy effect is important, being able to perform OASW is even more important. If you can only perform OASW by equipping 3x Sonar, simply do that.
* If it is possible to reach OASW requirements with 2 slots, you can use the 3rd slot for something else.
** It is definitely possible to use a {{TorpedoWeapon}}[[Kouhyouteki]] in this scenario, which allows them to perform opening torpedo attacks aside from ASW duties.