=== Aviation Cruiser (CAV) ===
'''Note:'''
* Basically a Heavy Cruiser with additional aviation equipment possible
* Certain guns give [[Overweight Penalty and Fit Gun Bonus|night battle fit bonuses]] for CA(V).
* Can attack submarines with the use of {{Seaplane}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Seaplane#Seaplane_Bombers Seaplane Bombers] and/or {{Autogyro}}[[Ka Type Observation Autogyro|Autogyro]]
* Each equipment slot have their own size, make sure you make the most of it by equipping {{Seaplane}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Seaplane#Seaplane_Bombers Seaplane Bombers] on the largest slot sizes.
** {{Seaplane}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Seaplane#Seaplane_Bombers Seaplane Bombers] on bigger slots does not increase your damage against submarines.
* Can equip {{Drum}}[[Drum Canister (Transport Use)|Drum Canister]].
* Can equip both {{GreenAmmo}}[[Type 3 Shell|Type 3]] and {{WG42}}[[WG42]].
* Can equip {{SCAMP}}[[SCAMP]].


'''Points for equipment selection:'''
* Can you utilize artillery spotting?
* Do you want a Double Attack or a Cut In during day?
* Do you need a Double Attack or a Cut In setup for night?
* Are you fighting against an installation?
* Do you want to be able to attack submarines?

{| style="width:700px;" class="wikitable mw-collapsible"
|-
! colspan="5" |Setups
|-
! scope="col"|Role
! scope="col"|Equipment #1
! scope="col"|Equipment #2
! scope="col"|Equipment #3
! scope="col"|Equipment #4
|-
|Standard
|{{RedGunMedium}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Main_Guns_by_stats#Medium_Guns Main]
|{{RedGunMedium}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Main_Guns_by_stats#Medium_Guns Main]
|'''Wildcard'''
|{{Seaplane}}[[Seaplane]]
|-
|Anti-Installation
|{{RedGunMedium}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Main_Guns_by_stats#Medium_Guns Main]
|{{RedGunMedium}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Main_Guns_by_stats#Medium_Guns Main]
|{{GreenAmmo}}'''OR'''{{WG42}}
|{{WG42}}[[WG42]]
|-
|Seaplane Bomber Mule
|{{Seaplane}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Seaplane#Seaplane_Bombers Bomber]
|{{Seaplane}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Seaplane#Seaplane_Bombers Bomber]
|{{Seaplane}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Seaplane#Seaplane_Bombers Bomber]
|{{Seaplane}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Seaplane#Seaplane_Bombers Bomber]
|-
|Seaplane Fighter Setup
|{{RedGunMedium}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Main_Guns_by_stats#Medium_Guns Main]
|{{RedGunMedium}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Main_Guns_by_stats#Medium_Guns Main]
|{{Seaplane Fighter}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Seaplanes_by_stats#Seaplane_Fighters Fighter]
|{{Seaplane Fighter}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Seaplanes_by_stats#Seaplane_Fighters Fighter]
|-
|Night Double Attack (No {{Tooltip|AS|Artillery Spotting}})
|{{RedGunMedium}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Main_Guns_by_stats#Medium_Guns Main]
|{{YellowGun}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Secondary_Guns_by_stats Secondary]
|{{YellowGun}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Secondary_Guns_by_stats Secondary]
|{{YellowGun}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Secondary_Guns_by_stats Secondary]
|}


====Standard====
*{{RedGunMedium}}Main Gun x2 + {{Seaplane}}Seaplane + Wildcard
* Standard setup which allows double attack during day and night.
* Using a {{Seaplane}}Seaplane Bomber can help you to reach [[Aerial Combat|air superiority]].
* Good equipments for the wildcard are {{Radar}}[[Radar]], {{Seaplane}}[[Seaplane]], {{GreenAmmo}}, {{WG42}} and {{SCAMP}}[[SCAMP]].
* You cannot use a {{Seaplane Fighter}}Seaplane Fighter for [[Artillery Spotting]]. Use the Wildcard slot if you need to equip {{Seaplane Fighter}}Seaplane Fighters.
* If equipped with a seaplane bomber, your CAV will prioritize attacking enemy submarines. If this is not desired, switch to a {{Seaplane}}Recon instead.


====Anti-Installation====
*{{RedGunMedium}}Main Gun x2 + {{GreenAmmo}}[[Type 3 Shell|Type 3]] '''OR''' {{WG42}}[[WG42]] + {{WG42}}[[WG42]]
* Standard anti-installation setup for CAV, which also allows double attack during night.
* This setup does not utilize [[Artillery Spotting]], but instead focuses on dealing maximum damage during night against installations.
* Use {{GreenAmmo}} or {{WG42}} depending on the weakness of the enemy [[Installation]]. Do not stack {{GreenAmmo}}[[Type 3 Shell|Type 3]] as the bonuses do not stack.
** Multiple {{WG42}}[[WG42]] does stack, but each extra giving decremented bonuses.

====Seaplane Bomber Mule====
*{{Seaplane}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Seaplane#Seaplane_Bombers Seaplane Bomber] x4
* Pure {{Seaplane}}Bomber focus, no special attacks during day or night.
* Usage is extremely situational and restricted to circumstances where you can only use CAVs in a map full of submarines or if for some reason, having a {{Seaplane}}Bomber mule is much preferred.
* It is perfectly possible to replace {{Seaplane}}Bombers with {{Autogyro}}[[Ka Type Observation Autogyro|Autogyro]] if your goal is only ASW related.


====Seaplane Fighter Setup====
*{{RedGunMedium}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Main_Guns_by_stats#Medium_Guns Main] x2 + {{Seaplane Fighter}}[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Seaplanes_by_stats#Seaplane_Fighters Fighter] x2
* Allows you to establish [[Aerial Combat|air superiority]] with CAV while retaining double attack during night.
* This is an important setup to utilize if carriers are not available and you want to establish [[Aerial Combat|air superiority]].


====Night Double Attack (No AS)====
*{{RedGunMedium}}Main Gun + {{YellowGun}} '''OR''' {{GreenGunDP}}Secondary Gun x3
* Very rarely used on CAV, mainly because of the other utility options a CAV has in comparison to CA.<br />CA also generally have marginally more {{Firepower}} compared to CAV.
* Mainly used when [[Artillery Spotting]] is not possible and you cannot use CA for some reason.
* Maximizes firepower while maintaining double attack.
* {{Firepower}} is what matters in the end with this setup, simply use your strongest guns to build this setup with your CAV.
* This setup is not recommended if you only have access to [[15.2cm Single Gun Mount]], because of the terrible stats. You are better off using the standard setup instead.