=== Seaplane Tender (AV) ===
Seaplane Tenders are basically an even lighter and flexible version of {{Tooltip|CVLs|Light Carriers}}, with most of them having the ability to equip a {{TorpedoWeapon}}[[Kouhyouteki]]. While they function pretty similar to a carrier, they perform their shelling without seaplanes, the aircraft they have access to are a lot weaker compared to standard aircrafts and they can attack as normal even when <span style="color:orange">'''中破'''</span>, which separates them from carriers.
<br />
Currently, {{ShipLink|Mizuho}}, {{ShipLink|Akitsushima}}, {{ShipLink|Chitose}}, {{ShipLink|Chiyoda}}, {{ShipLink|Commandant Teste}} and {{ShipLink|Kamoi Kai}} are the only members of this versatile, but fragile class. Chitose and Chiyoda remain as seaplane tender on first and second remodels and change class to light aircraft carrier on third.
{{ShipLink|Kamoi}} starts as a fleet oiler and changes class to seaplane tender on her first remodel, on her second remodel she reverts back to fleet oiler.
<br />
{{ShipLink|Akitsushima}}, while being listed as an AV, is actually a giant flying boat tender. Take note that {{ShipLink|Akitsushima}} may not be able to equip the same equipments as the other AVs do.

'''Note:'''
* Can participate in Aerial Phase when equipped with {{Seaplane}}Seaplane Bombers.
* Can participate in Opening Torpedo when equipped with {{TorpedoWeapon}}[[Kouhyouteki]] and closing torpedo phase.
** Exceptions are {{ShipLink|Akitsushima}} and {{ShipLink|Commandant Teste}}, as they both have no {{Torpedo}} stats and are incapable of equipping a {{TorpedoWeapon}}[[Kouhyouteki]].
* Can participate in shelling, regardless of whether {{Seaplane}}Seaplane Bombers are equipped.
** Can attack submarines, but requires {{Seaplane}}Seaplane Bombers to do so.
* Can perform [[Artillery Spotting]] when Air Superiority is achieved or better.
* Can participate in night battle.
* Can equip {{LandingCraft}}Daihatsu to increase resource gained from expedition.
** {{ShipLink|Akitsushima}} is incapable of equipping {{LandingCraft}}Daihatsus
* As {{ShipLink|Akitsushima}} is a flying boat tender, she is the only ship at the moment capable of equipping flying boats like {{Flying Boat}}[[Type 2 Large Flying Boat|Taitei]] and {{Flying Boat}}[[PBY-5A Catalina|Catalina]].


'''Points for equipment selection:'''
* Which AV are you using and how many slots does she have available?
* Is the air power requirement low?
* Do you want them to be able to perform [[Artillery Spotting]]?


{| style="width:700px;" class="wikitable mw-collapsible"
|-
! colspan="5" |Setups
|-
! scope="col"|Role
! scope="col"|Equipment #1
! scope="col"|Equipment #2
! scope="col"|Equipment #3
! scope="col"|Equipment #4
|-
|Standard 3 slot AV
|{{Seaplane}}[[Seaplane]]
|{{Seaplane}}[[Seaplane]]
|{{TorpedoWeapon}}{{EquipmentLink|Kouhyouteki|text=Minisub}}
|'''N/A'''
|-
|Full Seaplane focus
|{{Seaplane}}[[Seaplane]]
|{{Seaplane}}[[Seaplane]]
|{{Seaplane}}[[Seaplane]]
|{{Seaplane}}[[Seaplane]]
|-
|{{ShipLink|Commandant Teste/Kai|text=Commandant Teste}} Double Attack
|{{RedGunLight}}[[List of Main Guns by stats#Light_Guns|Main]]
|{{RedGunLight}}[[List of Main Guns by stats#Light_Guns|Main]]
|{{Seaplane}}[[Seaplane]]
|'''Wildcard'''
|-
|{{ShipLink|Akitsushima}}
|{{Seaplane}}[[Seaplane]]
|{{Seaplane Fighter}}[[Seaplane Fighter|Fighter]]
|{{Seaplane Fighter}}[[Seaplane Fighter|Fighter]]
|'''N/A'''
|}

====Standard 3 slot AV====
*{{Seaplane}}[[Seaplane|Fighter or Bomber]] / {{Seaplane}}[[Seaplane|Fighter or Bomber]] + {{TorpedoWeapon}}{{EquipmentLink|Kouhyouteki|text=Minisub}}
* This setup deals an airstrike as well as an opening torpedo attack against your enemies. This will be the most common setup you will be using.
* AV have small slots to begin with, so be careful of using bombers on small slots and prioritize them in big slots instead.
** However, there's no problem with fighters on smaller slots, as they are immune to {{AA}} fire from the enemies.
{{Clear}}

====Full Seaplane focus====
*{{Seaplane}}[[Seaplane|Fighter or Bomber]] / {{Seaplane}}[[Seaplane|Fighter or Bomber]] / {{Seaplane}}[[Seaplane|Fighter or Bomber]] / {{Seaplane}}[[Seaplane|Fighter or Bomber]] 
* The goal is to use as many seaplane fighters or bombers as you can to establish the air superiority. 
*You will be dropping the {{TorpedoWeapon}}{{EquipmentLink|Kouhyouteki|text=Minisub}} in favor of gaining more air power, so only consider this if a standard setup is not sufficient enough, or if you're using an AV that cannot equip the {{TorpedoWeapon}}{{EquipmentLink|Kouhyouteki|text=Minisub}} to begin with.
{{Clear}}

===={{ShipLink|Commandant Teste/Kai|text=Commandant Teste}} Double Attack====
*{{RedGunLight}}[[List of Main Guns by stats#Light_Guns|Main]] / {{RedGunLight}}[[List of Main Guns by stats#Light_Guns|Main]] / {{Seaplane}}[[Seaplane|Recon or Bomber]] / '''Wildcard'''
* Allows you to deal double attacks during day and night.
* A setup which is only realistic for those who either cannot equip the {{TorpedoWeapon}}{{EquipmentLink|Kouhyouteki|text=Minisub}} or if they have 4 equipment slots available, while also having reasonable plain slots and base {{Firepower}} stats. As of now, only {{ShipLink|Commandant Teste/Kai|text=Commandant Teste}} fits this criteria.
* You can substitute the wildcard with either a {{Seaplane}}Seaplane or a {{RedGunLight}}Main gun.
** Keep in mind while it is possible to equip a third main gun for increased shelling power during day, you will lose your double attack during night. If this is undesirable, avoid doing that.
{{Clear}}

===={{ShipLink|Akitsushima}}====
* {{Flying Boat}}{{Seaplane Fighter}}[[Seaplane Fighter]] or [[Flying Boat]] / {{Seaplane Fighter}}[[Seaplane Fighter]] / {{Seaplane Fighter}}[[Seaplane Fighter]]
* Allows you to use {{ShipLink|Akitsushima}} as a seaplane fighter mule, as she is literally pretty much useless in any other role.
* Since she has plane slot sizes of 1, she is the best fighter mule in the game as practically any fighter equipped on her is invincible, even during the 1st phase.
* She is also capable of carrying giant boats like {{Flying Boat}}[[Type 2 Large Flying Boat|Taitei]] and {{Flying Boat}}[[PBY-5A Catalina|Catalina]], which provides a reasonable amount of stats and {{LOS}}.
** You can freely use a seaplane fighter instead, if using a flying boat is not necessary at all.
* Do not under any circumstances attempt to use bombers on her 1 slots instead, as they are susceptible to {{AA}} fire from enemies.
{{Clear}}