=== Hello, ChromaMyriad here, you can call me CM if that is too long for you. ===

== About CM ==
CM is a dedicated Kantai Collection Admiral, who strives for to sink all Abyssals who dares to hurt her shipgirls. CM does her best to safely secure the captured shipgirls, away from the "children of the Abyss" as she likes to call them.

CM is also a huge fan of fan fictions, in the Kantai collection archive are namely,  Ambience: A Fleet Symphony by Hieda no Akyuu, Kancolle Alt by MasterBaiter4.0, Not Today by CuttySark, The Life of a Female Admiral by EshtarWind, The Great Shipgirl Swap by Haibara-san.

CM also likes to refer to herself in third person due to her experience in writing for nearly two years now, as of May 19 2017.

Ah, are you curious about my name? My name in its full length is "The Monochromatic Myriad", Monochrome signifies flipside of many things. and Myriad signifies never ending palette of unique things. Another explanation is because the name may Symbolize complete neutrality, now go guess how its hard to explain. The last reason, is about the human brain, for right handed people the left side of their brain are responsible for logic, while the right side is responsible for creativity. And thus, Monochrome and Myriad.

Anything else to add here...? ah right a few more. Other things will be on the blogs, since this is getting too long.

I am an experienced paragraph roleplayer, and a huge ship enthusiast. Well you should've known by now, since I play Kancolle, haha

An advice to novice writers:  http://imgur.com/gallery/O1VSw

Have fun you wonderful people: http://imgur.com/gallery/x3zmD

Would you like to cry? (1): http://imgur.com/gallery/mz8HC