Well hello and welcome to this desolate place of a web page.  I learned about Kantai Collection way back in 2013 when a friend introduced me to the series.  Unfortunately, she failed to catch my interest as I was still enslaved in Brave Frontier, Elsword, and pretty much any other MMORPG that can catch my attention at the time.  Well now in 2015 my friend managed to convince me to play after ranting about the anime.  While I enjoyed the anime, she kinda was disappointed by the quality and context of the anime and was furthermore complaining about how her favorite ship barely had her in-game personality.  Aside from that, I now play Kantai Collection and I wish to continue training my shipgirls until the day this game goes downhill into oblivion.  

If anyone is questioning my ethnicity; I would like to tell you I am quarter Chinese, quarter American, and half Vietnamese.  Yeah... big surprise I'm "Viet" and probably gonna be a salty fob (Born in Vietnam, came to America), as many of you may consider me as the average stereotype.  But I assure you it takes a big deal to make me salty.  

I have a great amount of knowledge in Naval History, but I am not proficient at it.  English is my second language so I may make some grammatical mistakes from time to time.  If anyone has any complaints of me being wrong or anything, feel free to post any complaints on my message wall and give me statistics of how I'm wrong.  I will respond to your complaints in a diplomatic way the first time and apologize if proven wrong.  Try not to be ignorant and spam random insults unrelated to the topic since I despise salty arse-holes and will block you if necessary.

I also am now part of the Walking War Robots Wikia, so feel free to come and visit this wikia if you need advice on WWR.

Kantai Collection IGN: AdmiralIce (提督氷) Flagship: Amatsukaze Kai (天津風改)

WWR IGN: Metal Gear Rex (Gold and Silver tier player; Clanless at the moment)