Apparently this is my user page. Apparently I can edit this page to tell the community about myself~ (• ε •)
==My favorite pages==

* Add links to your favorite pages on the wiki here!
* okay-okay i'll add links but why?༼ ಥ_ಥ ༽ why y u should telling me loudly? D:
* Favorite page #2 wait where is my Ichiban #1 Fav page then? T^T
* okay here is my Ichiban I'll add along w/ the #2 Fav page :))
- worldoftanks.asia worldofwarship.asia & wargaming.net

-the 2nd is as I play Forge of Empire for long time i'll add https://en4.forgeofempires.com
* Favorite page #3 iiis?![https://www.facebook.com/EdwardKaiNi] :)))

yeh~

this is my introduction

listen carefully~ ;)

my full name is Edward Zefanya Theo what? > y I hate my fa violenceing me often; I'd like to curse that surname =="

so "Awuy" may replaced by "Rombe" as my ma's be <3 ed surname ^^

my age are currently 21y, birthday at 18th April 1995.

I am male as most person named "Edward" was a male; r-right? :'3

I live in the 4th planet of Solar System > South East Asia continent > Indonesia > North Sulawesi > North Minahasa > Mapanget > Residence "CBA Gold" > son of head of church of Tessalonika >>> ppl well-known who is that anti-social person living there for 4y+ :)) (will add google direct map later)

Blood is Zero . . . E ̄ to i-it was "O" yeah a blood of O type ;) about donating blood i'm kind of paranoid against needle (ಥ﹏ಥ) / y I nevur do that instead I really wanna help someone poor out there sustaining low blood pressure like Mako-chan on GuP~~ TwT

Waifu candidate : Kuma1st, Mutsu2nd, Taihou3rd, >>> 3 first prior; 8 other kanmusus come from 3-4 CVs + 4-5 CVLs coz Ima Carrier <3 er ﻿( ͡~ ͜ʖ ͡°) >>> don't mind me a reechfegs instead of being Debtfag though ~.~

my IGN on several simulator > I call it simulator not a game coz they were all not entertaining me gib me soo salty and manufacturing my brain, veins, eyes(self Fire Control System on FPS/aiming simulator), heart/kokoro wa daijobu(whan watch FILS/PTSD anime), etc.
# oftenly play Wargaming.net stuff such as WoT & WoWS : madAnger69 [S.E.A server]
# KC : HMS TOG II* [Iwagawa Airfield] > eventhough we'll never affect each other that sooo . . . umh yeah
# Forge of Empire : Zhuge Liu (don't blame me this :'v )
# Steam acc : Edztr (refer to my hateness against my fa)
# Seal Online SO3D : Benzarocker (Indonesia server only XD)
# Crossfire : SIEGFIRED (Indonesia)
and many many other(3-8 simulators) are abandoned, likely to abandoned include Amored Tonkfare :))

well, I have no idea what category of self-introduction next after this; someone may asking it & will be update upcoming timey \ :)) /

ah yes, I have 5 different Soul that act differently but the most is cheerfull ones just like I typing \ :)) / >:3 ;) :-DD etc. XD

<nowiki>*</nowiki>I Just joining the right-wing Falukorv parties!!* *-* / 11:51PM 28th April 2016. Ed ~

http://imgur.com/vNhxSVG

my showroom before leaving to maintenance for Spring Event =3