Hi hi, I'm Eyrsh. My Admiral name is Koiyo. Easy-mode player.

Hall of Fame:

99-lvl ships:

Kitakami (ID 215): Thanks for your work, really. You did good, you stole MvP everywhere. You were also a great help with your cut-ins in Winter 2016! You are still a great help, Kitakami. Hope we can work together still like this.

Haruna (ID 715): Haruna daijoubu desu! Even if in Winter 2016 you liked to be taiha a lot in E-3, you're still Haruna. By that, I mean you're still a great help.

... Even if you like pwning random DDs.

Ooicchi (ID 383): You really liked to steal MvP from Kitakami when she was the first to get 99, don't you? Well, now you're 99 like her. Thanks for the hard work, really. I appreciate it!

Kongou (ID 1178): Congrats for 99~ since quite some time though hhh.... Even though you came last, you really helped~ Thanks for your hard work.

Maya (ID 493): I think you're the second fastest ship to get to 99, it was quite a surprise. Truth be told, you were damn useful. Hopefully we can work even more harder in the next events~

Abukuma (ID 2031): Kai Ni'ed around March, got 99 in June or May. Yea, you're the fatest ship to 99. You're always a must in my fleet, I'm glad I took care of you!

Prinz Eugen (ID 2275): Took you one year to get there... but I'm glad you were there. You helped me a lot in various maps as a good CA.

'''Stuff to do before Summer 2017''':

Hatakaze, I hope you'll be here next time ;;; Hoping to do a better job at managing res and stocking buckets.

EDIT 24/08: Hatakaze getto. Richelieu getto. Matsuwa getto... now to get Warspite and Ark Royal...

Kai some ships: Zuikaku (lvl 2), Shoukaku (lvl 10), Teste (lvl 11), Asashimo (lvl 1), Matsuwa (lvl 20), Aquila (lvl 14), Etorofu (lvl 32), Hatakaze (lvl 15)  

Kai Ni the following<nowiki> </nowiki>ships: Shoukaku & Zuikaku (''one day''), probably Z1, Suzuya (lvl 52), Kumano (lvl 57), Taiyou (lvl 84), Zara (lvl 73)