Hello! My name is Jeane and I've started playing Kancolle around late August. A friend of mine kinda pushed me to play it and ever since then I've been completely hooked.

I don't really like conversing with others since I feel like I'll end up saying something stupid (that includes questions). 

[★ I'm mainly interested in '''Touhou''', '''Love Live''', Homestuck, Dangan Ronpa, Mogeko/Okegom/Deep Sea Prisoner, '''Kancolle''', Ace Attorney, and '''Umineko'''. Boy, that's a lot.

[★] Games I've played before: Elsword, Grand Chase, LaTale, zOMG and all the windows Touhou games.

[★] I'm not very knowledgeable about history. I just play for the cute and adorable girls with huge weapons. Nothing is wrong with that, right?

Thank you for visiting my profile. Also Kiso is waifu

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

'''[<u>Kancolle Statistics]</u>'' Last Updated: November 19th, 2016. 5:30AM EST.'''''

★ HQ Level: 99

★ Favorite Ships: '''Kiso''', '''Kongou''', '''Kumano''', '''I-19''', Hayashimo''', '''Yukikaze, I-8, Ryuujou, '''Suzukaze''', Prinz Eugen and Souryuu. Shoukaku and Musashi also have a small spot in my heart.

★ Ships I'm Currently Questing: Graf Zeppalin and Iowa (please).   

★ Recent Achievement: '''Yamakaze and Umikaze GET!''' Cleared Fall 2016 Event E1-E3. now to wait for those extra operations...     

★ Other goals: FARM BUCKETS AND FUEL. maybe some more bauxite and steel later on     

★ Most important goal: ''Marry Kiso marry kiso marry kiso '''marry kiso'''''