I got into the game on December 31st, 2014.

Winter 2015 event: Played until I got Yuu (60+ and still not remodeled), my ships were still low lvl and no good equipment.

Spring 2015: Easy cleared with a lot of salt.

Summer 2015: Easy, got to E-7 but couldn't finish it because one of the girls always got hit to red not even crited even tho they all were highly leveled...

Autumn 2015: This event went well, did Easy and Normal on a couple of maps. Farmed a lot on E-4 for Eugen and Graf, Graf after 30+ runs dropped and Eugen after 40+ runs. Didn't do E-5 because It wasn't worth that one medal and those two DD's that were introduced weren't worth it either for me. P.S: RIP Ammo, Fuel and Buckets.

Winter 2016: Finished it. Nothing to say about it much, since I don't remember it (Editing in Summer 2016), I did the event on normal. Notable drops: Harusame (Finally), Mizuho, Mikuma, Umikaze (Finally), Isokaze.

Spring 2016: Went kinda well but wasn't able to finish because for some random reason using the fleet comps other people used randomly sent me merry go round, around the boss node in E-6 so I wasn't able to get Iowa. Notable drops: Uzuki.

Summer 2016: E-1 and E-2 on normal, E-3 and E-4 easy (To hell with that Wall-hime on E-3 lost a lot of buckets ant ammo. Started E-3 with 121000 ammo ended with 9600 ammo and 100+ buckets used). Notable drops: Amagi, I-26 (Got both on the same run of E-4). I have no idea what I'm gonna do with the sub.....

Ringed Yuudachi on 2015-09-18

Favorite ships:

Bismarck, Yamato, Kitakami, Kongou, Haruna, Yuudachi, Shigure, Taigei (Ryuuhou), Akatsuki, Kaga