Man it's been some time since I joined a wikia...

Greetings, I'm KitKatKami, although I use the name Syntasia in most games. As I've been leveling, I found myself growing more and more dependent upon this wiki, so I decided that I might as well join and contribute in what ways I can.

As for the name KitKatKami, I usually call Kitakami KitKat, and since that probably wouldn't have been obvious enough, and probably taken anyway, I added the Kami onto the end.

Some of my favorite ships are:

Kitakami, Furutaka, Kumano, Suzuya, Mutsu, Yayoi, Jun'you

I'm a Cruiser main in World of Warships, with the Tier 6 German cruiser ''Nürnberg ''being my favorite ship to use. I play on NA, despite being Australian.

Since I was bored, I decided to write out some of what I'd be like as a ship myself.

Heavy Cruiser Sismar Class - Sismar. One sister ship.

Introduction: Greetings, I'm the heavy cruiser Sismar. I hope I'll be useful to you.

Library: I barely got to fight due to always needing repairs. I participated in multiple larger battles, and took advantage of being a heavily armored cruiser and at a cost of firepower, was known for taking most the enemy fire and proving to be a great decoy to allow my allies to sink the foe. After a remodel into an Aviation Cruiser, I was no longer allowed to be the decoy because I was a much more important target, and finally sank after running out of resources and sinking from submarine attacks. My only regret was leaving my sister ship all alone.

Show score: It doesn't matter what we received as long as we improved ourselves Admiral.

Equipment: You sure you don't want to give this to someone else? Thank you.

Supply: Sorry for using so many resources Admiral.

Docking: Eh, I suppose a bath is fine...

Docking Complete: Back to work I guess.

Ship Construction: Another girl for me to protect?

Return from sortie: I'm... back... zzz...

Battle start: You guys can deal with them, okay?

Air Battle: I'm good at dodging aircraft.

Night Battle: It's so dark... so cold... I love it.

Night Attack: I'm so glad I can't see my foe, I don't want to watch them sinking.

MVP: That was a lot of work, thank you for the recognition Admiral.

Minor Damage: Wow, that was rude.

Minor Damage 2: I'll bite back twice as hard!

Moderately Damaged: I think I better pull back for now...

Sunk: It was bound to happen eventually... I'm sorry Admiral... take care of my sister.