Subs are the best.

They're meat shields to take up space.

They're the best to bully.

They're the best slaves, Orel is their plantation.

Cheap as hell, low maintenance. Just toss em in the water and watch them drown.

Subs are love, subs are life.

General Sub Evaluation
#I-168/Imuya - the foot soldier, cannon fodder, you name it. Other than a cute face, nice hair, and yummy butt, she's the lowest of the batch. Lowest health, lowest armor, no aircraft, low luck, and a voice that can get damn annoying to boot. A "sniper of the sea," yeah, a sniper on the level of f2p newbs, that is. Fave line: "Commander, did you come to... hate Imuya?" Well fuck yeah, you piece of shit.
#I-58/Goya - now we're getting better. Much more reliable than Imuya, with her high luck, health and torpedoes. Common enough that I have 2 of her, one for actual sorties, and the other for Orel. Her stern face doesn't match that infectious voice, which makes her lines all the more funnier. Fave line: equipment 3, she sounds so cute :)
#I-19/Iku - that teasing can get tiring. Sometimes I hate her more than Imuya, but she can be a slave in another way... She's kinda reliable with the highest max torps and okay armor and evasion. Also perfect Hestia cosplayer. Just, please, not ''right'' now, okay? Fave line: joining a fleet, she doesn't sound so annoying
#I-8/Hachi - damn German weab deceiving admirals by the dozens! Other than that, Hachi's cool with me: fantastic stats across the board, and the glasses are a nice touch. But how does she keep her glasses on while diving?? fave line: equipment 3, the gratuitous Deutsch doesn't get better than that
#Maruyu - well, look what we have here. I keep getting mad at Imuya, but Maruyu doesn't even scale up. But because she wasn't even supposed to be a combat ship, I can understand. She's the cutest out of all the subs, and it's always so exciting to see her actually sink an enemy ship (lvl 1 destroyer but still). Also, the best for expeditions. Fave line: docking (moderate damage), so funny!!
#U-511/Ro-500 - she has my favorite design out of all the subs; her pale skin makes her look like a ghost. She's pretty reliable as well (go german subs, I guess?), other than her subpar health. But as for Ro-500, wft just happened? I mean, it's almost as if it's a completely different character. ''sigh'', I guess that's what happens with remodels... Fave line: all of them as Yuu, she sounds so CUTE
#Shiori - WHY WERE YOU SO HARD TO GET?! Well, its justified since she has the best stats overall, and comes with teh SEIRAN OF AWESOMENSS. Has a nice design as well, and the one Im obligated to treat here withthe most dignity. Her voice comes of as weird to me. Even then, she will never be as good as Iona-chan. Fave line: secretary (idle), yeah, go get malaria in Panama, Shioi