<h2 style="text-align:center;">Welcome aboard!</h2>

<p style="text-align:center;">
</p>

====About me:====
*IGN: reader_class (...I regret my choice, but at least it's not that cringey.)
*Current HQ Level: 103, Hashirajima Anchorage.
*Started playing at a time between [[Summer_2015_Event|Kitanda]] and [[Fall_2015_Event|Graf's debut]]. Only managed to finish E-1 in Fall '15 because I was still a noob. Winter '16 was legit awesome, tho.
*My starter was [[Fubuki|ganbarimasu]] (and she's not hitting kai ni yet until this very second).
*Playing because of a friend asking to find a way to get into Kancolle, said friend becomes a better TTK than I am.
*Now, my main motivation to stay is to just take care of my <strike>sisters</strike> shipgirls because <strike>I have no siblings, I feel a bit lonely, and I want to have older sisters</strike> they are my precious and we shall defend our base.
*My heart is torn between [[Jintsuu|samurai]] and [[Saratoga|freedom carrier]], but determined to marry the samurai from the start.
*Diejobu


<h2 style="text-align:center;">Fighting!</h2>
<p style="text-align:center;">Ready to attack the abyssals, anytime.</p>

<p style="text-align:center;">note: only mentioning the ones who are fully prepared to dive into events (except for the aux ships, they're all in for the fun).</p>

<p style="text-align:center;">Updated on 11/02/2018.</p>
====DD:====
{{ShipBattleCard|Asashio Kai Ni D}} <b>LV 92</b>: Valedictorian, ASW Queen.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Yuudachi Kai Ni}} <b>LV 89</b>: <s>doggo, poi</s> It's obvious isn't it<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Shigure Kai Ni}} <b>LV 86</b>: <s>doggo(2)</s> 2nd most reliable TCI from destroyers.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Verniy}} <b>LV 86</b>: Xорошо.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Hatsuzuki Kai}} <b>LV 86</b>: Pew pew, enemy planes die.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Ayanami Kai Ni}} <b>LV 80</b>: Lucky Potato.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Yukikaze Kai}} <b>LV 79</b>: Where my username idea comes from, obviously. TCI master of destroyers.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Kasumi Kai Ni}}<b>LV 76</b>: tsun<br>
{{ShipBattleCard|Naganami Kai Ni}}<b>LV 75</b>: Naganaga!<br>
{{ShipBattleCard|Kawakaze Kai Ni}}<b>LV 75</b>: little vampire<br>
{{ShipBattleCard|Akatsuki Kai Ni}} <b>LV 73</b>: Lady just joined the party.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Akizuki Kai}} <b>LV 61</b>: It's never too young for a ducky to join the party.<br>

====CL(T):====
{{ShipBattleCard|Jintsuu Kai Ni}} <b>LV 97</b>: First CL, waifu.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Abukuma Kai Ni}} <b>LV 93</b>: Fake CLT, almost always in a fleet with KTKM inside for luls.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Kitakami Kai Ni}} <b>LV 79</b>: Torpedo Lesbian Goddess. Brought victory home multiple times.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Sakawa Kai}} <b>LV 76</b>: Pyaa~ (is familiar with events since lv 1 because of [[Fall_2016_Event|Crossroads Operation]])<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Sendai Kai Ni}} <b>LV 74</b>: Yasen baka.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Agano Kai}} <b>LV 78</b>: A bit too obsessed with me for the size of LSC ship.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Yuubari Kai}} <b>LV 75</b>: Melon! Melon!<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Isuzu Kai Ni}} <b>LV 74</b>: (former) ASW Queen.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Kuma Kai}} <b>LV 72</b>: K u m a ! <s>Kai ni when tho</s><br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Ooi Kai Ni}} <b>LV 69</b>: ...torpedo lesbian, not-so-goddess.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Kiso Kai Ni}} <b>LV 69</b>: most badass-looking out of the CLTs.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Naka Kai Ni}} <b>LV 68</b>: 2-4-11 is cool, I guess.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Noshiro Kai}} <b>LV 66</b>: now where's yahagi<br>
{{ShipBattleCard|Ooyodo Kai}} <b>LV 66</b>: quest girl<br>

====CA(V):====
{{ShipBattleCard|Choukai Kai Ni}} <b>LV 96</b>: I have a thing for megane. First CA kai ni (explains her absurdly high level)<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Suzuya Kai Ni}} <b>LV 90</b>: SuzuKuma best CAVs.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Kumano Kai Ni}} <b>LV 87</b>: SuzuKuma best CAVs(2). note: wuOOOOOAAAAAHH!<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Maya Kai Ni}} <b>LV 87</b>: "If you're afraid (of planes), just hide behind me."<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Myoukou Kai Ni}} <b>LV 80</b>: Heavier form of Jintsuu, but with higher luck.<br>
{{ShipBattleCard|Ashigara Kai Ni}} <b>LV 66</b>: wolf<br>
{{ShipBattleCard|Haguro Kai Ni}} <b>LV 66</b>: shy little girl~<br>
{{ShipBattleCard|Kinugasa Kai Ni}}<b>LV 55</b>: cute.<br>
====(F)BB(V):====
{{ShipBattleCard|Haruna Kai Ni}} <b>LV 91</b>: Daijobu!<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Kongou Kai Ni}} <b>LV 86</b>: Desu~<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Fusou Kai Ni}} <b>LV 86</b>: not fukou.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Hiei Kai Ni}} <b>LV 85</b>: No, I still don't want to eat your curry.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Kirishima Kai Ni}} <b>LV 85</b>: *mic check intensifies*<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Yamashiro Kai Ni}} <b>LV 81</b>: not fukou.(2)<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Warspite Kai}} <b>LV 81</b>: Probably came from IELTS listening test.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Gangut Dva}} <b>LV 81</b>: I want her to be my older sister the most <s>because she's Russian</s><br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Richelieu Kai}} <b>LV 78</b>: <s>Her fanarts are better than the original</s> Comma-san's twin.<br />{{ShipBattleCard|Nagato Kai}} <b>LV 64</b>: Nagamon.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Yamato Kai}} <b>LV 65</b>: A hotel built by accident while attempting to build a Bismarck.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Ise Kai}} <b>LV 57</b>: spare BBV<br>
{{ShipBattleCard|Hyuuga Kai}} <b>LV 57</b>: spare BBV(2)<br>
====CV(L/B):====
{{ShipBattleCard|Saratoga Mk.II}} <b>LV 93</b>: Second best older sister. Looking forward to her power in yasen.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Shoukaku Kai Ni A}} <b>LV 91</b>: Actually my first CV.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Zuikaku Kai Ni A}} <b>LV 91</b>: Took me 10 years in Azkaban before obtaining her.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Hiryuu Kai Ni}} <b>LV 89</b>: I'm your Tamon-Maru now.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Taiyou Kai Ni}} <b>LV 89</b>: Little potato, ASW assistant.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Souryuu Kai Ni}} <b>LV 88</b>: Reliable WHOOSH pew pew to go along with Hiryuu.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Akagi Kai}} <b>LV 84</b>: I get it, you eat a lot <s>so please don't steal my food</s><br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Ryuujou Kai Ni}} <b>LV 84</b>: I can relate to you.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Unryuu Kai}} <b>LV 83</b>: Fluffy.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Kaga Kai}} <b>LV 82</b>: Zuikaku may be 9 levels higher but you're still the senior.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Amagi Kai}} <b>LV 80</b>: <s>A brilliant park</s> How come I got her before I got Hiryuu and Zuikaku...<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Ark Royal Kai}} <b>LV 76</b>: Probably came from IELTS listening test.(2)<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Zuihou Kai}} <b>LV 72</b>: Strong imouto.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Graf Zeppelin Kai}} <b>LV 68: s t r o n g    c o f f e e</b><br>
{{ShipBattleCard|Ryuuhou Kai}} <b>LV 59</b>: Reminds me of Cooking Mama for no reason.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Chitose Carrier Kai Ni}} <b>LV 60</b>: no comment<br>
{{ShipBattleCard|Chiyoda Carrier Kai Ni}} <b>LV 58</b>: no comment(2)<br>
 

====SS(V):====
{{ShipBattleCard|I-58 Kai}} <b>LV 69</b>: First sub.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Ro-500}} <b>LV 66</b>: Worth fighting for, even though I actually failed the [[Winter 2017 Event|event]] where I got her.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|I-8 Kai}} <b>LV 60</b>: Does she count as my first German ship?<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|I-19 Kai}} <b>LV 58</b>: Fun fact: the first time she dropped... she dropped twice in a row.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|I-26 Kai}} <b>LV 53</b>: Saracchi's #1 Fan.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|I-13 Kai}} <b>LV 49</b>: 404 error sister not found<br>
{{ShipBattleCard|UIT-25}} <b>LV 40</b>: Mario's sidekick turned German<br>
{{ShipBattleCard|I-401}} <b>LV 30</b>: where's my biscuit?<br>
{{ShipBattleCard|U-511}} <b>LV 30</b>: white bread, not toasted yet<br>
{{ShipBattleCard|I-400}} <b>LV 29</b>: actually she came here before shioi so uh... good.<br>

====Assorted (and not everyone is ready for battles):====
{{ShipBattleCard|Shimushu Kai}} <b>DE, LV 52</b>: Shimushu-shu-shu!<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Commandant Teste Kai}} <b>AV, LV 50</b>: I want her hair.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Mizuho Kai}} <b>AV, LV 42</b>: Probably the most <i>Yamato Nadeshiko</i> apart from Yamato herself here.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Etorofu Kai}} <b>DE, LV 37</b>: Erotofu.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Matsuwa}} <b>DE, LV 36</b>: Goddammit, please don't call the MPs.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Akashi Kai}} <b>AR, LV 35</b>: Thanks for the free repair service.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Kashima Kai}} <b>CT, LV 35</b>: She came home.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Hayasui Kai}} <b>AO, LV 25</b>: Kirito?<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Taigei}} <b>AS, LV 21</b>: Mama whale dupe.<br />
{{ShipBattleCard|Sado}} <b>DE, LV 18</b>: is Sado a sado?<br>
{{ShipBattleCard|Tsushima}}<b>DE, LV 15</b>: tsu~shi~ma~<br>