


==='''Join since 12 July 2015'''===
Current Lv TTK 101

'''Summer Event''': Join with kanmusu lv50 ish, still a noob

E1 - EASY (KIKUZUKI IS DA REAL MVP)

E2 - EASY (First combine fleet, so exited!!)

E3 - EASY (Carrier task? Meh, don't have reppu at all)

E4 - EASY (Me, myself, even don't believe can finish this map)

E5 - EASY (ROMA TIME!!)

E6 - EASY (The biggest strugle, don't have proper AACI, only Fubuki Kai with T91 AAFD)

E7 - REKT (LOL)

Noteable drop: OOYODO!! Suzuya, Kumano, Nowaki, Tanikaze, Urakaze, Tokitsukaze, ROMA!!! (THE REASON I JOIN THE EVENT), Shoukaku, Zuikaku, Soryuu, Mutsu, Hyuuga, I-19, I-8, Harusame, Agano, Makigumo, Akigumo, Yuubari, Kinugasa. No unryuu _(:3  no Mizuho _(:3  no Umikaze & Kazagumo (since they're dd i dont realy care)

Well, im still a noob, so there's so much notable drop, lol.

'''Mackerel Event''': Isokaze is my waifu!!! MUST! GET! HER! Manage to got her after gave up from 30+ run in 1-5, 5 run in 1-6, and finaly got her first ron from 2-5. Finished the event when have 30 Mackerel and Type 4 Sonar.

'''Fall Event''': Having a salty experience with summer event, start a hardwork to leveling kanmusu and manage to leveling all big ship i have, but dev troll me with DD and CL event focus _(:33  

E1 - HARD (Piece a cake, 5 run 5 clean kill)

E2 - HARD (Need some patient, and leveling Hamakaze and Mikazuki to Kai first)

E3 - EASY (dont have akitsumaru)

E4 - NORMAL (Takoyaki really likes to send me back home, thanks to FCF)

E5 - NORMAL (too lazy with TP bar, lol, and since the prize same with hard. I never bother with first class medal)

Notable drop: AKIZUKI!!, U-511x2!!, ARASHI!!, Mikuma, Kiyoshimo, Yuugumo, Hatsukaze, and 7 MARUYU. Sadly no GRAF after 160+ run and PRINZ for me :((((  _(:33 neither akitsumaru...

'''Current working''': Refill the bucket before next event, Leveling some kanmusu esp. ABKM, Ushio, LITORIO!! (Just got her from 4-5 node I with 30+ run OMGWTF), Akizuki, Chikuma, and maybe some other ship for shiplocking and quest. Still need blueprint for Chikuma, Litorio, Zuikaku, Shoukaku, Choukai.

'''Wanted Kanmusu''': <span style="font-weight:normal;">Uzuki </span>(...seriously, i dont have her), Taigei (...this one too), ALL LSC SHIP (Yamato, Musashi, Bismarck, Taihou, Akitsumaru, I-401), PRINZ (...serious..), Mizuho (She's pretty, duh)

'''The Other Kanmusu That Wont Hurt If I Had''': GRAF (She's not my favorit, but like the title say), Teruzuki (The E7 salt remains in my heart.. forever..), Amatsukaze, Naganami, All Nagano class EXCEPT Agano, Umikaze, Kazagumo, Takanami, Unryuu Class, Akitsushima

'''EDIT: '''JUST GOT AKITSUMARU 2 ATTEMPS (4/2/5/5.5 20dev) AND BISMARCK IN 3 ATTEMPS (4/6/6/3 20dev)

==My favorite pages==

* Add links to your favorite pages on the wiki here!
* Favorite page #2
* Favorite page #3