<tabber>General=
<font color="purple">'''List of episodes'''</font><br/>
*'''Episode 1''' : Welcome to the naval base !
*'''Episode 2''' : Cute little assistant
*'''Episode 3''' : First time sortieing 
*'''Episode 4''' : Fun in the darkness
*'''Episode 5''' : Renovation (Part 1)
*'''Episode 6''' : Renovation (Part 2)
*'''Episode 7''' : Past
*'''Episode 8''' : Flashback
*'''Episode 9''' : Encounter
*'''Episode 10''' : Recover
*'''Episode 11''' : Obstinacy
*'''Episode 12''' : One's duty
*'''Episode 13 (F)''' : Desperation
**'''Episode 13''' serves as a backdoor pilot for Hitoshi's KC story ('''Self-styled Fleet Log Of Sorts''') which can be found [[User:Tadano Hitoshi|here]]
|-|E1=
In the years of 20xx, an unknown force consisting of non-humancreatures called as abyssal creature, has taken over the seas around the world. They kept sabotaging the area, damaging the nearby coastal cities and harming many innocent people there.<br/>
Soon, we human have been allying together to form a special organization called as Abyssal Creature Elimination, ACE for short, to fight back those enemy forces.<br/>
Many months have passed after the war between human and abyssal force went off, despite suffering loss here and there, we managed to push them all the way back to the sea.<br/>
But the thing is, we knew that they are not gonna give up easily, they will return to the land soon. A lot of solutions have been made, but none of them actually helped in order to keep the enemies from invading back to the mainland permanently.<br/>
People were getting tired and bored fighting them after a while, thus, abyssal forces easily invaded the mainland again. Luckily, at that time, the moment when hope almost died, one random person has brought up a new strategy to fight those abyssal forces, that guy, is named '''Hiro Azusa'''.<br/>
He, along with his people under his commands, have developed a secret plan to massively produce an army force that can fight back those abyssal forces more effectively than people do, those army forces they created, is known as Shipgirls.<br/>
Hiro's plan quickly became a huge success, when in just a month, shipgirls easily wiped every last abyssal forces that are still on the mainland wreaking havoc out. For the first time ever, enemies wouldnt dare to invade mainland again.<br/>
He has been voted to become a Fleet Admiral, and became an important key in the organization. He has executed a lot of plans to protect people in coastal areas, even help set up a lot of naval bases to defend against enemies.<br/>
ACE's leaders really liked his idea. And since he is better at keeping the advantage of this war and knowing how to be in charge of naval stuffs and plans, he has been a made ACE's leader with no one else has powers higher than him, effectively made him a CEO of ACE. People are very excited about this and we all hope that, Hiro will bring the peace to this world once again ! <br/>
<br/>
As people wish, Hiro wanted to push the plan to another level, completely eradicate every abyssal forces to restore peace. But in order to do so, he will need a lot of shipgirls to take down multiple enemy fleets at once.<br/>
Therefore, he is looking for people, who knows how to operate a naval port, and good at strategy in order to lead the fleet of shipgirls to fight those abyssal forces.<br/>
There are 20 ports scattering around coastal areas in the world. People that are chosen by Hiro will be selected to guard these ports and help operate the shipgirl fleets to fight the enemies.<br/>
From this point, a new era of abyssal war has begin....<br/>

----
'''Leon Higurashi''', a highly-decorated commander in ACE, has just returned to Japan, where ACE organization is located. He is very good at combat in general and has done many great things during this abyssal war, even willing to help out people when needed, so he achieved a lot of medals for those and has a great influence inside ACE. Because of this, he has a great connection with ACE high-ranking people and pretty much knows everything ACE does.<br/>
One day, he was offered to take care of the naval port, he was trusted enough to be able to handle this. But he declined it, saying it doesnt worth his time and he doesnt want to take care a bunch of shipgirls anyway.<br/>
But then, he had a brilliant idea. As ACE is looking for people who are good at making strategy and know how to operate a naval base, he immediately thought of a person who is happened to be capable of all of these.<br/>
Ya..... that person is me..... <br/>

'''My story now begins !'''
Ok, for personal reason, I dont wanna use my full name here, I will just call myself with my real first name '''Fong''' (At least that's how my friends called me). In the whole story, only Fong will be mentioned for my character.<br/>
Anyway, back to the point.... I am a normal person living in Vietnam and I used to have lots of friends. Yes ! '''Used to''' ! Lets just say that something happened between me and majority of my friends that caused me to become kinda lonely right now and not want to trust people anymore. People used to be my friends now turned on me and I have been avoiding outside society for a while. <br/>
Well... Technically... not all of them hate me, I still have a few friends left who believe that I didnt do anything wrong (Lets call them as '''good friends''' ok ?).<br/>
Seriously, dont be curious about what happened there, I will tell you guys when I feel like to, for now, just get that, I was played by my own friends !
<br/>
The Leon guy I said above is one of my good friends. And thanks to him, I have been assigned to this naval base where Im actually enjoying right now. When we were like 13-14, before Leon moved to Japan, we used to play together with several classmates in a war-game. Now believe or not, I tended to be chosen as leader for those games (I dont want to tbh LOL), because they know Im good at leading the team and making strategy. For all war-games we played together , my team only lost twice. My strategy is pretty good, up to the point that the opponent side can hardly guess what my team would do in a battle. <br/>
Basically like that, apparently Leon remembered that Im good at strategy, so he flew all the way back to Vietnam just to pull me into this mess, war , whatever.... !
That one was a bit surprised for me too. I was at home watching TV then suddenly 2 guys outright barged into my room and pointed the gun at me, I was scared as hell. But then I recorgnized the uniform those guys wearing, black and white mixing together like a chessboard, its an ACE's uniform. Afterwards, a guy slowly walked into my room :<br/>
*Leon : You know, you should really clean your house sometimes Fong
*Fong : That voice, Leon ? You better have a good reason to barge into my house with your people at night man !
*Leon : Cant be helped, your parents are alway downstairs. I cant even get into your room via windows because since that day, you have alway shut the windows and stayed in your room like a NEET !
*Fong : Im not a NEET, and can you at least tell your guys to stop pointing guns at me ? My arms are tired !
*Leon : Oh sorry, dont worry, he is safe , just go outside and wait for me k ?
''Leon ordered his men to withdraw the guns and wait for him outside''
*Leon : Now that I think about it, going through the front door is just lame...
*Fong : Go straight to the point, what are you doing here ?
*Leon : Ok ok , I need your help
*Fong : What kind of help ?
*Leon : How to say... I will make it short ..... I need a person who is good at making strategy to help us in ACE, Im thinking of you, what do u say lol ?
*Fong : lol , no !
*Leon : Oh cmon dude, you are gonna miss a lot of things, not everyone can get a free ticket to operate a naval base of ACE
*Fong : Thats exactly the reason I dont want to join, ACE is an organization of military, I dont wanna die at the battlefield !
*Leon : Actually, battlefield is actually a great way to entertain ourselves lol
*Fong : Only you think so, mister lieutenant
*Leon : Actually Im commander now..... and who said anything about going out a battlefield, for this job, you will only stay in the port and control things !
*Fong : Still not interested man, Im sorry, you should go ask someone else
*Leon : ..............Alright....I guess.... no point in persuading you more
*Fong : Sorry man, yo, say hi to your sister in Japan for me
*Leon : Will do.... hey ... if you ever changed your mind, you know the numbers
*Fong : ya ya ....
''I sit on my couch while watching Leon walks away.''
<br/><br/>
I was about to skip the matter anyway, but I saw the car key Leon leftover on the table, probably he threw it there while sitting on the couch chatting with me earlier. I grabbed it and quickly ran outside to give it to him...... only to be knocked out in the head by someone behind me. I fell down, lost consciousness and my vision quickly went blur, I didnt know anything happen afterwards.<br/>
When I opened my eyes, I saw myself being tied in a seat of a plane with Leon right in front of me.<br/>
*Leon : Oh u woke up already ! Great timing, we are landing right now too !
*Fong : What the hell is this Leon, where are you taking me to ?
*Leon : Dont worry, it will be fine lol
I was totally confused there, I literally had no ideas what was going on at the time !
<br/>
Turns out I was on Leon's private plane the whole time, the next thing I know, I have already arrived in Brunei Anchorage, one of 20 naval bases set up for defending against and fighting abyssal forces.<br/>
The plane stopped moving, I stepped out of the plane and saw a big naval port with many other facilities such as military airbase, barrack, ACE's agency,... anything that help support this war. I was forced to move to Brunei, Borneo Island by my own friend apparently. While I was still surprised, wondering what is going on here, a lot of people with ACE's uniform ran into me and Leon, looked pretty happy and excited :
*People in Brunei Anchorage : Welcome back commander Jack, I heard you just achieved another deed again, what a great hero of ACE you are..!.... Seeing you come here, are you taking the job for this naval base ?
*Leon : Thanks for the compliment guys, and No, Im not taking the job, but this guy ''Leon grabbed my neck'', will take that job !
The crowd looked stunned for a bit, while I pulled Leon out of there a bit and had a little whisper :
*Fong : Oi, are you serious ? Dont tell me you brought me all the way to here just for me to take that stupid job !
*Leon : Yaaaaa...... Kinda......lol 
*Fong : O.... I hate you s....
Suddenly someone appeared behind us, walking to us slowly, he is a Lieutenant in charge of this Brunei Anchorage naval base named '''Ryuuji Tokuda'''.
*Ryuuji : Yo Jack, long time no see buddy !
*Leon : Ryu, havent seen you since the battle of Rabaul man, I see after your injury in battle, you have been assigned to this base eh ?
*Ryuuji : Yeah, it isnt bad though, at least I am still working for ACE, rather than outright retired, I love the job of protecting people man !
*Leon : Tell me about it lol .....
*Ryuuji : Anyway, about the guy you said, he looks kinda retarded to be honest, do you think he can handle the job ?
*Fong : Oi, Im not a ...
*Leon : ''Interrupts''. Dont worry, I know him, ignore the look of him, but he actually has a brain of dealing with strategy and tactic, he is very good at leading a team dude !
*Ryuuji : I dont know man... 
*Leon : Just trust me... We have known each other for a long time. Have I ever been wrong before ?
*Ryuuji : Never
*Leon : So.... just do what I said then, he will be a great admiral, I can feel it. Beside, if anything goes wrong, I will take responsibility. I asked the ACE leaders for the permission of looking after him. I have full rights and responsibilities for him so you dont need to be worried about losing your rank if things dont go well
................
*Leon : Look, I know a person needs to be qualified with a lot of requirements in order to be chosen as an admiral for leading the shipgirl fleet in naval base. Its hard to find those people already, over a past 6 months, we only found 4. I know you are tired of looking for people meeting requirements too. So why dont you save yourself now, just accept him and let me handle the rest?
*Ryuuji : Alright, alright.... But to be clear, I still dont trust him, if anything bad happening to Brunei Anchorage under his command, you are gonna take care of that, not me ok ? I dont wanna stick around with those troubles and risk losing my rank in ACE !
*Leon : Deal !
*Ryuuji : Alright, random guy, what is your name ?
*Fong : Hold on, I sti....
*Leon : Fong, please, listen to me, we really need you in this war, its very rare to have people with a great brain of leading the team and making strategy in tight situations, you are happened to be one of those few people. If not because of me, at least do it because of the world peace. I know, despite the incident two years ago, you still care about people, you dont entirely hate society at all right ?
''I looked away from Leon, tried to avoid the question''
*Leon : Beside, we are in Brunei right now, which is 1500 km away from your home, since this is an island with ACE's influence, I pretty much control everything on this island, which includes locking you in this island unless I say otherwise. So what are you gonna do ? Swimming all the way home ? Huh ?
*Fong : Ahhhhhhhh , FINE ! But for the record, I hate you so much !
*Leon : Wonderful, lets begin then Ryu !
*Ryuuji : Ok, you are Fong right, I still dont believe you are capable of this job, but nice to meet you
*Fong : Me too, Ryuuji
*Ryuuji : Ryu is fine, cmon, follow me to the main HQ of Brunei Anchorage
*Fong : Oh wait, before that, Leon !
''Leon turned around and I outright punched him in the face, pretty hard''
*Fong : That was for knocking me out earlier, we are even !
*Leon : Lol ok.... aw... ! ''nose bleeding''
<br/>
We then proceeded to the location of HQ, passing through a lot of beautiful scenery along the way. For a small island like this, its surprising that nature here really resembles Japan. I heard from Leon, Hiro is a japanese guy, he really likes his country, so he made use of this war to spread the beauty of japan around the world, including creating a japanese flora right in Brunei. Its never boring to see Sakura tree around to be honest, I started liking this place already.<br/>
And then.... the look of HQ outright disappointed me, it looks so old and sloppy, some parts of the roof are even missing. Turns out that Brunei Anchorage has the least care from ACE, I guess we gotta cope with it somehow .... damn it.....These bad facilities made me feel homesick already. ''I hate you Leon !''<br/>
I was taken to upstairs where I got to wear the admiral uniform. The uniform is all white, but I feel very hot when wearing it, and its kinda tight too, had to ask Leon to fix the size somehow. While we were still in my own office, we had a little chat :
*Fong : I heard that some people here called you Jack, what is that all about anyway ?
*Leon : Oh dont mind about that, I dont want people to know my real name, so I made a fake name instead, Jack Razer. I dont want people to know that I'm Iroha's brother thats all lol, they will tease her and make fun of me at the same time
*Fong : Oh I see...
*Leon : Beside, I'm a high-ranking commander in ACE, I know a lot of things when it comes to intelligence and classified plans, not just from ACE alone, but also from every other agencies around the world like CIA, PSIA, or Interpol. ACE even assigned as a special agent on several occasions. I know the risk of joining a war organization like ACE might pose a great danger to my family, had to change my name and fake my own profile for safety you know.<br/>
*Fong : That means... even you two are in a same organization, you two rarely meet each other ?
*Leon : Thats right, dude ! You gotta know that whenever we want to meet, we have to use Internet for private talk or wait till dark to meet outside !
*Fong : Life is hard isnt it lol..... Man ... I wanna meet Iroha again , its been two years, she is still in Japan ?
*Leon : Ya.... That girl is like you, she never wants to go outside unless she needs to, alway stays in a room like a neet
*Fong : Im not a neet !
*Leon : Whatever, at least she has a mind of IT, she helped ACE develop a lot of advanced technologies for this war
*Fong : Still smart as usual eh, reminds me of the time when we used to be in a same class, and she is alway gets the best grade

After talking, Leon and Ryuuji showed me the whole naval base, important places such as Repairing Dock, The Factory (Both shipgirl-constructing and shipgirl modernization occur here), Shipgirl's Dormitory, Canteen, The Barrack for ACE soldiers, and a small town near the naval base where normal citizens are living. I even learned how shipgirls are made, how this war began, and what I have to do in this war (I actually knew a bit of this war before joining ACE though, just kinda vague...). Turns out shipgirls have the soul of sunk/decommissioned real-life warships. They all are very good at fighting at sea, especially against abyssal forces, they will play an important role to win this war. <br/>
The first shipgirl was automatically assigned to this base, waiting for an admiral to check in. I still remember her, she was Fubuki. I had trouble trying to get used to her in the first few days, since after that incident, I stopped making new friends, no longer trusted the society. But time passed, eventually, when I saw her smile, something inside me, told me that I wanted to protect this smile. Perhaps this is a great way to start over again, I cant be depressed forever right ?<br/>
About Ryuuji, he tended to question my ability (Oh ya... Im an admiral of the port, Ryuuji is only Lieutenant of the port, that effectively made me higher than him, despite being a rookie lol), sometimes, he was even angry at me when I messed up things, even complained to Leon about me (My first time working as an admiral, give me a break seriously !). One day, I was tired after studying a lot of navy knowledge, even fell asleep at my desk. Ryuuji saw me, woke me up and brought me a coffee can to help me stay awake. He even told me to try my best, but not to push myself so hard. Despite his suspicion anyway, I think I and Ryuuji just got closer a bit.<br/>
''I took my coffee can, went to the window, looking at the night outside to relax myself. Leon went pass my room, apparently going to the bathroom, but still saw me awake, decided to check out''
*Leon : You are still awake, its 3 AM already, get some sleep dude !
*Fong : I will.... after finishing those books that is.....
*Leon : ..... So how do you think, for the past 3 days being here ?
*Fong : I think you are right... This experience may be not bad at all, I guess I can take this opportunity to start over again
*Leon : Good for you, kidnapping was worth it lol
*Fong : Oh shut up... ''Leon's phone is ringing''
*Leon : Sorry, I have to take this, dont stay up too late ok?
*Fong : Ok
''Leon went out of my office and took the call''
*Leon : Seriously Yuki, cant you wait for tomorrow morning ?
*Yuki : I need a report right now, how is he doing ?
*Leon : Fine, everything is going smoothly right now, he is getting used to it btw, I believe he can do it 
*Yuki : Alright then.. Oi ... You still havent said anything about '''the cycle''' to him right ?
*Leon : Nope..
*Yuki : Good, it would be better if a normal person like him doesnt know about it
*Leon : I know, war comes with sacrifice. I will make sure to keep him away from knowing the truth dont worry
*Yuki : Better be....Oh btw, Iroha is gone, I cant find her in our IT lab
*Leon : What ?!?? What happened to her ?
*Yuki : I dont know, but we cant find her suitcase either, and her laptop is gone, I think she is going somewhere
*Leon : omg, my dumb sister .... !!! Ok thanks for telling me....
*Yuki : Remember our plan Jack, keep it a secret !
*Leon : Ok ok ''hangs up the phone''
''Where the hell is she now ? - Leon wondering''
<br/><br/>
'''Brunei Anchorage Military Airbase'''<br/>
'''5/2/2015 - 4:30 AM'''<br/>
A private plane of ACE just landed.... a short girl carrying the laptop walked down the plane, looking at the HQ of Brunei Anchorage naval base before heading towards it.<br/>

|-|E2=
4 AM already, I wanted to sleep so bad. I went to my bed and outright slept due to being too tired already. I once again dreamt about that incident again. My friends accused me of stealing 50 million VND of my high school budget, but I swear I didnt do it, I was set up ! I wanted to scream.... I wanted to yell at them ''Why none of you trust me, I thought we are friends !'', but they all looked at me as if I were a thief.<br/>
Well... Not all of them... 3 friends in my class, Takeru Tokuda, Sakuya Mizuno and Kaiki Shigara, went to my home to appease me about the incident afterwards. Its good to have friends in these situations. I felt better a bit until my school decided to suspend me for a whole year, I felt worse again...<br/>
I was arrested by the police and got questioned about the incident a lot too, but who would believe me anyway. Luckily I had my parents.........oh wait... my parents ???<br/>
''I forgot to tell my parents where I have been OMG !''<br/><br/>

----
I quickly found Leon and asked him several things :
*Leon : Oh your parents ? Dont worry about them lol. I told them that you are having a business abroad, its gonna take like at least a year to finish it. They asked me to keep an eye on you btw
*Fong : Oh good ! I thought they were looking for me, must have been panic or something!
*Leon : Trust me, they wouldnt care if you went missing anyway lol
''I tried to punch him but he avoided it, that guy kept irritating me seriously !''
*Leon : Anyway, someone is waiting for you at the beach, go check it out will you? I have other things to do so see you soon
*Fong : Wait the beach ? That beach ?
*Leon : Yes
*Fong : The beach that I have to go through a forest to get to ?
*Leon : Yes, that one, have fun !
*Fong : Aww I hate forest, I hate you too Leon !
I immediately left the HQ, but not before going pass the lobby where I saw Fubuki sitting, talking with the other 3 new shipgirls sitting on the other side : Kiso, Isuzu and Ikazuchi. Fubuki ran to me, asking where I was heading to, all I said was I had to do some business outside. She acknowledged it and told me to be careful before going back to hang out with the other shipgirls again. Seeing Fubuki having fun with other shipgirls, I felt happy too (At least deep inside me....).<br/>
I went into the forest, and like usual, I dont like insect and weird ass trees in this area, it always creeps me out ! I was walking in the middle of forest, almost reaching the beach, then suddenly someone with a black mask jumped out of nowhere, tried to attack me with his knife. With my basic instinct, I immediately fought back, successfully knocked his knife away and had a little CQC with him, eventually throwing him to the ground. I was about to beat him to death but then that guy ordered to stop, revealed to be Leon in disguise ! While I was still shocked about what just happened, somebody behind me, sitting on a tree, fired a bullet at me. I quickly dodged it, grabbed the gun of Leon who dropped it earlier during CQC and shot at the direction that the bullet came from, hitting a bough. That bough quickly fell down followed by a scream of a young girl.<br/>
I held my gun, slowly went to that direction, to find a girl who has the same uniform like one of the shipgirls I saw earlier, except the hat with anchor emblem. It seems the fall caused a sprain in one of her legs :
*Leon : You may be stupid in studying, but when it comes to combat and strategy, no one can beat you. Even after two years of isolating yourself and not participating in any war-game, you still have the skills eh ?
*Fong : What do you mean ?
*Leon : Ya.... We were testing you... to check if you still remembered how to combat properly... It worked better than .... I expected ... arhhh !
*Fong : No wonders... I was kinda susprised too man, I thought someone was trying to kill me .... Are you OK right there ?
*Leon : No... I think you broke some of my bones.... ahgghh... You can go back to .... HQ now... ahrg....And Im.... going to see a doctor...
*Fong : Your fault alright? Next time, dont sneak attack me !
*Leon : Alright dude....
*Fong : Wait, what about her th... ''I turned around and she already went to the direction of HQ, walking slowly with the pain in her leg'' , Oi , where are you going .... Girl ?
*Leon : She will be fine.... Follow her if you want... arghhh ... I should .... get going.... bye dude !
I followed the girl out of the forest and reached the Repairing Dock. Along the way, I asked what her name is, she only said.<br/>
''2nd ship of Akatsuki-class Destroyer, Hibiki, The Phoenix'', '''turning around to face me''', ''Nice to meet you shireikan'''<br/>
I wouldnt dare to continue to the bathroom, so I went back to HQ myself, Ikazuchi suddenly rushed to repairing dock too, I had to ask Fubuki what happened with Ikazuchi, turns out that she was looking for Hibiki the whole morning and worried about her a lot. Man... Sister love... never gets old Im saying !<br/>
<br/>
'''BA Military Hospital - 5/2/2015 11:30 AM'''
*Ryuuji : So... you tried to attack him, but he turned the table and kicked your ass instead ?
*Leon : Yes... pretty much
*Ryuuji : That looks so painful btw ''Seeing his doctor trying to connect part of Leon's bones while Leon screaming in pain.... That definitely looks painful, no jokes !''
*Leon : ah ahh...hhha... ha ......Anyway..... Any news about Iroha ... ?
*Ryuuji : Nothing... You know she is good at covering her tracks btw, its gonna take a while to track her down...Although....
*Leon : Although ?
*Ryuuji : There was an ACE plane landed suddenly this early morning, we werent informed anything about that flight. But before we get to investigate about it, it flew away already, rip...
*Leon : Hmmm.... Are you thinking what Im thinking ? ARGHHHH ''His doctor did it again''
*Ryuuji : Yeah....Maybe.... just maybe ok ? ... She was on that plane ... And she is on the island ... right now.
<br/>
I decided to check out the factory a bit, happened to see a short girl showing the laptop screen to 2 ACE soldiers guarding outside the factory. She immediately left afterwards. Judging the height, the look and the way she carries the laptop, I swear to god that girl looks like Iroha. I asked those soldiers what they were talking about :
*Fong : That girl, what were you two talking about with her?
*ACE soldiers : Oh admiral, you are right on time ! Iroha-sama told us that if you happened to do another shipgirl construction, please hold the build button for 3 seconds then release
*Fong : ''Oh so that was really Iroha eh''. Ok... but why ?
*ACE soldiers : We dont know, but if she said so, better listen to her, admiral. Its not like the machine is gonna blow up if you hold the button for too long lol
*Fong : Alright, thanks 
I went check out the shipgirl construction machine, just to realize that I couldnt change the input number of resource, pressing up and down on screen didnt do anything, the screen was locked dead with the number chain 666/666/666/666
*Fong : Oi, did any of you mess up the machine with the satan joke?
*ACE soldiers : What do you mean ? ''running towards the machine''
*Fong : This thing is rigged, somebody locked the input, I cant change the number
*ACE soldiers : ''666 lol''. Oh... Probably Iroha-sama did it
*Fong : Iroha ?
*ACE soldiers : Yah... we saw she used her laptop, connected a wire to this machine, then did something on her laptop, probably tried to manipulate the machine or something. 
*Fong : Ok....
*ACE soldiers : Did you do what she said , admiral ?
*Fong : Not yet, but here goes, you two better be right about this thing not gonna blow up !
*ACE soldiers : TAKE COVER !
*Fong : What ???
I held the '''build''' button for 3 seconds then released, smoke were released around the machine quickly, all of us had a good cough
*Fong : .... What the hell..... was that ???
*ACE soldiers : ''cough''. Admiral, look !
I saw the input number of resource screen went back to normal, also the timer for the construction was written : 6:00:00
*ACE soldiers : Wow, 6 hours, we havent constructed anyone with more than 4 hours admiral !
*Fong : Is this a good thing ?
*ACE soldiers : It is ... I heard from Lieutenant before, high timer = better and stronger shipgirl
*Fong : Alright then..... Im going outside a bit ''cough'' , you two take care of the smoke here ''cough''....
Still surprised about Iroha is on the island right now, I need to look for her. But then Ryuuji pulled me into study again gdi !<br/>
This time, I learned something new, about how shipgirls can be obtained in the battle at sea. Whenever abyssal enemy died, there is a small chance its body wont sink and stay afloat. These abyssal creatures are a rare type, as inside the body, there is a living soul not want to go back to the depth, it will try its best to stay afloat, avoid the depth as long as possible. These bodies can be brought back to HQ, and via several methods, will turn them into a shipgirl with the soul living inside I said earlier.<br/>
Basically, shipgirls sink abyssal creatures, some of those abyssal creatures can be brought back to life, turn them into new shipgirls and continue supporting the war along with the other shipgirls.<br/>
Usually I would fall asleep whenever Leon and Ryuuji teach me something, but damn, today, this topic was so interesting that it kept me awake ! Knowing that actually motivated me to try harder tbh. <br/>
Another day passed, I was forced to study a lot again, and went to bed pretty early, forgot about Iroha too.<br/>
<br/>
'''Downtown Cafe - 5/3/2015 7:15 AM'''
*Leon (sitting on the wheelchair) : Ok... Im gonna ask you a question, be honest about it ok ?
*Fong : Ok.. '' oh wow I smacked you so hard that you need to sit on a wheelchair lol ? ''
*Leon : Are you a luck god ?
*Fong : No... why that question ?
*Leon : I just checked the factory, apparently you just built one of the rarest shipgirls in the war dude !
*Fong : Oh really, who is it ?
*Leon : A girl from Carrier Division 5, Zuikaku, she is one of the strongest aircraft carriers, that will help you a lot in this war !
*Fong : Damn man !
*Leon : Only one person got Zuikaku as of this time, you are a second one dude, you should be proud
*Fong : Lol... Sorry about those injuries anyway
*Leon : This is nothing, I have been through worse than this before
*Fong : Still, your movement is limited for a while
*Leon : Hey, I can still kick your ass while sitting, dont underestimate me !
*Fong : Ok ok...''Looks at the dount''. You know, seeing dount reminds me of Iroha, she really likes it
*Leon : She does ?
*Fong : Cmon Leon, you have forgotten how I first met her already ? She was lost trying to find the way home, but then I saw her, and she kept looking at the dount I was carrying, so I gave her one, and she outright followed me lol
*Leon : Oh yeah... And you brought her all the way home, happened to be my home too
*Fong : Still susprised that you have a lovely sister, no one knew about her existence at the time man !
*Leon : Again, its her nature, she rarely goes out, so of course not many people know her anyway
*Fong : Good times...
*Leon : Speaking of her, did you happen to see Iroha here ? I believe she is on the island, but I dont know where she is now
*Fong : I saw her in the factory yesterday
''Leon spitted out coffee upon hearing it, to the foods on the table too''
*Fong : Well ''throws the fork and knife away''. There goes my breakfast !
*Leon : ''cough'' Wait.... what ?? She was ...''cough'' in HQ yesterday ?...
*Fong : Ya... havent talked to her directly though... why asking ? I thought you know she would come here 
*Leon : No I dont ! ''cough'', she left Japan without people knowing !
*Fong : Interesting, she must be bored of her lab in Japan, so she came here for a change I guess lol ?
*Leon : Maybe... But I need to find her first, god knows where she is, she is good at hiding herself seriously !
*Fong : I have an idea...
I bought a Dount, decided to use it to bait her while me and Leon waiting behind a nearby building
*Leon : Really ? Dount ? She is not a dog ok !
*Fong : Of course she is not, but trust me, she really likes Dount, if you wanna get her, this is the best way
*Leon : Yeah.. as if she would fall for that !
Iroha actually took the bait and slowly walked towards the dish of dount placed in the middle of the dock
*Leon : Are you kidding me ?
*Fong : Told you so !....
*Leon : IROHA !!!
Iroha startled, took the dount and ran away again, Leon immediately went after her. I warned him not to go too fast or he wouldnt be able to brake in time, but its kinda late.... During the chase, Leon lost the brake and went straight to the water
*Fong : Ya.... Somebody send help please... Because Im not jumping into the sea to save him !
''Iroha walks toward me and feels sorry for what she did''
*Fong : Iroha, he is gonna kill you.... ''pats Iroha's head''
*Iroha : .... I'm....... sorry.....
<br/>
Back in the lobby of HQ, 4 people sitting together, looking at each other. Me with happy face, Ryuuji with confused face, Leon with an angry face and Iroha trying to avoid Leon's vision, chewing Dount as if nothing happened
*Ryuuji : So.... let me get this straight.... you two, Jack and Iroha... are actually siblings ?
''Leon said yes while Iroha nodded her head''
*Ryuuji : So one of you used a fake name here, if its not Jack then....
*Leon : Nah its me... Im not Jack Razer, my name is Leon Higurashi btw
*Ryuuji : What a great .... news to hear ! Keep getting susprises oh boy ! First, it was about Fong's Zuikaku, now this. I wonder what kind of day today is 
*Fong : About Zuikaku, it was Iroha's doing though. She somehow rigged the machine and I got Zuikaku... yay !
*Ryuuji : Sasuga IT professor
*Leon : She is good at those technologies, no wonders, it was not your luck at all Fong !
*Fong : Whatever
*Leon : Anyway, now I have a question for you Iroha. You have been running away from me everytime I want to meet you recently, whats with you Iroha ?
*Iroha : ...Trophy.....
*Fong : Trophy ?
*Leon : That one ? Because of that, you have been avoiding me ?
''Iroha nodded her head''
*Fong : Whats with the trophy btw ?
*Leon : Three months ago, she went into my office in Japan, said she wanted to show me something. I was busy so I told her to stay there waiting, but then she saw a big glorious trophy I got from ACE for winning the battle, somehow she slipped her hands and dropped it, outright broke it into pieces
*Fong : And let me guess... she is not good at hiding that at all
*Leon : Yeah, when I walked into my office, I saw her trying to connect the pieces again, but pretty hopeless, she started crying, and before I could say anything , she ran away. She has been avoiding me since then
*Fong : Damn...
*Leon : Look Iroha, Im not mad about that ok, the same with the last chase that pushing me into water too. So... can you at least look at me right now ?
*Iroha : Really....... You.... not mad ... ?
*Leon : Yeah... Its just a trophy anyway, and today was pretty hot too, sometimes swimming helps me relax lol
*Iroha : ''walks toward Leon and bows at him''. Sorry ...onii-chan....
*Leon : Alright ... ''pats Iroha's head''
*Ryuuji : You know Leon, for the record, I was pretty sure Iroha was on the island anyway
*Leon : How ?
*Ryuuji : I found somebody outside Brunei trying to delete the record of a flight in the database of airbase, think about it, only one person we know in ACE that is capable of breaking into airbase system from outside. At first, I didnt want to tell you, since I thought this is a random hacker's doing trying to hijack our base, but then I realized probably its Iroha's doing later on. I let my guard down eventually
*Fong : Still impressive as usual eh Iroha
*Leon : Since she is here anyway, may as well get her a room and you know... lock her there. It would be better if she stays in a room rather than go outside dude
*Ryuuji : Oh dont worry, we have plenty of rooms in HQ, pick one 
''Fubuki suddenly steps in the lobby''
*Fubuki : Shireikan, our shipgirls are ready for another fight
*Fong : Wait what fight ? I thought Im still learning ?
*Leon : yeaaaa.... change of plan... We have done studying here... Lets go for the real naval battles eh ?
*Fong : Say what ?
*Ryuuji : Time to show your mind of strategy, admiral ! Lets go
*Fong : Oi... where are you guys bringing me to...? 
<br/>
''Oh boy, thats gonna be fun.''
<br/><br/>
'''Brunei Anchorage HQ'''<br/>
'''5/3/2015 9:00 PM'''

|-|E3=
I was taken to the command room where I will lead the shipgirls to fight a battle against abyssal forces. There are several nearby seas annexed by abyssal forces and my naval base has to liberate those areas from them. While I was studying, Leon and Ryuuji helped me lead the fleet and liberate the sea in front of the naval base (1-1). Now I get to continue liberating the rest of the seas.<br/>
Well... taking back the seas from the enemy is one thing, but protecting them is another matter. My shipgirls have tried their best patrolling those seas and defending, reporting back to HQ repeatedly about those. I have had only 15 shipgirls as of that time, but damn, they did their jobs pretty well anyway.<br/><br/>
Now, for the next sea..... or.... uh .. operation... whatever ! The Nansei Island (1-2). Things got little difficult here, all the times I sortied my girls to 1-2, we kept finding random ammo floating on the water everywhere. It would be a waste so we kept grabbing those, only to get ambushed by enemies soon after.<br/>
My girls took a beating and the repairing dock quickly got occupied. I had to look at the sea carefully, wondering why ammo are everywhere. I quickly realized it was a bait from the enemies, they stole the ammo from the nearby pit and dropped them everywhere to lure us into another enemy force instead of the boss of that sea. As the ammo were everywhere, it was hard to identify the boss location so we were kinda stuck.<br/>
Ikazuchi and Hibiki quickly returned from sortie (The whole team but those two took pretty heavy damage), and met me in the command room. Ikazuchi then suddenly whispered something to Ryuuji, he just nodded his head, and she outright ran into Leon and stomped his left foot pretty hard with a smile on her face, saying :<br/>
''Next time, dont use my sister for your great plan again ok Commander ?''<br/><br/>
His scream was pretty loud..... painful ? I think it is... but hey, he deserved it lol !
----
'''Brunei Anchorage HQ - 5/6/2015 9:00 PM'''<br/>
Another long day, I cant believe that I have to write report about every sortie I did and send it to ACE. For the record, I hate reporting, which means, I start hating the job again, oh and one more thing, I hate you Leon !<br/>
Upon going back to my office, I saw Iroha in my room, looking for something in my closets. She then found the key, then quickly went pass me and ran out of the room before I got a chance to ask what was with her and what kind of key she had taken with. Once again, she is like ninja, she disappeared as soon as she was out of my room, this girl !<br/>
I didnt bother finding out what she was up to anyway, just went to bed afterwards. Meanwhile, Iroha with the key she took earlier, turned out to be the key for the telecommunication center of the naval base. She was stopped by 2 ACE guards upon stepping in the center, but when she showed them ACE IT-professor badge, they let her in, even escorted her to the main broadcasting room. From there, she used her laptop and typed something on screen, eventually gained the access to the radio tower. She also opened the control panel of radio tower, tried to adjust something before leaving the place.<br/>
<br/>
The next morning, while getting ready for another strategic meeting, I saw Leon walk into my office with a pretty serious look :<br/>
''You need to see this, go to the command room right now!''<br/>
Upon getting there, I saw a huge LCD screen on the wall, with Iroha sitting in the front of the screen using her laptop. While we were still confused about what is happening, she immediately transmitted the data from the laptop to the screen. The screen then showed the satellite map of Borneo Island, including the nearby sea where abyssal forces captured.<br/>
She then got out of the desk, rushing towards me
*Iroha : Fong-nii........ sortie..... shipgirls.....please......
''She stared at me intently, while I was about to ask her what is going on here. But then I realized, she really wanted me to do whatever she said, I had no choices but to play along''
*Fong : Sortie shipgirls ? You want me to sortie a fleet of shipgirls ?
''Iroha nodded her head''
*Fong : Ok... to where though ?
''Iroha then ran towards to her laptop, using her laptop to show what she needed to on the LCD screen. The huge LCD screen then zoomed in on the area of the Nansei Island (1-2). I outright knew that I needed to send a fleet of shipgirls to 1-2''.<br/>
Later on, more ACE soldiers and shipgirls, including Ryuuji, gathered around the room, shocked about the new LCD screen set up inside the room. While I was telling some of my shipgirls to go to 1-2, Iroha went for the radio we used to keep contact between the shipgirls and the naval base when they are on sortie, pulled some of the wires out of the radio then connected to her laptop, doing something with her laptop again. After my shipgirls finished getting ready, was about to sortie, Iroha pressed a wrong button, causing the earpiece of all shipgirls who were about to sortie, mine and Ryuuji's to give off an annoying high-pitched sound, startled all of us. She quickly said ''sorry'' before going back working with her laptop and eventually did something crazy on the LCD screen.<br/>
She successfully showed the location of whoever having those earpieces on the satellite map. By making use of radio signal transmitted to the earpieces the girls carrying, she can now track shipgirls location on the map. (Basically, whenever we use radio to talk to them or receive the message from them, the signal will also be sent back to Iroha's laptop, outright showing the location of the earpieces sending and receiving the signal on the map, thus showing the location of shipgirls as long as they still have the earpieces with them).<br/>
We can now hear what they are doing and see where they are on the map during sortie at the same time thanks to Iroha. I had to pat Iroha's head for what she has done.<br/>
<br/>
Still, it didnt help much for finding abyssal forces, all we saw on the screen were just 6 yellow dots moving farther away from the island (Those yellow dots are my shipgirls btw). Once again, all they saw are just ammo floating everywhere, they knew they are going to be ambushed again so they requested me to return to base asap. I was about to tell them to, until.....<br/>
*Iroha : Fong-nii ..... wait.....
*Fong : Why ? There is no point in ....
*Iroha : Cover ....ears.... !
*Fong : wh....
Before I got to ask why, a high-pitched sound once again was given off, but this time, not from any earpieces, its from the radio tower of the island, everyone on the island could hear it clearly.<br/>
While I was trying to cover my ears for that annoying sound, along with Leon.... oh wait ,... this guy didnt even give a damn about the sound.... He was hearing musics with his headphone all the time ! ... ..Anyway.... along with Ryuuji who was making confused face to me, asked me ''wtf'', Iroha slowly increased the audio frequency of that noise. At first I thought she was trying to torture people, but eventually we couldnt hear the sound anymore as it exceeded our hearing range. I wanted to rush towards Iroha and ask why she did that, but suddenly Leon, who decided to remove his headphone after the annoying sound ceased, stopped me :<br/>
''Dont worry, she know what she is doing..... Just watch... !'' 
<br/>
A moment of silence briefly occurred afterwards, then we all heard a long scream coming from the sea. That sound didnt look like something human could make, so it was definitely from the abyssal forces. Iroha quickly traced the source of that scream via the radio tower and turns out, the source of the scream was just only half a km north of the current location of shipgirls only. I quickly informed that to the girls and Hibiki, who was looking for the source of the sound, saw an enemy fleet running away from them. Fubuki soon leaded her fleet to pursue the enemy. A huge fight happened, but they managed to sink the entire enemy fleet, including the boss of 1-2 that they had never seen before, the operation finally succeeded !<br/>
The girls were so happy that they finally liberated the area after few days, I felt happy for them too. Iroha also smiled at the result, then leant back on her chair taking a rest
*Leon : Her plan was pretty clever you know....
*Fong : That look.... Dont tell me that you have already known what she was doing all along !
*Leon : I got my guess... turns out to be correct.. I asked several people around the island a while ago, it seems she had adjusted the radio tower of the island in order to transmit the signal whenever she wants to from her laptop. 
*Fong : Oh ...... Thats why she stole the key...
*Leon : She broke into your room and stole the telecommunication center key lol ?
*Fong : Ya... still sneaky as usual.....Anyway.... why did she want to do that though?
*Leon : Its for the abyssal forces. She might have known about the abyssal creature's weakness. Back in 2012, we ACE happened to find out that those abyssal creatures are very sensitive towards noise, especially the noise with high audio frequency, like that high-pitched noise you just heard a while ago. This discovery helped us a bit in the war, as whenever those creatures heard those high-frequency sound we made, they immediately became crazy and started losing control of themselves. Of course, this tactic didnt last long. Enemies became even more aggressive when they went crazy, the plan was quickly scrapped afterwards and never used again
*Fong : I get it... So Iroha once again used that weakness... to force the abyssal boss to show their real location right ?
*Leon : Yeah.... and somehow , your shipgirls managed to pull off a great battle and succeeded, lucky for them dude ! They could have been killed while fighting those crazy things !
*Fong : I see....
''I then took a look at Iroha, walking towards her''
*Fong : Hey Iroha... good jo...
''But then I saw she fell asleep on her chair already, she looked so cute when she is sleeping oh boy !''
*Fong : Leon ! She is asleep ! What are we gonna do with her now?
*Leon : Poor my sister ! ''Leon got Iroha out of her chair and carried her in his arms''. I'm gonna bring her back to her room, can you carry her laptop for me ?
*Fong : Oh sure...''Grabbed her laptop on the desk'', ok... lets go then... !
We then went upstairs, into Iroha's room and put her to bed
*Fong : Man... she sure helped me a lot right there, gotta thanks her later
*Leon : Thats my sister, alway helps people behind the scene. You should know while we were working in ACE, she solved like half of the problems ACE had, thus many people see her as a godlike genius, a very smart professor that has a look of a young angel !
*Fong : Hmmm .... interesting...btw..... she can sleep at this time of the day ? Its 11:00 AM right now !
*Leon : You would be susprised, she can sleep anytime dude ! ''Leon's phone rang''. Yo... close the door when you get out ok ? Business is calling me again, see you soon !
Leon then walked out of the room, while I put her laptop to the nearby desk. Seeing the laptop's power is still on, I wanted to check her laptop a bit, to know how she is working with her laptop. But Ryuuji interrupted my process when he went into Iroha's room, asked me ''What are you doing ?'' . I was startled that I accidentally closed her laptop screen pretty hard, only replied to Ryuuji ''Nothing'' before faking my laugh and went out of the room, hoping that Ryuuji didnt see what I was doing lol.<br/>
My shipgirls returned from the sortie and were waiting for me in the command room. They took a lot of damage, but they liberated the area, thats what mattered the most !<br/>
We all had a small party in the BA canteen, every shipgirls (I have had 20 girls as of this point), Ryuuji and several ACE soldiers came join the fun together. Seeing a great party like this, I wondered ''When was the last time I had a great time with my friends like this ?''. I went outside the canteen a bit, looking at the moon in the sky, it helped calm my soul to make me stop thinking about my sad past again. The peaceful moment didnt last long (again) when Fubuki and her friends got out of the building and asked me to go back inside to join them. I refused to at first, until I heard a loud laugh coming from the canteen, the shipgirls were having so much fun inside because of the game they were playing, the dice game. Whoever got the number that the dice landed on will be splashed in the face with a cup of iced water (Pretty cold no kidding !). I had to tell them not to waste the water, but then Fubuki challenged me to play the game too, without getting splashed once. I had no choices but to take the deal, told her '''Ohhhh.... you are on !''' and went back inside the canteen with Fubuki and her friends.
<br/>(Now I think about it, Fubuki's hair was wet when I saw her, I thought she went to the bathroom, did her number get rolled a lot lol ?)<br/>
<br/>
The party eventually ended at 1:00 AM, all shipgirls slowly returned to the dormitory while I helped people clean up the mess in the canteen. Ryuuji was so tired so he decided to go to sleep first, leaving me cleaning up the mess alone (Maybe not alone, few ACE people helped me there too).
<br/><br/>
Meanwhile.... '''BA - Iroha's room - 5/8/2015 1:15 AM'''<br/>
Iroha woke up, saw the paper bag of dount I put in the room. She carried the bag with her with a happy face before sneaking out of the room. Ryuuji, who was about to go to bed, saw her through the window going somewhere outside the HQ. Iroha then used her phone, called someone while walking.<br/>
A girl who was sleeping in her house, Tokyo, Japan, then took the call :
*Iroha : Ayako..... I need .....a favor........
*Ayako : Iroha-san ??? Where have you been ? Did you know I was looking for you ?
Ayako then stopped talking, listened to the phone carefully
*Ayako : Right now ? Are you sure.... ?
*Iroha : Yes..... Im waiting...... at the piers......
Iroha then stopped the call, while Ayako got out of her bed and dressed up, going somewhere outside.<br/>
<br/>
'''BA Piers - 5/8/2015 5:00 AM'''<br/>
Iroha was sitting on the piers, eating Dount, while waiting for someone there. Her patience quickly died out for waiting and she dozed off, until the sound of engine coming towards her woke her up. A yacht arrived at the pier, with a girl and few ACE people jumped off the yacht upon arriving
*Iroha : Late.....
*Ayako : Sorry Iroha-san, something went wrong along the way, but we managed to fix it lol
*Iroha : Is everything...... on the yacht ?
*Ayako : Yeah.... ''Iroha then walked towards the yacht, climbing into it, Ayako soon followed her'' . Hey.... can I at least get a thanks ? You asked me to do all these stuffs in midnight you know !
Iroha didnt say anything at all, only focused on unpacking the stuffs Ayako brought on her yacht, causing Ayako to tell Iroha to ignore the thanks anyway.<br/>
While Iroha was still busy on the yacht, Ayako jumped off it and decided to check out the island a bit. But then, she realized someone is watching her and Iroha behind the wall of a nearby warehouse
*Ayako : ''Pulling out her pistol and starts yelling''. I know you are there ! So stop hiding and come out, whoever you are !
Iroha then heard Ayako's voice, decided to check it out too by walking in the direction Ayako aiming her pistol at. Ayako had to grab Iroha's shoulder to stop her
*Ayako : Wait Iroha-san, get behind me, you may get harmed !
Both of them then slowly walked towards the person who was watching them
*Ayako : Last chance, dont blame me if you ate a bullet ok !
That person eventually gave up, put his hands up and walked towards them, turns out to be someone Iroha knows.

<br/>
<br/>
'''Brunei Anchorage Piers'''<br/>
'''5/8/2015 5:10 AM'''
|-|E4=
The person who was watching them the whole time turns out to be Ryuuji. Ayako still didnt know about his identity and she kept aiming her pistol at him, until Iroha told her to put her gun away.<br/>
Ryuuji saw Iroha walking outside the HQ alone at night, worrying about her safety, he decided to follow her, happened to see everything between her and Ayako along the way too. Ayako didnt believe him until he showed ACE badge, she had no choices but to let him go afterwards.<br/>
Iroha then pulled him to the yacht, asked him whether he could bring all the stuffs on the yacht to her room. He gladly said ''Sure'' and, along with few ACE soldiers who was on the yacht and Ayako, together brought the stuffs to her room in HQ.<br/>
While carrying those boxes, he asked Ayako
*Ryuuji : I see you also have a badge like mine, what are you doing anyway ?
*Ayako : Im her guardian... Iroha's bodyguard (More like babysitter lol)
*Ryuuji : O wow, she has a bodyguard too? Kinda susprised right there !
*Ayako : A little girl like her needs protection dont you think? (Technically Im younger than her, Im only 17...)
*Ryuuji : Agree.... hey ... you know my name anyway..... what is your name, full name I meant, its not just '''Ayako''' only right ?
*Ayako : Kayano, Ayako Kayano
*Ryuuji : Kayano ? Dont tell me your father is.....
*Ayako : Yeah... one of the big 7 in ACE... '''Hitomaru Kayano'''
*Ryuuji : .........
''That guy looks so scary and is a pretty cold person, yet he has a beautiful daughter like her..... ???''
*Ayako : Oi ! We are leaving you behind you know !
*Ryuuji : U...... uh.... h .. sure .... wait for me !
He was a bit shocked upon knowing he just talked to one of the old ACE leaders's daughter
<br/>
(Who isn't shocked about that lol)<br/>
<br/>
----
'''Sydney, Australia - 5/8/2015 8:00 AM'''<br/>
Leon was seen talking to someone :
*Leon : Sorry to disturb you, but I need a favor, David
*David : Better be good, what do you need ?
*Leon : I want you to renovate one of my friend's naval base. Most of the buildings there, especially the HQ and dormitory, are pretty old already, there are cracks and holes everywhere on the wall, even the roof !
*David : Wait, your naval base? Is this ACE again ?
*Leon : Yeah.....
*David : No !
*Leon : Oh cmon dude, you still havent been through it yet ? Two years have passed, let it go !
*David : I dont want to remind myself about it again OK ! Im sorry, but I cant help you, anything but ACE !
*Leon : mmmm...... I took the fall for you , dont forget !
*David : ''Slamming the table''. Dont bring that up again, you did that on your own, I never asked you to !
*Leon : Yes, but if I didnt do so, you would be in prison right now... I did that because we are friends, I care about you, I couldnt let your mistake ruin your whole life !
Both of them stopped talking for a while, until Leon started again....
*Leon : Look David, I know, its gonna be hard for you, to stick around with ACE again, but right now, this naval base really needs an architect to design new buildings for the war. We cant fight properly if the infrastructure are bad you know !
*David : Why would you ask me then, there are many architects out there !
*Leon : Because you are the best kind, since you moved to Sydney, you helped the government design a lot of new buildings, they look pretty cool and firm too, even your house where we are staying right now looks like a mansion, you are good at designing dude !
David didnt say anything, Leon continued anyway
*Leon : If that still cant persuade you, then take a look at this.... ''Leon threw a bunch of photo of shipgirls doing things around the island everyday on the table, they look pretty happy in the photos''. These girls fight hard everyday, just to bring us the peace we all need. I feel bad for them that they have to live in an old and dirty dormitory that may be.... I dont know.... collapsed one day ? So ya.... If its not for ACE.... can you at least do it for those girls ? Just take it as a charity, donation or whatever... because I know... inside your heart, you care about them like how you used to care about your old comrades, never abandoned people and alway helped people who had bad time suffering in the war
*David ''thinking for a while'' , ''still declined anyway''. Leave !
*Leon : Seriously, that doesnt work either ?
*David : I said leave !
*Leon : Ok Ok ''stands up and walks out of the room with his ACE soldiers''. You know, if you changed your mind, just call me, you know my number ! 
David took a look at those photos again with an annoyed face while Leon was driving away from David's house.
<br/><br/>
Back in '''BA HQ''', the HQ looked pretty boring when I woke up, 9:00 AM already, Ryuuji was still nowhere to be seen, probably still sleeping. Leon went somewhere too, god knows where. I decided to check out the dormitory, most of the shipgirls were still sleeping too OMG ! On the way out, a piece of the ceiling fell on my head, hurt as hell ! I had to complain about that to the dormitory owner, '''Hitoshi Tadano''', he agreed that we had to move to somewhere else, or renovate this place soon, the dormitory and other buildings around the island used to support the war are kinda old already.<br/>
Probably I should scout the information of the next area we are gonna liberate, so I went into Iroha's room, only to find out that her door was locked ! I ordered Iroha to unlock the door, but then someone else, another girl, taller than Iroha, opened the door a bit, told me that Iroha was busy, didnt want anyone to interrupt her business. That girl was new to me, I never saw her before, I only got to know her name '''Ayako Kayano''' before she slammed the door and locked it again.<br/>
11:00 AM, I decided to do some report and listen to the radio at the same time. The moment the radio station announced ''There is a tropical cyclone heading towards the island'', I immediately looked through the window, noticed the sky were getting dark, kinda cloudy outside. I also saw Ryuuji running towards the HQ downstairs, outright went to my office and apologized me for getting up late. I think he was tired after the party yesterday anyway, so whatever, I didnt mind about it much.<br/>
I and Ryuuji then walked towards the command room :
*Ryuuji : Here....take this ''threw his handbook to me''.. Next time, you dont have wait for me to inform you about the area, just get it yourself
I opened his handbook, saw all the areas that were captured by abyssal forces there. I only said to him ''Thanks'' before putting it in my pocket.<br/>
While walking, I noticed the wind blowing around the island were getting stronger, causing the HQ building to make some creaking sounds. Like Hitoshi said, the buildings around here are pretty old already, I wonder if they could withstand the storm approaching the island right now.<br/>
I quickly setup a plan for the sea around the Coastal Refinery (Map 1-3). Luckily, the LCD screen used to track shipgirl's location can work on its own without the need of Iroha's laptop, I can trace shipgirls at anytime I want as long as they still have the earpieces with them. Once again, Fubuki was chosen to be the flagship to lead a fleet and went into map 1-3, but the storm quickly stopped them from going any farther. They couldnt see anything clearly under the heavy rain, so I ordered them to stop and return to the base immediately. I was hoping I could finish the job before the storm actually kicked in, I was wrong then !<br/>
Just before Fubuki arrived back to the shore, she noticed a certain shipgirl, standing on the pier, enjoying the cool wind. She thought that girl was harmless, so she didnt give it much thought, about who she is and why she was there anyway.<br/>
<br/>
A heavy rain soon fell down around the island too, with thunder occasionally struck. Iroha also noticed (From her room) the rain were getting heavier and her room had water dripping here and there, it seems there was roof leaks in her room, just like the command room right now. Iroha feared that the water might cause her devices to burnout, so she asked Ayako to move the devices to somewhere safe that water couldnt damage them, while in the command room, I outright turned off the LCD screen after I noticed several water drop falling on top of the screen from the roof.<br/>
Fubuki and her fleet quickly ran into the command room, they all were wet and I suggested them stay here instead of going back to the dormitory or the repairing dock until the rain is stopped. I even threw few towels to them to help them dry themselves. Seeing a huge storm like this, Ryuuji became worried so he rushed to his house, checking if it was still fine, leaving me alone with those shipgirls. The girls were terrified of the storm so I had to calm them down while trying to call Hitoshi to make sure the other shipgirls would stay inside the dormitory. However, a thunder struck the radio tower, causing all kinds of communications to be lost temporarily, didnt get a chance to check the dormitory in the end!<br/>
Two horrible things soon happened afterwards. Due to the storm, part of the dormitory got its roof blown away by the strong wind, also, the storm caused a huge tree to fall on the power room outside, created an explosion and most buildings around the island lost electricity too (Some of the buildings had backup power source, which my HQ didnt have apparently !). All I heard next were just random scream from the shipgirls in the HQ, had to yell at them for them to shut up and relax.<br/>
The rest of the shipgirls who were inside the dormitory earlier rushed towards the HQ, including Hitoshi as the dormitory's roof was kinda blown away. We all gathered in the command room, tried not to be panic as the room (Probably the whole HQ too) was kinda dark, barely saw anything ! The girls then suddenly got behind me, saying that there were white light coming towards this room, probably a ghost in this darkness (Its 1PM btw, why would there be a ghost in the middle of the day? Actually.... the HQ was pretty dark to be able to see anything, I guess it makes sense lol....), turns out to be Iroha and Ayako carrying the flashlight who were heading towards the command room.<br/>
Ayako then introduced herself as a guardian of Iroha, who has a responsibility to take care of her. I also got to know her full name, '''Ayako Kayano''' before she got pulled away by the shipgirls, who asked Ayako to look after them too. She quickly got along with them and kept them calm better than I did though. I then looked at Iroha, who was sitting next to the window, waiting for the rain to stop while trying to build some kind of device (She kept welding the circuits and connecting a bunch of wires together, I honestly didnt know what she was doing, and I didnt wanna know either !). My shipgirls then pulled Ayako out of the room, I didnt know what was going on there, so I grabbed the flashlight and followed them too. Another piece of the ceiling fell on my head while running upstairs, caused me to yell ''Seriously, again ??''.<br/>
Turns out that the girls heard Ayako had a playing-card deck, which could really help them kill time during this unfortunate incident (I didnt know shipgirls know how to play card games, no wait.... Is playing card games here even legal ??). Ayako stopped by Iroha's room to get the deck, then quickly returned to the command room downstairs with the girls. I took this opportunity as Ayako forgot to lock the door, noticed Iroha's room was full of unknown devices and electronic stuffs. I outright shut the door and was like ''Wtf ??'', then followed the girls too (Again... Iroha is doing weird stuffs again, I dont wanna know, and its definitely not my business !).<br/>
But then, Iroha ran out of the command room, carrying the device she was working on with her, told us not to play in the command room, as the rain started coming in through the roof. I then told the girls to go into my office instead, while asking Iroha and Ayako to help put the blanket on top of the LCD screen in the command room to prevent the rain drop from damaging the screen. Another huge noise was heard upstairs, coming from my office probably. We rushed towards the office just to see the girls trying to shut the window to keep them away from the storm and wind outside, ''I forgot to close the window this morning didnt I ?''.<br/>
I then helped them shut the window, but it was stuck or something, we couldnt move it. I then suggested the girls use all the forces we had to pull it, only to get the hinges and the whole window to fall off outside the HQ (I hope no one was down there lol). We had to grab some board to cover the hole of the window, problem temporarily solved. I wanted to take a rest after running around finding the board, but Iroha pulled me to the corner, asked me if I wanted to Xiangqi. We used to play this game in school together few years ago, it reminded me a lot of fun times playing this game. I played the chess with her because I had nothing better to do anyway.<br/>
The match started smoothly, until it got kinda complicated like after an hour and both of us barely made any movement. The match was getting so tense that the girls and Ayako who were playing cards together, had to stop for a bit to watch our match too. I had to drive them away as the moment they started looking at the chess board intently, I got even more worried and lost concentration !<br/>
Iroha beat me later eventually (took us another hour lol). Ayako told me ''Im suck'' and pushed me out of the chair, took over me instead. I wanted to hit her so bad, but she actually played the game better than I did, her match was even more intense than my match, kinda muddled Iroha up as well. While watching the match between Iroha and Ayako, the light from the flashlight we grabbed earlier and placed in the office to shine the room gradually died out (Battery is dying apparently). <br/><br/>
I thought I should go get some candles to light up my office. So I ran through the lobby and saw a lot of origami lying on the floor with Hitoshi sitting on the sofa making Origami, while Ryuuji sitting next to him playing the game on his phone (Since when Ryuuji returned here anyway...). I said hi to them... and they only replied to me with either a nod or a hand wave. They were so focused on whatever they were doing there, so ok, I didnt want to bother them much beside asking them one question only:
*Fong : Do you two know where I can get the candles ?
*Hitoshi : Inside the closet in the bathroom, ''He said that while making Origami, he was really paying attention to it''
*Ryuuji : ''Yells at his phone'', Oh cmon game, thats hardly fair !
I immediately went to the bathroom and left those two alone in the lobby, but not before Ryuuji shouted at me : ''Oh Fong, power cut btw, we will have electricity back on tonight dont worry !''<br/>
I grabbed the candles in the closet and went to my office just to realize I didnt have a match to light them up. Iroha then used her soldering iron to solve the problem, immediately burned the candles and the office got some light again, much to our relief. The rain outside got lighter (3:30 PM right now), I was kinda hungry so I asked the girls if they were starved too. They enjoyed their game so much that they forgot about lunch lol. I decided to go to the canteen to get some foods for us.<br/>
Now, lets talk about the canteen a bit, its kinda far away from the HQ. Usually, the shipgirls have to go there on foot (They do that everyday, and since the dormitory is only 300m east of the canteen. They have to go from the dormitory to the HQ on foot everyday anyway), but high-ranking people, such as me, Leon or Ryuuji, and several ACE soldiers, travel around the island by car instead (More like military car, you know what I mean !). So it only took me 10 minutes to go there and get back here, barely got wet by the rain.<br/>
The fun continued in my office, my shipgirls were both eating and playing the card game at the same time, they had multiple laughs too, made me happy when I saw them like that. I then talked to Ayako a bit while watching the chess match she was playing with Iroha, she then revealed to be a lieutenant commander in ACE (Lower rank than Leon), and like Leon, she had fought many battles against abyssal forces too, up to the point she had been chosen as a commander of a fleet used to fight the enemy on few dangerous seas. It goes without saying she has good combat skills like Leon does.<br/>
Ayako then asked me how I ended up in this island as like Ryuuji said before, she told me that I didnt look like a potential admiral at all ! I had to explain my story a bit, until the part with Leon, Ayako suddenly felt susprised when I mentioned his name
*Ayako : Wait.... Leon ... ?
She was so susprised that she lost focus on the chess match and made a wrong move
*Iroha : Checkmate !
*Ayako : What ? .... no wait... I didnt mean to do that !!! ''screaming''
*Fong : Lol.... Sorry.... Anyway, you know him ?
*Ayako : ''calmed down a bit''... Yeah... Leon Higurashi, one of the current commanders of ACE, we used to fight together. He is my boyfriend too !
*Fong : .... what ?
''Ayako stood up and moved away from the chair while I got confused''
*Fong : B...Boyfriend ?
*Ayako : Yeah... Leon didnt tell you ? We have been a couple for 3 years !
*Fong : No......
A certain shipgirl who was leaning against the wall the whole time, paid attention to both the other shipgirls and the chess match earlier, decided to play a match against Iroha too by sitting on the chair Ayako moved away earlier, much to our surprises.<br/>
I didnt bother asking who she was, but her chess playing skill was clearly as good as Ayako (Even better than me, Im really suck arent I ?). That shipgirl quickly attracted other shipgirl attention too, they all suddenly stopped playing cards and stuck around the girl who was playing against Iroha, watching the match intently (Even Ayako got attracted to it). I got pushed away by those girls, so oh well, I sit in the corner of the room, read the handbook Ryuuji gave me earlier to kill time. It seems there were more areas to liberate than I thought, total 20 of them, with 4 hotspots (called as EO) where enemies are very aggressive and tend to take back overtime due to its importance. I was still at map 1-3 so still a long way to go eh?<br/>
<br/>
I fell asleep again, reading in the dark really made me fall asleep easily. The sound of clapping woke me up, those shipgirls gave an applause at the girl who played against Iroha earlier, she beat Iroha ! I walked towards that girl, showed my respect to her while Fubuki suddenly recalled that the girl she saw standing on the pier few hours ago turned out to be her.<br/>
I then asked her name, she turned around to face me, stood up and saluted, said<br/>
''Second ship of the Shiratsuyu-class destroyers, nickname Shigure of Sasebo, Shigure. Nice to meet you teitoku !''<br/>
The moment she finished her words, power went back on. Its 6:30 PM now and the rain finally ceased.<br/>
I then went to the lobby to check how Ryuuji and Hitoshi were doing. There were even more Origami on the floor ! Ryuuji was sleeping on the sofa while Hitoshi was sleeping on the floor. Both of them slept so soundly that didnt even realize we got power back
*Fubuki : What are we gonna do shireikan ?
*Fong : Ignore them....
I wanted to tell the girls to return to the dormitory, but the roof of the dormitory was gone (Kinda), I had no choices but to let them stay in the HQ tonight then.<br/>
<br/>
'''David's house - Australia - 5/8/2015 8:00 PM'''<br/>
David just came home from work, once again looked at the photos of shipgirls being happy around the island. He then heard the reporter on the TV announced that the storm had been damaging house and building around the island Leon mentioned. So he changed his mind, looked pretty annoyed (But still did it anyway) and called Leon
*Leon : ''phone ringing and he picks it up'', Hello ?
*David : Leon, about the favor... Im in !
*Leon : Oh good.... we can sta...
*David : But with one condition !
Leon then continued listening to David, he told his men to pack up the stuffs and moved out afterwards.<br/>
<br/>
Back in '''my HQ''', the power was back, but the signal was still dead, the radio tower was still being fixed. I had to clean up the mess the shipgirls made in my office earlier, trashes everywhere ! Ayako and Iroha saw me do that alone, felt pity for me so they decided to help me out too. The room was clean a bit, until the shipgirls ran into my office and made it dirty again (They were playing outside after dinner). I was so angry so I had to get them to clean up what they caused, soon turned into a chase around my HQ (Those girls were getting annoying, I started liking them less now oh wow). They ran so fast, I couldnt catch up with them, until they all fell on the floor as the leading girl tripped over Shigure's leg. I had to thanks Shigure and gave them a punch in their heads, told them to clean up my office for punishment.<br/>
Meanwhile, Ryuuji now has woke up, looked susprised because the light was back and it was 9:00 PM already, he forgot that he had some business to do so he immediately rushed outside, bumped into Ayako and apologized her for the bump before disappearing. ''Whats with him ?'', Ayako thought.<br/>
Ayako then continued having fun with the rest of shipgirls outside, while Iroha sitting alone on the bench building her stuff again. Ayako could get along well with the shipgirls but Iroha couldnt, I guess Iroha's preference of being alone and communication issue still made her hard to get along with people, especially the new ones. Hibiki noticed her sitting alone, so she asked Akatsuki, Ikazuchi and Inazuma to talk to her together, to make her feel less lonely. But the moment they got close to Iroha and said her name, Iroha immediately gave a scary look at them and said ''What?'', made them change their minds and only replied ''Nothing'' before going back to the other shipgirls (DesDiv6 looked a bit terrified due to Iroha's look too lol). Iroha realized she drove people away again, she leaned her back on the bench and let out a sigh.<br/>
I moved to the command room, just to see that the room was full of water due to the heavy rain, I had to clean it up, but then Shigure came in and wanted to help me, so I let her (She would help me even I said no anyway). The group of shipgirls i asked to clean up my office earlier saw me and Shigure cleaning the command room too, so they also helped us and felt sorry for the chase. I was like whatever, sometimes having a chase like that helps me exercise and reminds me of good old times with my friends too.... ya .... my friends.....<br/>
Shipgirls quickly got tired so they all decided to settle for a sleeping place. The HQ was clean that time and it had enough rooms for 25 shipgirls anyway. 4 empty rooms, 6 girls each room, we all agreed that. Some of the shipgirls wanted to go to the dormitory to get the pillows and blankets, but I was sure they were all wet due to the rain, so we had to improvise and make something for the girls to sleep. While making those, some of the shipgirls suddenly ran into the lobby, seeing Hitoshi was still sleeping on the floor (Is this guy gonna sleep the whole day holy crap !). They decided to pull a prank on him by using ink and pen to ruin his face. I wanted to inform them that we got enough stuffs for sleeping now, so I went to the lobby too, just to see my girls were ruining someone's face, even Ayako nearby didnt bother stopping them, tried her best not to laugh. But I gotta admit that it was funny to pull a prank like this too, I guess I could let my girls go for once lol.<br/>
Afterwards, 11:30 PM, we all went to sleep, hoping that this night would go by fast. I went into my office, seeing Iroha and Shigure were talking to each other. Iroha then left, ran into the HQ, passed my room and all the way to her room while Shigure noticed someone was watching her from the windows upstairs (Which is ..... me), I immediately avoided the windows, turns out she still didnt see me, but she disappeared when I took a look at outside again. That Shigure girl sure was something else... something made her different from the other girls.<br/>
No more thinking, I outright went to sleep, just let this night be done for !<br/>
<br/>
'''Sydney Airport - Australia - at the same time'''<br/>
*Leon : ''Hearing phone'', thats weird, I cant call any of them !
*David : Maybe their phones are turned off ?
*Leon : Ok whatever.... Im just gonna send a text later
David suddenly stopped a bit and took one last look at Sydney before getting on the plane
*Leon : So.... are you ready ? You sure you wanna do this ?
*David : Yeah... as long as we agree to my condition ! Lets go
Both of them then took off, flew away from Sydney

<br/>
<br/>
'''5/9/2015 - 12:30 AM'''
|-|E5=
Again, I dreamt about that incident when my friends accused me of stealing school's budget. It kept me awake and couldnt sleep peacefully. I then had a feeling someone was comforting me and hugged me. Not knowing who that was, but that person was warm and it helped me calm, made me sleep soundly for the rest of the night.<br/>
<br/>'''BA - My Office - 5/9/2015 8:00 AM'''<br/>
My phone just received a message, its sound woke me up and I realized it was morning already, also the radio tower was also fixed and the communication system was back. I read the text on the phone, the message was from Leon, he told me to get to the airport asap. I then put my phone away, yawned while stretching my arms, just to touch something right next to me on the bed. There was something, probably a bolster, under my blanket, next to me. But wait.... ''Did I even have a bolster on the bed before ??''<br/>
I then removed the blanket, turns out to be Shigure sleeping right next to me !<br/>
''Since when she got into my room ??? No wait ! Gotta recall.... what did I do last night....''<br/>
While thinking, Ayako opened my door, saying it was morning already. But the moment she saw Shigure on the bed, Ayako immediately ran towards me, pinned me on the wall and pointed the gun at my head :
*Ayako : Oi.... Fong.... or admiral.... Do you know that lewding a shipgirl = a death penalty in our organization ?
*Fong : Wait.... Hold up ! I can explain...
*Ayako : Shhhh.... You dont have to, you did some dirty things with Shigure didnt you ?
*Fong : No I didnt... ! Look !.....I didnt even know what is happening and how she got into my room, ok !
While trying to explain that to Ayako, Shigure woke up too and said ''Morning, teitoku !''
*Fong : Shigure ! Can you tell me how u got into my room ? Or at least.... explain that to Ayako ?...
*Shigure : Hmm ? ''Making an innocent face''
*Fong : Dont make that face !
*Shigure : ''smiled''
*Fong : Dont smile too !!
*Shigure : Ok.... teitoku didnt have anything to do with this Ayako-san. It was me, sneaked into teitoku's office so that I could get closer to him
*Ayako : You are one sneaky and smart girl arent you Shigure-chan ? ''Ayako then let me go, I thought she was gonna shoot me right there lol'', you do realize you violated his privacy right ?
*Shigure : Yeah.... ''She then looked at me'', but worth it lol.... Sorry teitoku...
*Fong : Ah ok..... whatever... get out of my bed !
Shigure then giggled a bit before leaving my room :
*Shigure : Oh... teitoku... give this back to Iroha-san please
She threw a hair clip at me and I grabbed it
*Fong : A hair clip ?
*Shigure : See you around... teitoku 
Shigure is a nice girl, sure, she is different from other girls too. But since she broke into my room without me noticing last night, she changed my thoughts about her and now I thought she was getting creepy and is a kinda unpredictable person, one of the weird people I have ever met !<br/>
*Fong : Oh...Leon sent a text btw, he said I should meet him at the airport, do you wanna come?
*Ayako : Leon is coming here ???? SURE !
Ayako looked so happy upon hearing the news, I couldnt say anything else to her but ''Okay......''<br/>
<br/>
----
'''BA Military Airport - 5/9/2015 9:00 AM'''<br/>
A private jet just landed with both Leon and David walked out of the jet slowly while we were waiting for them next to our car :
*Leon : Fong, Ryu, been a few days huh ! I want you two to m.....
While Leon was talking, Ayako jumped into Leon, hugged him, saying that she missed him so bad
*Leon : Ayako.... ? Ayako ! What are you doing here...??
*Ayako : Your sister called me a..... wait ..... is that David ?
*David : ''waving his hand at Ayako'', hi... lieutenant Ayako... long time no see lol...
*Ayako : ''pulling Leon away from David a bit''. Oi Leon.... are you sure you wanna bring him back? He didnt want to get involved with ACE anymore remember ?
*Leon : I know ... I know.... We had a deal, he will no longer be connected with us once he has done his jobs here anyway. But I have a better question, what are you doing here ?
*Ayako : Your sister, Iroha, called me to come here to give her necessary equipment. You know I am her guardian and secretary, she tends to use me as a slave for her stuffs lol
*Leon : Oh ye.... good times in ACE, she alway asked you to run some errands for her....
While Ayako and Leon were talking to each other, I and Ryuuji welcomed David to Brunei
*Fong : I heard Ayako called you David, what is your full name btw, oh and..... welcome to Brunei Anchorage !
*David : Thanks... my name is '''David Jager''', I am a well-known architect in Sydney
*Fong : Oh I heard about you on TV, you helped the government there design a lot of great buildings right ?
*David : Yeah thats me !
*Fong : Oh wow, nice to meet you btw ! My name is Fong, at least thats how people usually call me
*David : Ok then Fong, nice to meet you too !
We then shook hands until Ryuuji interrupted
*Ryuuji : I am a lieutenant of this base, Ryuuji Tokuda, nice to meet you, I heard about you before in ACE, former lieutenant of ACE right ?
*Fong : Wait what, David was in ACE too ?
*David : Yeah..... but I left....
*Fong : Why ?
David looked kinda sad, I thought I should stop asking for the reason and move on
*Fong : Ok maybe.... from your look, something happened that made you quit, I get it. Dont worry, sometimes, its better to try new experiences too, like now you are no longer lieutenant, you are a famous architect, right ?
*David : Ye..... I guess.....
*Ryuuji : So David... what brought you here anyway... former lieutenant ... or architect , whatever.... 
*Leon : I brought him here to help renovate the buildings
Leon interrupted our talk, suggested us get into the car and move to the HQ asap.
*Leon : I noticed the buildings around the island, especially the ones that shipgirls wander around, are getting old and may collapse soon if we dont quickly renovate it. If we let David handle these, he will not only repair them, but also turn them into better ones.
*Fong : Wait... you are saying... you knew about the buildings getting old already ? I was about to complain too man !
*Leon : Since the first day I stayed here dude ! I knew the quality of these buildings were going down long time ago !
*David : So ... how many buildings we need to renovate ?
*Leon : for now ... at least 10 ! I will give you the details when we arrived at the HQ
*David : Ok
*Ryuuji ''driving the car right now, but decided to turn around to talk with us'' : Hey, make it 11, the storm punched a hole on the roof my house too !
*Fong, David, Ayako, Leon : TREE !
Ryuuji didnt notice the tree coming, but luckily, we avoided it, almost slammed our car into that tree right there...
<br/>We eventually arrived at the HQ, planned everything and prepared for renovation. We all then heard a huge crashing noise, probably some kind of house and building just collapsed. Ryuuji worried about his house since the sound came from his house direction too, so he ran towards it. His scream was quickly heard afterwards and god damn, it really happened, his house just collapsed lol. I then made a sarcastic joke about it :
<br/>''Oh well... I guess your house doesnt need to be repaired anymore lol''
<br/>Wrong place to make that joke btw, dont do that !<br/>
<br/>
In order to start renovating, we all (including shipgirls) needed to move out and stay outside for a while. Few military camps were set up to help us stay at night. I personally think this is fine as long as the buildings get renovated, but since the camps were near the forest, I felt kinda uneasy (Not a huge fan of forest you know, especially at night !).<br/>
I then tried to get Iroha out of the HQ, had to knock her door few times to let her open it. Apparently she was still busy the machine she was making, I only got to return the hair clip that Shigure borrowed earlier to her before she was going back building her weird machine again. Seeing her ignore whatever I said afterwards, I had to take away her machine, and she kept telling me to give it back to her. I then agreed to give it back, only when she got out of the room, out of the HQ too. She had no choices but to follow my order, looked pretty frustrated. She ran into her room one last time to get the toolbox before leaving the HQ with me.<br/>
Ayako, Ryuuji, Leon and David then together started the renovation chain, the dormitory and the HQ were the first buildings we planned to renovate first. Meanwhile, I was sticking around Iroha, until she decided the camp was too boring, she moved to the pier instead and I followed her. The pier was a better place to stay to be honest, it alway makes me feel cool due to the sea breeze. While staying with Iroha on the pier (She was building that machine again), I noticed some shipgirls outside the sea were training hard for battle. I told Iroha to stay here (Trust me, she is fine anyway...) while I went to the beach to get a better vision. My girls were practicing hard everyday, seeing them shoot at the dummy targets accurately, moving so smoothly and fast, and avoiding the shots from nearby machine guns made me feel very proud of them.<br/>
Small japanese aircraft were seen flying in the sky, most shipgirls looked pretty shocked too. Those aircraft then attacked the dummies, destroyed the targets in one shot, pretty amazing ! We all then noticed the aircraft were launched from a shipgirl, who was standing on top of '''Mount Ike''', next to the pier
*Shigure : She sure is amazing isnt she ?
*Fong : Shigure !...... You scared me out.....
*Shigure : lol sorry teitoku....
Shigure appeared out of nowhere again, startled me a bit
*Fong : Who is she anyway ?
*Shigure : Carrier Division 5, second ship, Zuikaku-san
<br/><br/>
*Shigure : Anyway I was looking for you teitoku, come and see this !
She pulled me to somewhere else where there was many ACE soldiers guarding around a dead body of an abyssal creature. She then told me that she just killed Map 1-3 Boss and brought its dead body back to me
*Fong : Wait what ? Did you yolo through the sea by yourself ?
*Shigure : Kinda..... lol
She then threw my handbook to me, saying ''Thanks, it was really helpful''. I didnt realize she stole my handbook too ! Now that I checked my pockets, the handbook wasnt there !
*Fong : When did you get my handbook ?
*Shigure : Yesterday, while you were sleeping my teitoku ''giggled'' !
Now she officially creeped me out, seriously !
*Shigure : No need to thanks ! ..... ''smiled at me before taking the dead body and going to the factory with several ACE soldiers''
I guess..... I just cleared 1-3 ... LOL <br/><br/>
Night soon fell, 6:00 PM of the same day, Iroha then returned to the camp with her machine she was working on. She was tired so she decided to ignore dinner and outright went to sleep, just before I was about to tell her that dinner would be ready soon too. A group of shipgirls then pulled me away, saying there was something really funny going on right now and wanted me to see it too. Remember Hitoshi guy ? Apparently he hadnt realized that the ink were still on his face, and he was walking around the island, made some ACE soldiers feel funny due to his face too (Some of them didnt even bother telling him, instead trying their bests not to laugh). Gotta say this was hilarious as hell, but at some point we had to tell him about that anyway lol.<br/>
Hitoshi met Leon and David eventually, asked them if he would really need to stay outside for a while. Leon wanted to laugh too but he held it, while David looked at Hitoshi with a pretty confused face 
*Hitoshi : I dont get it ! Why did all people I talked today laugh for no reason ?
*Leon : .... N..... no .... I was... not laughing !
*David : I have a better question, whats with your face ?
''Oh cmon, David blew the fun away !''
*Hitoshi : My face, what do you mean ?
*David : Have you even looked at yourself in the mirror ?
''David used his phone and turned on the camera to let Hitoshi see his own hilarious face''
*Hitoshi : WTF !?!?
Hitoshi became confused, tried his best wiping those ink off while me and shipgirls who pulled the prank watching him behind the bushes, laughing. Hitoshi then heard the laugh and quickly chased the shipgirls too, while I continued hiding behind the bushes (Luckily he didnt see me, he only saw the shipgirls).<br/>
I then got out of there, went back to the camping area and had a quick dinner with Leon's group before they got back to work again. I got bored quickly, so decided to gather the shipgirls needed for the next area to liberate. Map 1-4, the sea around the Nansei Island (again, but different map code). This time in map 1-4, enemy has carriers, they can launch their aircraft and destroy things with those too. Shipgirls need to take caution when fighting them. I then pulled out a map of that sea (The satellite map on LCD screen couldnt be used now as the HQ was being renovated, we had to pull all the wires out) and planned a strategy. But my strategy for this map needed at least 2 CV to make it work, I only had one, so we kinda ran into deadend right there. Shipgirls around me continued making opinions and thinking of a newer strategy, but none of them was as good as my tactic. I decided to leave it for now and just went to sleep, we would continue the next day.<br/>
Iroha and I stayed close to each other, as Ayako told me to keep an eyes on her while she went with Leon and helped him instead. But she went missing when I woke up, I had to look for her again. Turns out she was at the pier, now doing something with her laptop instead of making a weird machine/device yesterday. She nodded her head when I asked her if she really liked this place, I guess the pier is a good location to hangout if you want a peaceful and relaxing place.<br/>
I sat next to her while enjoying the sea breeze, Iroha then pulled my hand, told me to take a look at her laptop screen a bit. I then saw a random chain of number being generated on the screen, the numbers were rolling endlessly until Iroha hit '''Enter''' button, it stopped at the number 420 afterwards. She then used a pen and a paper she brought along with earlier to write down '''420/420/420/420''' and gave it to me, I didnt get anything but might as well take it anyway.<br/>
She then stood up and went back to the camp, I followed her afterwards. While walking, I noticed the chain of number she gave me looked like the input number chain from the construction machine. I then told Iroha to go there alone, while I rushed towards the factory. I realized back then Iroha did the same thing with the construction machine once and it net me Zuikaku, probably she wanted me to do it again and who knows, something special might pop out ! The factory was next to the dormitory too, so the moment I reached the factory, I also saw many people were help building a new dormitory, it looks much bigger and taller than before too, David sure knows how to design a great building oh wow.<br/>
I pressed the button according to the number chain Iroha gave me, and the machine started constructing another weird and new girl that I had never seen before. I had to wait until its finished I guess....<br/><br/>
Few shipgirls asked me to play with, I might as well do that since I had to wait for the construction anyway. Few other shipgirls noticed Iroha was being alone so they asked her out too, only to be terrified by her scary look (Again !). I knew about that and felt kinda sad for her, but honestly, there was nothing I could do anyway !<br/>
Night came again, I went back to the factory just to see Zuikaku hugging someone, looked pretty happy. She then saw me, ran towards me and hugged me, thanks me a lot too. I had to ask who the girl behind her was, turns out to be her older sister in the same class, Shoukaku. I couldnt believe I crafted another CV again (Thanks to Iroha that is....)
<br/>Since I had 2 CVs now, my strategy in map 1-4 should work. I immediately called all the shipgirls and prepared to sortie to map 1-4. I wanted to keep in touch with them while they were sortieing so I went get the radio that we used to communicate before, hoping it would still work. Iroha noticed me carrying the radio to somewhere back in the camp, she probably knew I was about to sortie the girls, so she stopped whatever she was doing on her laptop, threw a bunch of devices into her bag (And her laptop too....) and followed me with the bag she carried on her back. At the meeting place (Between me and shipgirls, basically the location where we plan out things for sortie maps), hardly had I told my girls to sortie when Iroha interrupted me, told everyone to wait for a bit so that she could trace them with her laptop too. She used the devices she threw into the bag earlier, connected a bunch of wires, and finally connected it with the radio. The location of the earpieces shipgirls carrying eventually showed up on her laptop screen, she managed to do it again oh boy !<br/>
My plan went perfectly, 2 CVs (Zuikaku, Shoukaku will be addressed as Cranes from now on) used their aircraft to bomb enemies along the way and shot down a lot of enemy planes, my girls barely took damage. The boss of 1-4 was surprised, so they started running away. We only captured the escorts there, the boss was missing (CV Wo-Class). Wo had been hiding in the dark, so it was hard to find her. But then, Shigure, who came out of nowhere, blocked Wo, saying ''Going somewhere ?'' before loading her guns and torpedoes up to shoot at the Wo's face. A huge explosion was heard afterwards and all the shipgirls saw was just Shigure carrying a dead body of Wo on her back coming towards them. Shigure then took one of the shipgirl's earpieces to inform me that the operation was succeeded, she helped everyone capture and kill the boss. I was surprised too, ''when did she sortie anyway, still sneaky as usual eh?''<br/>
The whole world 1 is now down !<br/><br/>
Dinner time ! Leon's group and my group (Basically everyone excluding Hitoshi on the island) were having fun together chatting while having dinner. I started the chat first by talking about world 1, it was finally cleared. The news made Leon's group susprised, some of them even choked upon hearing the news. After they calmed down a bit, I started explaining how I did that, apparently my cranes and Shigure saved my ass !<br/>
Both Leon and Ryuuji then told me that there had never been a case that an admiral was able to clear the whole world 1 in less than a month (I did that in just two weeks btw), made them wonder if it was really my pure luck or it was really my talent of making strategy that helped me go through world 1. Ryuuji didnt believe that I had cranes either until Shoukaku and Zuikaku decided to show up to make him believe.<br/>
Leon once again asked me that question ''Are you a luck god ? ''. Same answer I gave to him, ''No''. But seriously, probably its better to keep it secret, about Iroha helping me net those Cranes, so that people would think Im a bit special lol !<br/>
David told us that the HQ and dormitory should be finished by the next day morning, we would then move to Ryuuji's house (He was complaining about his house for the whole day, annoyed David a lot lol) and the canteen. Looked like we would have to cook foods outside for the next few days.<br/>
<br/>
'''BA Camp outside the HQ - 5/11/2015 12:00 AM'''<br/>
It was amazing that people were still working hard at midnight, trying to get the renovation done for the HQ by the next day morning. I then said to myself ''Thanks for your hard work'' before falling asleep. Iroha was still working with her laptop on the desk. I couldnt careless so whatever anyway, as long as she knew when to go to sleep.<br/>
Leon then got to the beach, calling someone in ACE
*Leon : He just cleared 1-4 btw, what did I say ? He is the guy !
*Yuki : Hmmm..... fine.... he is something else... but probably just got lucky
*Leon : Oh cmon.... gonna take more than that to persuade you huh ?
*Yuki : Continue keeping an eyes on him
*Leon : Ok ok... but hey.... Do you...
Yuki hung up before Leon got to finish his words.
<br/>
Yuki in the ACE HQ then walked towards the windows, enjoying the view of the city at night while making a call to someone.<br/>
<br/>
7:00 AM, another new day, I startled myself again when I saw Shigure sleeping next to me ! Whats with her tendency of sleeping right next to me anyway ??<br/>
I didnt wanna stick around there for trouble, so I went somewhere else to relax. After the storm ceased, the temperature around the island had been extremely high these days, so it made sense that the shipgirls would want some fun at the beach (Like what they are doing right now). Meanwhile... Shigure woke up and didnt see me, so she was kinda disappointed and moved out of there. Back at the beach, I gathered some of the girls I needed to prepare for map 2-1, Cam Ranh Peninsula. This area is very close to the island, so without Iroha's satellite tracking program, they should be fine anyway. A fleet consisted of Cranes sisters, 2CAs and 2CVs, once again, Fubuki being the leader, was sortied to map 2-1 afterwards, and they quickly cleared the area, brought home several dead bodies of abyssal creatures too.<br/>
One of those bodies then turned into a BB, Kongou, a japanese battleship (Fast battleship / battlecruiser, either name is fine too, but I prefer calling FBB as battleship only). She was the first BB ever that joined the force in my base and she easily attracted my DDs too. They really got along well together, like Ayako.<br/>
The renovation of the HQ and dormitory were done, and Leon asked us to go check. I wanted to check my HQ first, but seeing a lot of shipgirls heading towards the dormitory, I changed my mind and went to there too. Upon arriving, we saw a huge, completely new building, the new dormitory ! It looked so modern and could hold up to 150 shipgirls. I guess we would have a lot of space from now on lol.<br/>
Hitoshi in the lobby of the dormitory then came out and welcomed us :
*Hitoshi : Oi admiral Fong, you gotta see this !
He took us to the lobby, where we saw it looked so modern and expensive as hell, as if we were staying in a 5-star hotel ! Hitoshi even got a special treatment, his reception desk now got a big LCD TV nearby, he now could watch the TV instead of listening to the radio all the time, his life just got better ! The shipgirls looked so excited that they ran upstairs, wanted to check out the room too. Every room of shipgirls now has become bigger, also, an air conditioner to help the room cool as well. I started thinking this was like a dream, not a reality !
*Fong : These things are expensive as hell I can tell, how did David and Leon get all these ? Not to mention, building all these in just 2 days....
*David : Dont worry.. ''appeared behind me'', I have my people, workers and money ain't my problems !
*Leon : Yeah dude... David will get the jobs done, I told you ! Now come, there is something we wanna show you !
I then followed them to the 4th floor of the dormitory, from the windows of the room there, I could clearly see my renovated HQ too much to my susprise. Like the dormitory, both the inside and outside of the HQ changed a lot too. My room, Leon's room, Iroha's room, and the command room now got more space and of course, air conditioner too ! I never imagined that I would have an air conditioner for my own room, this was like a dream came true !
<br/>
From my room, I could get a clear vision of outside and other nearby buildings, I even saw David and his men picked up the window that fell off from my room few days ago, asked me if I was the one doing it, I only replied to him that I didnt know anything lol.<br/>
Another building was being built across the HQ, turns out to be Ryuuji's house, he wanted it to be built right there to reduce the travel time between HQ and his house. His house wasnt really a house to be honest, it looked more like an expensive mansion ! <br/>
After checking the HQ, I went back to the camp to carry all the stuffs back to the HQ. Iroha was still sleeping at this time, but I noticed her weird machine (Or device, whatever) has already been done as well. I saw a huge machine that looks like a box, with a lot of wires, smaller devices and circuits connected together at the bottom, and a flat screen on the top that looks like a keyboard in my smartphone. She made a touchscreen keyboard ! How clever she was !<br/>
Some of the stuffs were moved back to the HQ and dormitory, and the camps were no longer needed. About Iroha, she slept so soundly, I had no choices but to carry her to her bed and let her sleep in her new room, she would be susprised when she woke up I bet lol. <br/>
Lunch break was coming, Leon told David that lunch was getting ready and David replied that he would come down in any moment. David then tried to rush things just to have lunch already, only to not watch his step, slipped and fell into Kongou below, who was walking by. Both of them were safe with David almost had a death right there
*Kongou : Hey....... are you okay ?
*David : Sorry... sorry... my bad... I didnt mea.....
David then looked at Kongou intently, felt kinda shocked....
*David : L.....Lily ???

<br/><br/>
'''Brunei Anchorage'''<br/>
'''5/11/2015 - 11:30 AM'''
|-|E6=
*David : L....Lily ?
David looked at Kongou intently, felt kinda shocked
*Kongou : Uh....no... my name is Kongou, not Lily, dummy !
Kongou then helped him stand up, made sure he was fine before leaving the place, ''What a weird guy..'', Kongou thought. Leon realized David still hadnt come yet so he went check on him again :
*Leon : Oi David, hurry up, we are taking your lunch too you know !....... David ?
*David : U...... yeah.... ok... lets go
*Leon : Are you okay dude? You look pale
*David : Nothing..... Lets just go !
We all had a great lunch afterwards, while Iroha was busy carrying her stuffs back to the HQ (Several ACE people helped her too, dont worry !). I was curious about the touchscreen keyboard she made earlier, so I outright asked her why she made it after lunch, she only told me to follow her and we went to the command room later.<br/>
Iroha simply connected the keyboard and the LCD screen put in the command room and there we had it, a huge machine that works like a computer, with the touchscreen keyboard on the tables used for input and the LCD screen used as a monitor. Iroha even told me to try it, and the first thing I did was checking her satellite map on the screen. Now, not only I could see the map around the island, I could see the map of anywhere around the world too. Also, Iroha has set up a permission to access the camera around the island, we could watch people's activities via this screen from now on !
<br/>I only got to pat Iroha's head and said ''Good job Iroha'', the new machine she made really blew my mind and I really enjoyed using it !<br/><br/>
----
'''BA - Ryuuji's house - 5/11/2015 1:00 PM'''<br/>
(Seriously, his house is not really a house, but not a mansion either, Im gonna take it as something between a house and a mansion) <br/>
David and Leon were seen building Ryuuji's house together, they had a little chat
*Leon : Cmon David, I know that look, something is bothering you isnt it ?
*David : I said nothing already !
*Leon : Really ?
*David : Alright..... Fine ! Something is bothering me ! You are happy ?
*Leon : Lol..... what is it about anyway ?
*David : I.... honestly dont want to remind myself about her again, but god never let me go eh ?
*Leon : Her.... ? That.... her ? Lily ?
*David : Yah..... can never forget ...
*Leon : What reminded you of her may I ask?
*David : Shit happened... I slipped on the roof an hour ago and fell into a girl down there, that girl happened to look like Lily, even her voice too !
*Leon : Probably thats a destiny my dude lol !
*David : Yeah yeah...
*Leon : ....The girl that looks like Lily, I have a feeling its Kongou....
*David : She is !
*Leon : okay..... ''let out a sigh'', you know...just my random thoughts but I think its not a coincidence that you were brought here, probably destiny doesnt want you to forget the past so it made you and Kongou meet each other.
*David : ........
*Leon : I mean.... you had a great time in ACE before... Dont you think you should rejoin the ACE soon ? You suddenly let everything go because of your mistake and your dead girlfriend !
*David : Dont say her like that ! And no...
*Leon : What is still keeping u away from it dude ? I took care of your mistake, they wont know anything about it.
*David : Again, I didnt ask you to... I should have stayed in jail long time ago, but your kindness saved me right there !
*Leon : I couldnt let you end up in jail ok ! I know you, you were my best comrade, and will alway be. People make mistake sometimes, just.... dont let it be an excuse for you to run away !
*David : You.... !!!
Leon jumped off the roof before David got a chance to hit him, David looked pretty mad, ''Run away my ass ! I was just....'', David thought.<br/>
Leon from the ground shouted at David ''Just think of it as a second chance dude, it will make you feel better !'', before leaving. <br/>
<br/>
Back in the HQ, I found out that the machine (device) she made could even connect to the Internet, watch film and listen to the music like the normal computer can do. OMG I love this ''new computer'' already. Ryuuji and Ayako happened to walk by the room, seeing a new computer in the room, they were susprised too. They tried different things with it, even Ayako tried to touch her fingers on the LCD screen and turns out it worked too. The whole LCD screen is also a touchscreen ! We can move the map with our fingers on the screen and control the other stuffs at the same time too. I didnt know how Iroha managed to pull it off, but damn, it worked... This machine is surely one of the best creations she has ever made !<br/>
Kongou once again walked by Ryuuji's house and this time distracted David, he kept looking at her. Recalling what Leon told him earlier about the second chance, he started feeling annoyed with Leon's advice. Iroha was seen sleeping in the sofa in the command room (She must be tired after making all those stuffs) while I called my shipgirls to get ready for another sortie. (Ryuuji found the new computer so cool that he wanted to stick around and play the video game with it, but Ayako pulled him out of the room, saying there was still a lot of stuffs to build, couldnt waste time for a random video game lol). The two next areas to liberate are not close to the island, but close to each other : Bashi Island (2-2) and Orel Bay (2-3). Once again, I made a plan of clearing them in one go, now with Kongou and Cranes's helps, this should be much easier. I wanted to set Fubuki as flagship again, but considering how well Shigure has fought in the battles recently, I made her the flagship instead (I think she deserved it, maybe she was trying her best to make me pay attention to her too). The enemies in 2-2 and 2-3 were stronger than I expected. Fubuki tried not to lose to Shigure, so she risked herself getting way too close to the enemies and got cucked ! Shigure had to save her later. Enemy aircraft were much stronger as well, Cranes couldnt shoot down enough enemy planes and the girls had to dodge. Soon, they encountered both bosses at the same time (2-2 and 2-3 Boss, CV Wo elite and BB Ru elite), and a tough battle happened. I had to use my hands to zoom in on the location where shipgirls were on the LCD screen for a better vision (You know... the satellite map ?). One of the yellow dots disappeared during the battle, it seems BB Ru elite hit Kongou, causing her earpieces to be broken. CV Wo elite was quickly taken down by the Cranes, but not so much for BB Ru elite since she kept dodging everyone's attack and being pretty tanky too. Shigure then came up with a crazy idea, all other girls need to distract Ru while Shigure gets her from behind. Well.... it kinda failed... Ru noticed somebody on her back and she slapped Shigure real hard !<br/>
All other girls then tried to get Shigure out of Ru's shooting range, but Shigure ordered them not to and started running away, forced Ru to chase her down. Ru kept shooting at her while Shigure was dodging every single shot from Ru. <br/>
''Seriously ? She told the other girls to become baits, now she became bait herself, what are you doing Shigure ?'', I told to my girls.<br/>
The girls had no idea of what was happening, they only followed Shigure anyway but then couldnt see where Fubuki was, turns out she separated herself and went the other route. Meanwhile, Shigure suddenly slowed down and dared Ru to shoot at her.
*Shigure : ''thinking'' : (You better show up Fubuki ...) 
*Fubuki : ''rushing to Shigure's location'' Please, hit her !
Fubuki then launched torpedo at Shigure from far away, Ru was also getting close to Shigure, about to fire at her. However, the torpedo Fubuki launched at Shigure's current location, Shigure noticed them, she then jumped, avoid all of those while Ru who was heading towards her, not noticing those torpedoes, got hit in susprise. The torpedoes didnt deal any significant damage to Ru, but at least made an explosion that caused water waves blocking her vision long enough for Fubuki to arrive in time at Shigure's location. When the waves go away, Shigure and Fubuki immediately shot at Ru's leg, one person shot each leg. Ru couldnt dodge them and she was hit, screamed in pain, and unable to dodge anymore. The rest of shipgirls then arrived, blocked Ru's way of escaping, she turned around, saw Shigure and Fubuki were also aiming at her. Ru was dead (Basically gangbanged, all attacks hit her at once) and the operation succeeded !<br/>
*Shigure : How was it teitoku, did I do well ?
*Fong : ''Leaning my back on the chair and let out a sigh of relief'', you did great, thanks Shigure !
*Fubuki : I guess.... we made a pretty good team eh Shigure-san ?
Fubuki and Shigure then did a high-five with Shigure replied to Fubuki ''You are late though''
*Zuikaku : I dont get it, this was Shigure's plan all along ?
''Shigure nodded her head with a smile''
*Kongou : At least that explained why Bucky went missing, yes ?
*Shigure : I knew from the beginning, the sneak attack wouldnt work, that Ru had a radar, she could detect anything nearby. Luckily I told Fubuki to split up and go for plan B if the sneak attack failed. The only way to beat her is to susprise her, lure her into a trap. We cant attack her if she keeps dodging so.....
*Zuikaku : Gotta shoot her legs to slow her down right ?
*Shigure : Yeah... 
*Zuikaku : Smart girl, its rare to see an intelligent DD like you are, Shigure, hope that we can work together again in the future !
*Shigure : Me too Zuikaku-san
They went home afterwards, but not before this...
*Fubuki : Hmmm... I was curious
*Shigure : About....
Fubuki then suddenly used her gun to shoot at Shigure but Shigured dodged it, despite being very close to Fubuki earlier
*Fubuki : Sasuga.... Your evasion sure is something else... Shigure-san ! 
*Zuikaku : What were you doing Fubuki? Shooting your friend all of a sudden !
*Fubuki : Im sorry lol... but I wanted to see if Shigure could dodge my shot at that close range !
*Shigure : Its alright Zuikaku-san, not even a single bullet can land on me !
They had a little chat before eventually getting back to the base.<br/>
<br/>
I wanted to clear map 2-4 too, so I gathered my girls (again), but then Fubuki came to me, saying that due to the use of BB and CVs lately, our resources were dying. Apparently BB and CV consume a lot of fuel and ammo for sortie, not to mention the fuel for repairing too. I guess the plan for 2-4 had to be waited.<br/>
7:00 PM, dinner ! I had to ask Leon and Ryuuji about the resource during dinner. They said that people do generate fuel and ammo overtime, but at a pretty slow rate. At first, we wouldnt care about it much since we only used DD anyway, but later, when we used BB and CV a lot, we would see that the resource generation by the people here wouldnt be enough for supplying a heavy fleet. Therefore, Ryuuji then told me about expedition, certain girls can be sortied, not for battling, but looking for resources. There are many places that can get resources around the world so I get to freely choose where I can send a fleet of my shipgirls to. After dinner, Ryuuji then marked every location with a red point that has resources we can get. I then started preparing 3 fleets to go get the resources. Looked like I had to switch the girls overtime too, they would get crazy if they were kept going for expedition lol. <br/>
Ryuuji's house was about to be finished, but once again, David on the roof, saw Kongou walking by and got distracted. He couldnt get the image of Lily, his deceased girlfriend out of his head everytime he saw Kongou. Leon, who was next to him, noticed how he looked at Kongou, made a comment : 
*Leon : You should really come back with us.. !
*David : No... forget it... we had a deal too. I will no longer be connected to any of you guys ACE after this. Im just gonna finish my job here and live my own life !
*Leon : Alright, suit yourself, just saying.... When life gives you lemons, make lemonade !
*David : .......
*Leon : You really like her right ?
*David : ''Startled'', No Im not !
*Leon : Your eyes say otherwise lol !
*David : Really ! Can we move on? Lets talk about your Ayako then, how about that ?
*Leon : Ok ok ...
They continued talking afterwards while I went to tbe beach to relax myself. I could see a light coming from the pier, it was Iroha's laptop, with herself was doing something in the nearby yacht (Probably trying to build something weird again, but again, she is a genius, Im sure she will build something useful). On my left side, I saw Shigure training alone at night. Kinda hard to see the sea at night, but Shigure still managed to dodge every shot and shoot down a lot of training enemies. I proceeded to go to her location ('''Shipgirl Barrack''') and gave her an applause for a great training battle she just performed. She said to me ''Working hard for my teitoku'', made me feel very proud of her and pat her head for the hard work.<br/>
Midnight, David went to bed (Temporarily staying in one of the HQ's rooms) after a day of working, but then he saw Kongou walking outside, heading to the beach, he changed his mind and decided to go after her. Turns out Kongou couldnt sleep due to missing her sisters (Actually... its more like she drank way too much tea so she couldnt sleep lol). David saw her sitting on the beach, decided to check her out but Kongou noticed him anyway.
*Kongou : The moon at night sure is beautiful... Dont you think ?
*David : Yeah...
*Kongou : I alway remember about the past days, when we had to be careful during midnight. Enemies might attack us at night without us noticing. For the sailors, midnight was scary, but for me, I think its a beauty that the nature has given to us. Just look at the night sky, the moon and the stars, ''looking up at the sky'', wouldnt they calm your heart a bit ?
*David : You are right..... I really like this feeling... ''looking up at the sky too while relaxing himself''
*Kongou : So..... weird guy this morning, what brought you here desu ?
*David : The name is David, David Jager, ''sitting next to Kongou'', I saw you go outside alone, I guess I couldnt let a woman stay outside alone at night, so I followed you to make sure you are safe !
*Kongou : Wow... A gentleman... eh ...? Thanks for your kindness, but I just came here to chill, nothing else
*David : Why you need to chill ?
*Kongou : I cant sleep, I keep missing my sisters, wondering when they would come, everytime I am like that, I tend to go here and enjoy the sky. It alway makes me calm and forget about my worries. ''Wind blowing to their location''
*David : I see...........Btw... Sorry that I called you Lily this morning
*Kongou : Its OK, who is she anyway ? A friend of yours ?
*David : Hm..... My girlfriend... but she passed away.... ''He looked away from her''
*Kongou : Oh.... Sorry to hear that. ''Her face looked kinda sad upon hearing the news''
*David : Its alright... 
*Kongou : Does she resemble me ?
*David : A lot, even your voice sounds like hers, you reminded me of her a lot you know !
*Kongou : ''Started smiling'', what an honor desu !
..................
*Kongou : I gotta go.... 
*David : Oh yeah... sure... kinda late already
*Kongou : Tell you what.... um.... David right ?
*David : Ye
*Kongou : I dont know what kind of person your deceased girlfriend is, but from your look, I can tell she is a special person to you and you feel very sad everytime you talk about her death, so I have an idea here, would you like to talk to me sometimes? I know seeing me will remind you of her even more, but at least I can help you face it and drive away your suffering.
*David : ... I..... I dont know....
*Kongou : You need it, you cant lie to me.... You need someone that can understand you, to help free you out. I learned from the other girls, we are all family here, if one has trouble, we should talk together and help that person !
*David : ..........
*Kongou : So.......
*David : I will think about it....
*Kongou : Ok... take your time..... and hey, for the record..... you seem like a nice guy.... I like it !
David saw her walking away before he eventually went back to his own room 
<br/><br/>
''Would you like to talk to me sometimes?'', David recalled her words again.
*David : ''thinking'' : (Hmph... How ironic.. came here for trying to cut ties with ACE, now got myself even further involved with them)
David went to bed, but couldnt sleep, he kept recalling what Kongou said and started thinking about her, either Kongou herself or Kongou resembling Lily. Either way, he thought he would no longer be able to cut ties with ACE anyway, he then made a call to Leon, saying :
''About the condition, just forget about it, I changed my mind !''
*Leon : Took you a while eh 
*David : Shut up, you didnt do shit anyway, you have no rights of judging me !
*Leon : Okay okay lol... Welcome to the team !
*ACE soldiers : Yo commander Jack, hurry up, the poker game cant be postponed any longer !
*Leon : Hold on a sec !
*David : Poker ? You are playing poker right now ?
*Leon : Hey, I have my excuse alright, I couldnt sleep, and the people here were bored so they invited me to play poker anyway 
*David : Who care ? Let me in ! 
*Leon : Lol you are in too ? My room, you know.....
David immediately opened the door of Leon's room before Leon got a chance to say where his room is.
*David : I know where your room is ! ''hung up''
They all then had a great time playing poker....... at 1 AM !<br/><br/>
David and Leon were nowhere to be seen by the next day morning, I had to go look for them, just to find out that they were playing poker all night, forgot about the time too. They were sleeping when I checked them out. My shipgirls decided to pull off a prank like what they did to Hitoshi before, but didnt go as planned as both Leon and David, even while sleeping, noticed that there were people coming towards them, they immediately woke up and startled the shipgirls as well.<br/>
*David : I shouldnt have joined the poker game .... Im tired as fuck, you baited me man !!!
*Leon :... ''yawning'' ... I baited you... You came here by yourself.... !
*Fong : You know...''seeing several other ACE soldiers still sleeping and snoring'', can you wake them up ?
Leon then pushed them off the chairs, outright waking them up while himself went to the bathroom to wash his face
*Fong : Anyway.... if you are tired today, just get a day off, you two helped us a lot here !
*Leon : ''yawning while talking'', cant be waited dude.... gotta finish .. those fast !
I hoped they would be fine, when I turned around, I saw David sleeping on the poker table. My shipgirls wanted to mess with them again, but I told them to leave him alone, I guess he deserved a nice sleep.<br/>
''But really ? Playing poker all night and forgot about sleeping? I never stayed awake at night for a game before, I wonder if it would be fun.... hmmmm''
<br/>
<br/>
My shipgirls were seen practicing naval battles against other shipgirls from the other naval base. There was even two Fubuki right there, I guess multiple copies of a shipgirl can exist at the same time eh? My Shigure still did amazing things though, her evasion never failed to amaze me and was able to take down opponents with ease. She was getting better Im saying ! Meanwhile Ayako, still saw David sleeping on the poker table, decided to wake him up by splashing a bucket of water on him, it was so effective lol !
<br/>David was pulled to the other construction site while I went check Ryuuji's house and the canteen, they were pretty much finished by now, only needed few last examinations here and there. On the Mount Ike, Shoukaku and Zuikaku were seen launching their aircraft, but not for practice, it was for reconnaissance. They later told me that they found a pretty strong enemy force in map 2-4, Okinoshima Island (We barely talked about it yesterday). They even told me to plan carefully, as along the way to the boss location, enemy escorts were pretty aggressive too.<br/>
10:00 AM, the renovation of Ryuuji's house and the canteen eventually completed. David took a short break, when he suddenly saw Kongou and two other girls that had the same uniform as hers (Hiei and Kirishima) having fun together in a tea party. He decided to drop by, Kongou introduced them to David as her sisters and he made a comment about Kongou was no longer alone again, being pretty happy that her sisters have come now. Kongou then told him <br/>
''You too David... Dont forget about me when you need someone to talk alright desu? I am alway around !''
<br/>He only replied to her ''Yeah, thanks'' before leaving the place and started working again.
<br/>
<br/>
'''Brunei Anchorage'''<br/>
'''5/12/2015 10:30 AM'''
|-|E7=
'''5/19/2015 - 7:00 AM'''<br/>
Few days have passed, David and Leon's group helped renovate the rest of buildings and by this time, it has already been done. Its about time is it ? We all decided to throw a big party at the renovated canteen tonight for celebration. Everyone (again, except Hitoshi, he was busy with something) has come to the party and had a great time there :
*Leon : ''Standing on stage''. Now, after all the troubles we have been through in the last few days, I declare that the renovation of the island has officially finished !
We and shipgirls scattered around the tables in the dining room gave an applause for his speech. Speaking of the canteen, it now has a japanese look outside with a mixture of western and traditional japanese look inside. We now even have a stage for people who would like to perform the talents such as singing, dancing or something else that is special. People around the island and the shipgirls should have more fun and entertainment from now on !<br/>
Several ACE soldiers started getting on stage to sing a song, one by one while me and Leon's group had a nice conversation together (We were still having dinner here !)
*Fong : Sorry I cant help you guys....
*Leon : Nah.... Dont worry, you should focus on your shipgirls instead, we can handle those just fine !
*Fong : David too, thanks for your hard work !
*David : No sweat....!
*Leon : He decided to stay here btw, have you heard ?
*Fong : Wait really ?
*David : Ye...
*Fong : I thought you would leave after this party, I even bought you a souvenir
*David : I will take it anyway lol, ''He took my souvenir when I showed him'' (Thats.... fine... I guess)
*Fong : So.... I have a lot of question here.... Leon ! Can you tell me more about the relationship between you and Ayako?
''Leon and Ayako were susprised and choked at the same time''
*Leon : ''cough'', really ? We are gona....''cough'' , talk about each other's life now ?
*Fong : Im just curious lol... cmon Leon ! Please ?
*Ayako : Its a bit....
*Leon : Alright Ayako, let me tell him. 
........
*Leon : Lets see, during one of the battles back in 2012, those abyssal creatures cornered me, I thought I was gonna die until a certain girl came and saved me by shooting those creatures down. That girl was Ayako. However, she quickly became arrogant and let her guard down after I made a compliment saying she looked so cool, enemies attacked her afterwards and I had to save her instead (What kind of situation is that anyway? Suddenly the rescuer became the person that needed to be rescued !)
*Ayako : Ok enough story, who want some pie ?
*Leon : Ye... ''grabbed the pie from Ayako'', thats how we met basically lol !
*Fong : I get it Ayako lol !
*Ayako : You dont get shit ! ''Throws the pie at my face''
*Fong : Hey, dont throw food away !......
*Leon : Anyway, she did feel very embarrassed afterwards, failed to be a hero in my eyes. She kept avoiding me later so I had to think of some way to contact with her, saying I didnt mind at all. Took me a while, but eventually we settled that out and got along well, we tended to fight together in the future battles as well.
*Ayako : Enough, Leon, can we move on ? How about you, Fong, can you tell us about your life in the past ?
*Leon : Okay...
*Fong :.... My past.... is kinda... suck ...
*Ayako : Cmon, just tell us, we are all family here right? We would love to listen to your story, no matter how bad it is !
*Ryuuji : Yeah Fong, tell us !
David and Leon nodded their heads at me too, they really persuaded me to tell them about my past 
*Fong : Alright geez.... Where do I start ? ....I and Leon knew each other long time ago, we used to study in the same class, and later met his sister, Iroha too. We used to play war-game together too where I was usually chosen as a team leader, most of the games we played, my team won thanks to my strategy and tactics, up to the point that whenever my friends played against my team, they knew that they were gonna lose anyway lol. Anyway, those good times didnt last long, when my friends, or worse, most people I knew, thought I was a dirty thief when I stole 50 million VND from my school budget. I couldnt say anything when they found out that the stolen money was in my bag ! The old friends that used to play with me, now have turned their backs on me. Only a very few real friends thought that I didnt do it, Leon is one of them.
They were all silent upon hearing my story, I continued anyway.
*Fong : Then Leon brought me here, as after that incident happened, I started hating the society and shut myself in my house, Leon thought it would be a great opportunity for me to start over
*Leon : It is right ? I saw you having fun with the girls, dont lie to me !
*Fong : Ya.... maybe....
*Ayako : That must be hurt.... when your friends turn their backs on you....
*Fong : Im fine... dont worry...Lets change the topic then... David !
*David : ?
*Fong : Your turn... 
*David : You know Im not gonna tell !
*Fong : Cmon...
Seeing me keep persuading David to tell his story, but David refused to, Leon outright stopped me and told me that it would be better if I didnt know his past
*Ayako : Ok.... how about this Ryuuji guy? You, do you have anything to tell about your life ?
*Ryuuji : Me? Mine is pretty simple, Im just a random guy who wants to protect the world, so I joined ACE, thats why Im here, thats all lol. But Im more interested in David's life here, something is telling me he is hiding something, something about ACE ?
*Leon : Ryu ! Stop !
*Ryuuji : What ? I was just wondering, he doesnt have to tell us if he doesnt feel like it ! Plus, Fong, you are curious about him too right ?
*Fong : Ya.....
*David : ........ (He looked kinda irritated)
*Ryuuji : Alright, if you dont wanna tell us then whatever !
*David : If I told you about my life, would you shut up ?
*Ryuuji : Sure !
*Leon : David, seriously ?
*David : Its the only way to make him shut up, he kept annoying me !
*Ryuuji : Sorry, no hard feeling ok lol.....
*David : ''let out a sigh'', Me and Leon used to be comrade in Unit 17 during the war, we fought together a lot and we saved each other lives multiple times too. There was also a girl in our unit, '''Lily Harrison''', she is..... my girlfriend.... Three of us alway stack together. Until one day, during one of the reconnaissance missions, she was killed... right before me.... An abyssal creature grabbed her, pulled her to the sea and ....ate her alive...
I dropped the glass of water when hearing the ''eating alive'' part, everyone else (excluding Leon) looked pretty shocked too.
*Fong : My bad....
*David : Anyway... I was surprised... Didnt see that abyssal creature coming, the next thing I saw was just blood everywhere.... She was dead ! The group that was sent for reconnaissance in small boats were quickly ambushed by the enemies. They attacked few more of my teammates and we all started getting panic, immediately returned to the battleship asap (JP-54, belonged to Unit 17). But me, I couldnt get a hold of myself back there, I was mad, angry, I lost myself and screamed her name. I wanted revenge, I wanted to kill all of those creatures to avenge her death, so instead of going back to the battleship, I was the only one going towards the enemies instead, cried in pain and only thought about shooting the guns, killing the enemies. My teammates tried to stop me but they didnt dare to become enemies's bait so all of them ran to the battleship instead and informed the admiral of battleship JP-54 that I was disobeying the commander's order to return asap (He was on one of the boats used for reconnaissance too). Leon heard about it, eventually persuaded people to go aid me and bring me back, as we were all teammates, comrades of an unit. I tried so hard killing them, but they kept coming and I got injured pretty badly too. Thinking I was gonna die, I thought about Lily again before the abyssal creature above me about to grab me, but the battleship JP-54 quickly arrived and shot it down, saving me right there. I lost consciousness afterwards and .....when I woke up... I realized I was in the hospital already with Leon sitting next to me, one of his arms was bandaged
......... David suddenly stopped .......
*Fong : And.... what happened next ?
*David : I think Leon should continue my story, he knew better anyway.
*Leon : Are you sure ?
*David : Ye...just tell them the truth... dont lie to them !
*Leon : That truth ?
*David : ''nodded his head while drinking his glass of tea''
*Leon : Alright... when David woke up in the hospital, I told him that I took care of everything for him so he didnt need to worry about anything. But he kept talking about his life was gonna end up in jail since he disobeyed the commander's order earlier, without realizing that they all had already been killed in action. I had to told him that... while he lost consciousness, enemies attacked the battleship as well, we couldnt escape in time, a lot of people have been killed because of that. Enemies eventually knocked over our ship and we all fell into the sea. Some became those enemies's snack, some were drowned. I personally got lucky because I made use of my gun, shooting nearby enemies, they couldnt get close to me at all. But then I saw they took David away, I had to dive into the sea to get him back. In the end, the whole Unit 17 died, but two of us. I didnt want David to take responsibility for what he did, so I had to fake the report sent to the ACE, saying it was my fault that I directed the battleship to an unknown area in order to lure those enemies out and kill them all at once, but kinda underestimated them in the end and that cost me my teammates's lives instead. I tried to protect David, because you know, disobeying orders = a serious war crime here, you would end up in jail for a long time if you did it.
*Ayako : You never told me about that part, after my unit rescued both of you....
*Leon : No one, even you, needs to know about that ok ! The most important thing is... we are still alive and David is still fine, there is no case against him !
We all became worried all of a sudden, and silent for a moment before I said something again.
*Fong : Thats why.... you left ACE.. ? You dont want yourself to recall all of those sad memories?
*David : Yeah....
*Fong : ''let out a sigh'', you know, to make you feel better.. I get your feeling. I know how it be like when we lost a person that we used to have fun with, or that we really care about. I used to have an older brother, I really like him, he took care of me pretty well and played with me all the time, until I found out that he died in a car crash, I couldnt hold myself but crying for his death and felt pretty depressed for the next couple of days.
Ryuuji then suddenly looked surprised, immediately asked me what my brother's name
*Fong : Um.... Michael .. '''Michael Nakamura'''
*Ryuuji : I see... ''He then looked anxious while drinking his coffee''
*Leon : I didnt know you had a brother !
*Fong : He usually stayed in Japan, working for '''PSIA'''. He was an agent who helped crack a lot of cases around the world. I heard he died in a car crash while doing mission.
*Leon : Oh..... No wonders I never saw him.... Sorry for your loss btw...
*Fong : Thats ok....
*Ryuuji : Okay..... Should we talk about something else ? Kinda heavy atmosphere here....
*Leon : You are right Ryu.... just change the topic...
We all agreed to talk about something funny to forget about all these sad stories. Shigure then came to our table, saying Hitoshi was messing around with the new computer Iroha made in the command room. Apparently he was playing video game with it, I had to kick him out to make him leave (He even named that computer as '''Carl''' as it reminded him of his old friend in his neighborhood)
<br/>''Actually, just call it '''Carl''' because I dont know other better names to call it anyway''<br/>
<br/>
We all then changed the room for staying, David and Ayako moved to Ryuuji's house while Leon, Iroha and me still stayed in the HQ (Except Iroha, she needed a room to put her weird machine and device, stuffs, so she took a room from Ryuuji's house for those too). Meanwhile, the girls I asked to go for expedition had returned and now we had enough resources to tackle map 2-4. Due to strong enemies around here, I didnt want to bring DDs, so I had to bench both Fubuki and Shigure. Shigure refused to stay at home though, she sortied herself again without my order !
<br/>Kongou, Hiei, Kirishima, Zuikaku, Shoukaku were told to follow Shigure immediately, eventually caught up with her. They had tough battles before reaching the boss location. The boss was pretty strong, even stronger than the one in map 2-3, BB Ru Fagship, with several other Ru and enemy DD blocking the way down there. The girls took enemies down one by one, combined their powers together, ultimately destroyed everything but BB Ru Flagship (The boss) and BB Ru elite. Both sides already suffered enough damage, those Ru were running away too. Shigure was about to chase them down, but Kongou told her that they needed to get back to the base soon, the other girls were injured badly due to the fight, they couldnt fight any longer. Shigure had no choices but to let those Ru go and come back to the base with the other girls, looked pretty frustrated.
<br/>Btw, everyone took damage but Shigure and Kongou. Shigure once again proved her evasion skill lol (Kongou was probably lucky)
<br/>
The whole world 2 is now down !
<br/><br/>
''Sorry teitoku, I could have finished them off...'', Shigure told me.
<br/>I patted her head, saying it was fine. The sea was liberated so whatever, sometimes being mercy is a good thing too !
<br/>Overtime, we continued clearing the maps, two different fleets were set up to clear through world 3 and world 4 at the same time. A fleet with BB and CV tackled 3-1, while a fleet with a mixture of DDs and heavier ship types tackled 4-1, 4-2 and 4-3 (Shigure was the flagship here). Eventually we reached 3-2 and 4-4, where we had to stop for a bit and make a new plan. For the map 3-2, a heavy fleet (Like full of BB and CV) couldnt pass the Ru wall (Preboss node), so I had to sortie a light fleet here, hoping that the speed and evasion of DDs would be useful here. Meanwhile in 4-4, my CVs detected a certain demon class enemy residing there. This demon was a new kind of enemy, an extremely aggressive type of enemy that I had never seen before, clearly more dangerous than the other enemies we met. Soon, strategy for both map 3-2 and 4-4 were made, a light fleet (Full of DDs) with Shigure as the flagship (again) was sortied to map 3-2 to settle the score. Ru tried to stop them, but Shigure took one Ru down luckily, while the other Ru was aiming at the other girls, they took damage but managed to get out of there alive and cut Ru off. They then pulled off a sneak attack on 3-2 Boss, which was a pretty easy boss btw, Shigure got the kill (again...).
<br/>Fubuki (Flagship) and the other heavy ships who was in 4-4 at the same time, got a hard fight against the Demon in 4-4 Boss (CVB Oni), couldnt take her down at all. Fubuki took damage and couldnt sortie any more, so I was about to postpone the map. But Shigure, who just returned from 3-2, told me to replace Fubuki's flagship position and let her handle the Oni instead. At first, I didnt want to sortie Shigure to 4-4 as she already did a good job in 3-2 earlier, I didnt want to bother her for another map again. But her look, her determination and seriousness couldnt let me say no, I had to let her go anyway, with her promising she would be fine and would get us a victory.
<br/>Shigure did a better job than Fubuki did (Not surprised anymore seriously...), but not so much for the other girls. Most of them took heavy damage, we had to retreat. But then, the CVB Oni that Zuikaku and Shoukaku successfully killed earlier suddenly got back up, became very mad, transformed herself into CVB Hime (Princess type enemy). This terrified the girls, caused them to outright retreat back to the base except Shigure. Shigure was a bit terrified too, but the promise she made with me earlier made her not want to leave the place at all and decided to yolo. Kongou and Cranes had to go back there to get Shigure out of there. Shigure could have won the fight though, but seeing Kongou's group returning to get her out of there, she let her guard down and CVB Hime eventually hit her, knocking her out in the process. Kongou had to grab her and they all got out of there alive fortunately
*Kongou : She lost consciousness teitoku !
*Fong : Get her out of there, fast !
*Zuikaku : Put her on your back Kongou !
*Kongou : Okay....
Shigure was brought back to base safely, along with the other girls, but her head was bleeding badly and she fainted, I told my girls to get her to the repairing dock quickly, hoping that she would be okay. Leon, who was standing next to me, told me not to worry about it too much as these injuries are nothing for them, they can heal those faster than we human being too. But still, shipgirls can still die if 1./ They lost too much blood, 2./ They got headshot (as in shot in the head, right through the brain !), or 3./ Right through the heart (Pretty much like human eh ?).<br/>
She was put in the bathtub and after a while, she regained consciousness again. After she finished docking, she saw me waiting outside the bathroom (Or ... the repairing dock) where I outright punched her head and grabbed her shoulders while she was feeling painful due to my punch 
*Fong : Shigure ! Whats wrong with you ? Disobeying my order of retreating and yolo yourself in a dangerous place like that, did you know I was so worried about you ? You could have killed yourself you know !!!!
*Shigure :..... Sorry...... But I wanted... to keep the promise...
*Fong : Promise ?
*Shigure : I made a promise with you... with all of us.... that we will come home with a victory.... How can I call it a victory when the boss is still alive, rampaging the area ??
*Fong : You idiot ! ''I hugged her'', your safety is more important, I was sick worrying about you when you fainted, I thought.... You died ... !
*Shigure : ..... ha .... my teitoku.... There is no way I could die easily, not in a way like that .... lol ....
*Fong : Sorry..... ''I hugged her for way too long right there, I hoped Ayako didnt see it'', didnt mean for the hug ...
*Shigure : ''smiles'', Its okay.... and Im glad to hear that you were worried about me too ... I tried my best to make you pay attention to me, I guess it worked out in the end lol
*Fong : Good grief... I thought about your action btw... Im gonna bench you for a while
*Shigure : What ? Why ?
*Fong : Relax...I dont allow you to go sortie thats all, you may do something risky again, just chill with expedition and stay in the base okay ?
*Shigure : But...
*Fong : Shigure, I really appreciate all the work you have done, for me, for the girls and for the whole naval base. I guess its better for you to take a rest for a while. You were alway sortied these days, have you ever got a good rest during these fights ?
*Shigure : .......
*Fong : Yeah .... thats what I thought, so please, listen to me....... I know that face, dont make that face to me. Just... listen to me ... take a rest ... okay ?
*Shigure : ........... Okay ...
*Fong : Thanks.... 
I rubbed her head before leaving, not noticing Iroha from her room was watching us the whole time (The repairing dock is almost next to the HQ).<br/>
<br/>
'''ACE HQ - Tokyo, Japan - 5/27/2015 1:00 AM'''<br/>
*Yuki : You were right.... They are brother !
Yuki was seen talking to someone on the phone. That mysterious person then made a phone call to another person in '''Los Angeles, US''' saying ''Time to break him out of jail... We found his brother !''
<br/>''Got it !'', the guy in US replied before hanging up.<br/>
That guy then walked towards a girl who was sniping at someone in the far-away building with her sniper rifle. He started talking with her after she has done killing that person :
<br/>''We found him Sakuya...''
*Sakuya : So he is alive after all eh ? Cant wait to see him again, my friend....
<br/>
<br/>
'''Los Angeles - US'''<br/>
'''5/26/2015 9:30 AM'''
|-|E8=
Shigure was seen practicing at night again (3 AM already, she was still not sleeping !). Iroha then checked her out by throwing a rock at Shigure, much to Shigure's surprise but she dodged it anyway (as usual....)
*Shigure : Iroha-san !
*Iroha : .... We need to talk .....
Those two had some kind of conversation and Shigure looked pretty worried, she got back to training after they finished talking.<br/><br/>
----
Lets talk about world 3 and world 4 a bit, world 3 is pretty cold due to being located in the Northern Sea, while world 4 has a lot of small islands around, good for getting resources along the way. We eventually cleared through 3-3 and we hit a wall called as 3-4. Meanwhile in 4-4, the CVB Hime still got angry, it seemed she got powered up and became extremely aggressive, even more than before.<br/>
As of this time, I have had 60 girls in my base. Carrier Division 1, all Kongou, Fusou, Ise and Nagato sisters have arrived (Souryuu arrived too but I didnt have Hiryuu, rip....). A bunch of heavy fleet were kept being sent to 3-4 to no avail for a week, enemies kept destroying my girls (BB Ru and Wo were everywhere), even light ships like DDs could hardly dodge them. My strategy of going all out was still kept till the end anyway, till one day, my girls actually managed to punch through the last defensive fleet of 3-4 Boss, the boss was right there, but Kaga took a lot of damage due to the Ru wall earlier, I had to make a choice there, either going for the boss, risking Kaga's life, or coming back to base at once. While thinking, Shigure was about to leave the HQ, trying to save the day, but I warned her not to. In the end, Kaga told me that she would be fine anyway, just keep going for the boss, even if she died here, at least her death wouldnt be a waste as we would be able to get the boss afterwards anyway. I knew we had been stuck in map 3-4 for like a week, and everyone was bored of the result too, they really wanted a chance to push through the enemy defensive wall to kill the boss right now, and there was no better chance than the one we were having right there ! I eventually went with Kaga's idea of continuing, made me feel really bad for Kaga if she was gonna die. But somehow, god helped me right there, the girls pulled off a fantastic battle where enemies went down (Including the boss) without hitting Kaga even once ! She survived .... I cant tell how happy we all were when they announced that they liberated the sea without any serious causalities. Shigure, who was leaning against the wall across me, felt kinda disappointed since she didnt get to show her performance but congratulated the shipgirls out there anyway.<br/>
''Good grief...'', Shigure commented when the operation succeeded.<br/>
<br/>
Now back to 4-4, the CVB Hime was still there, and the fleet I sent to fight her wasnt good enough to beat her, she even slapped my girls pretty badly too. Shigure then looked at me, she really wanted me to sortie her, but I didnt want to ! She tried to persuade me though (And it worked gdi ....), saying she wouldnt risk herself again, ask me to trust her this one. At first, I was afraid that she '''would''' do it again, but considering the current situation right now, I didnt have much options, probably Shigure's skill (Accuracy, power and evasion) was the only way to help clear 4-4 Boss. We all then had to make a promise :
*Fong : Promise me, you will not fight alone again !
*Shigure : I promise...
We had a pinky swear before Shigure actually going out to deal with 4-4 Boss.<br/>
As I expected, Shigure was the only one who managed to dodge enemy shots in 4-4 Boss area, the rest of the girls were hit one way or another. Cranes were taking too much damage, they couldnt launch any aircraft, the girls were on their owns for the rest of the fight. Shigure then noticed an enemy submarine launching torpedo at Kongou, she had no choices but to take a hit for Kongou, once again, almost knocked her out and Shigure got hurt. However, her determination made her keep going, she wouldnt retreat until the boss was down (Yes, once again, she disobeyed my order, what are the odds ?). That enemy submarine continued attacking other girls from the bottom, we couldnt see it coming. Shigure realized none of the girls had ASW, so she had to make a risky decision, she held her breath and dove into the ocean, trying to find the submarine to take it down. The girls back on the surface of the sea were panic as they suddenly lost Shigure, while the earpiece Shigure carrying outright lost signal the moment she dove into the sea (Its suck that the earpieces arent water proof !), made me and shipgirls back in the HQ feel worried, not knowing what happened with Shigure. Usually, the only effective way to destroy a submarine is to bring an ASW, but since they didnt bring one, Shigure had to improvise. Somehow the ammo that are used to shoot for her gun, can pierce through the enemy submarine too (Trust me, it does, even its kinda bullshit I agree, Shigure apparently knew about this too). She immediately saw the submarine all the way down at the bottom, thinking there was only one chance to do it. She decided to sneak attack it and it worked (Enemy submarines have bad reaction time, they can barely avoid hit, thats why most of the times they stay under the sea surface to avoid getting hit !), killed the submarine instantly with her gun. The Boss (CVB Hime) then looked surprised, suddenly the torpedo of her submarine stopped, while the Floating Fortress next to her exploded due to taking the torpedo from Shigure, who just resurfaced nearby and ordered every other girls to attack the boss. The other Floating Fortress got mad, trying to shoot at Shigure, but she quickly got behind it and gave it a shot, killing it as well, the boss no longer had escorts and became vulnerable from this point. <br/>
Shigure began shooting at the boss, one of those hit its right eye, causing it to lose vision a bit. Kongou, Fubuki and Nachi came to help too, blocking the boss from running away. Luckily, this boss doesnt have radar, so Shigure could easily get behind the back and shoot it, the boss could no longer move. Its last attack, was to launch every last aircraft it had trying to bomb the girls. But Zuikaku, despite taking damage, managed to launch some aircraft to shoot them down, Fubuki helped shoot down the rest and the boss was pretty dead after that point. The last thing it saw before it got killed was both Kongou's shell and Shigure's torpedo going for it. Both attacks hit the boss at the same time and a huge explosion could be heard afterwards. The boss was dead.... and the map was cleared....<br/>
From the HQ, we were worried as fuck when Shigure dove into the sea without saying anything, I thought some abyssal creature ate her alive ! But then the moment she resurfaced and shot down the Floating Fortress, gotta admit she looked badass right there, her reappearance relieved a lot of people too, including me,... seriously... Shigure is a talented girl, I am not gonna deny it, but she needs to stop making people worried about her gdi !<br/>
They all got back to base safely, this time, even Shigure took damage because of shielding Kongou earlier. I had to make a compliment on her doing :
*Fong : You are one risky girl, do you know that ? ''punching her head again, but its a soft punch''
*Shigure : Ha ha.... But at least we cleared the map, and came back safely... Isnt that a good thing teitoku ?
Seeing her smile while talking with me, I honestly couldnt blame her anymore. That innocent smile and determination really got my attention.<br/>
''Shigure, what are you anyway ?''<br/>
I started thinking that she has done many things that the shipgirls normally cant, I didnt know why but.....I had a feeling that Shigure was something else... something made her really special, very different from the others (This time... I meant literally !!).<br/>
<br/>
'''New York - US - 6/3/2015 10:00 PM'''<br/>
One of the correctional facilities there just got compromised. A bunch of people with black suit broke into it, shooting security guards while a young man walking towards the last cell in the hallway, opened the door with the key grabbed from a dead security guard earlier.
*Choi : Yo.....ha ha... Kaiki.... What brought you here ?
*Kaiki : We have a good news : We found him, he is still alive after all !
*Choi : Him ?
*Kaiki : Michael's brother !
*Choi : Oh..... 
*Kaiki : You know what to do next right ? ''smiles''
*Choi : Hmph... Michael made his brother disappear for his own safety, now that I know his brother is still alive, he is gonna pay for the rest ! ...
Both of them then walked out of the prison, including their men. They all then drove away by cars, with Choi sitting in the same car with Sakuya, who was the driver too.<br/>
<br/>
'''BA Canteen - 6/4/2015 8:00 PM'''<br/>
David decided to tell Kongou about his past, probably it would be better to let out his feeling by sharing his story to other people. Kongou then asked her sisters to leave for a while, until David finished his story. Kongou really paid attention to David, those two had a nice conversation and it really made David feel better a bit. Back to me, a party was held in the canteen for the celebration of clearing both world 3 and 4. We all had a great time sitting together, talking about the sortie, about the battles were being pretty tough for the last few days. Shigure and several shipgirls were sitting at my table too (Basically my table = my group, including Leon, Ryuuji and Ayako. David was busy talking with Kongou at the other table while Iroha... I had no ideas where she was...), and again, out of all the seats Shigure could pick, she had to pick the seat right next to me, made me wondering ''why she kept getting close to me'', Shigure only replied to me with a smile on her face :
*Shigure : I like it this way, I want to be closer with you, you dont like it teitoku ?
*Fong : Not that I dont like it but....
Shigure immediately got closer to me, caused Ayako to load her gun up, warned me not to lewd her !
*Fong : Ayako... chill okay.... ! ''outright grabbed Shigure's shoulders and pushed her away from me a bit'', can you at least give me some space Shigure ?
*Shigure : ''giggled'' ... alright teitoku.. lol ...
(Ayako almost killed me right there....). Normal conversation occurred afterwards, most of the talks were about Shigure being risky, but still managed to get out alive and how good she was during battles. Leon and Ryuuji heard about Shigure's evasion and accuracy being godlike before but never got to see her perform it with their own eyes. Leon threw a peanut at her, she avoided it with her eyes closed, not even surprised at all. Fubuki saw Leon throw peanut at Shigure, she got hyped as well and throw peanut at her too (This time, she threw 6 of them lol !), Shigure avoided 3, the other 3 peanuts she caught them with her fingers. She amused everyone on the table right there and got an applause for it, but from my experience, I saw her do that enough (In training mostly), just wondered how she managed to do so, apparently a normal shipgirl couldnt do the same like she did !<br/>
Meanwhile, at the piers, Iroha was talking to someone via the laptop (She really likes this place... yes !), a random scientist in ACE lab
*Satoshi : My baby worked better than I expected lol
*Iroha : You mean ours...... ?
*Satoshi : Yeah sorry... I was so excited... Is she OK though, seeing her take too much damage like that...
*Iroha : Fine..... for now ....
*Satoshi : Oh well I will leave the rest to you Iroha, keep an eyes on Shigure, and Fong too.... I cant let my friend down you know !
*Iroha : ..... ''didnt reply anything, just outright closed the call''
*Satoshi : ''thinking'' : (Still unsociable as usual...)
<br/><br/>
Leon then found Iroha at the pier, gave her dinner before taking off, telling her not to skip meals frequently (Since the day of renovation, she tended to skip meals due to her work). Meanwhile I went to the command room to setup new strategies for World 5. World 5 is full of Oni and Hime waiting for us, I had to think carefully before sortieing the girls. <br/>
Oh yeah, Hitoshi guy, broke into my command room, used Carl to play video game again ! (Can this guy stop using Carl for his personal entertainment ffs ?). This time I literally kicked his ass to warn him not to come back here unless I told him to ! That guy irritated me seriously.<br/>
The only notable maps in world 5 are the Coral Islands (5-2) and Sav Island (5-3). I noticed map 5-3 is a bit special, as the enemies there dont go out at day, they are only active at night, which means, if we wanna liberate the sea of 5-3, we have to engage multiple night battles with them. Shigure could be really helpful here, but again, I knew she would something crazy risking her life again, I needed to reconsider the other options.<br/>
<br/>
Midnight, another quiet night... Most of the shipgirls have gone to sleep, Shigure was seen training alone outside the beach (Again... she never knows when to sleep properly !). Well....shit happened during this night.... Few security guards outside the dormitory were knocked out by 4 unknown men. They proceeded to enter the dormitory via the windows and continued knocking out the guards that were on patrol in the hallway. One of the guards still had some consciousness left, pulled out a gun and shot one of the men down while they were trying to pick the door lock. This made the other guy panicked and shot that guard dead. The sound of gunfire could be heard by everyone in the dormitory, those men had no choices but to pick the lock quickly and brake into the room, grabbed Akatsuki (She was still sleeping all the time, didnt even hear the gunfire sound) and jumped through the windows to escape. Hibiki, who was in the next room, tried to stop them, but got carried away too ! Hitoshi, who was sleeping on the sofa of the lobby, heard the gunfire, immediately woke him up and fell off the sofa (His face hit the floor btw lol). Shipgirls quickly gathered around Akatsuki's room, just to find out that she was nowhere to be seen and see the windows of her room broken, while several others noticed the dead body of the guard earlier, bleeding, terrified them. Hitoshi ran into the scene after he heard the terrifying scream of shipgirls :
*Hitoshi : What happened ? I heard a gunfire...... ''saw a dead body'', Oh... damn man !
*Inazuma : ''crying'', Hitoshi-san, my.....my sister..... is gone......
*Hitoshi : Alright... alright... relax ... dont cry ok...  !
*Ikazuchi : ''came out of Hibiki's room'', oi... Hitoshi-san... I cant find Hibiki either !
Inazuma heard about it and she cried even louder !
*Hitoshi : Ikazuchi, can you appease her omg ? I cant...
Ikazuchi then pulled Inazuma out of there, while Hitoshi looking around the room, noticing the lock and the windows, he guessed that some people were trying to pick the lock to get into this room and kidnap Akatsuki, but couldnt guess why Hibiki was missing too.<br/>
Those kidnappers had to carry the guy that was shot by the guard earlier, so they got slowed down a lot, until realizing he didnt breathe anymore, they dumped him in the forest and headed to the pier. Shigure on the beach noticed some men running to the piers carrying two white bags, probably hostage, she tried to shoot them, she hit those men, but the bullets from her gun didnt seem to deal any real damage to them. They ran away on the yacht stolen from my base and Shigure tried to catch them, but couldnt match the speed of the yacht and she quickly lost it afterwards, leaving an irritating look on her face (''Tch !'', from Shigure).<br/>
3:00 AM, I was sleeping soundly, Ayako woke me up :
*Ayako : Get up Fong ! We got a serious problem here !
She then jumped into me and slapped my face, I was pissed, tried to hit her but she jumped off me before I could hit her.
*Fong : What the hell ?
*Leon : Fong, Akatsuki and Hibiki are kidnapped !
*Fong : Wait what ? Say again ?
*Ayako : ''yelled at me'', your shipgirls got kidnapped ! Are you deaf ?
*Fong : Ok Ok dont shout geez !
We all proceeded to search around the base but no signs of Akatsuki and Hibiki, either the kidnappers hid them somewhere that is really hard to find or they fled the island. Shigure then met me at the HQ, saying she saw few strange men running away with 2 big white bags and our yacht earlier, and I started wondering why people wanted to kidnap shipgirls. (Side note : Lewding a shipgirl = get jailed, but lewding a shipgirl '''that is loli''' = Death penalty, immediate death !). Meanwhile, Akatsuki, who was sleeping all the time, felt she was moving and woke up, just to see herself and Hibiki got tied up and 3 men kidnapping them earlier sitting on the front of the yacht, moving to somewhere :
*Man 1 : You are awake young lady ? ''Pointing his pistol at them''
*Akatsuki : Who... who are you ... ?
*Man 2 : ''turning around'', hey just relax... we are not gonna hurt you two... for now lol
*Man 1 : Yeah... Just sit tight ... and dont do anything stupid alright ?
Akatsuki and Hibiki had to stay silent to keep themselves safe. However, they didnt know Hibiki was trying to untie herself on the back.<br/>
Back in the '''HQ''', Iroha was pretty sleepy, but Leon had to wake her up to help trace the yacht that those kidnappers used. She wanted to use the touchscreen keyboard to control the computer she made (You know... Carl !), but it was taller than herself, she couldnt reach it, Ayako had to ask ACE people to find a stool for her, Iroha looked pretty embarrassed while softly said ''Dont judge..... my height !'' (She looked cute though !). Anyway, onto the main business, Iroha accessed all cameras around the island and saw them run away with the yacht named BN-16. Luckily, all the yacht belonged to BA have GPS, so Iroha easily traced that yacht, found out that it stopped in the middle of south china sea, 280 km offshore. We had to zoom in on the yacht's location to realize that those kidnappers took them to a small island right there.
<br/>Those men grabbed Akatsuki and Hibiki upon arriving at the island, but not knowing Hibiki had untied herself, she immediately gave the man coming towards her an upper cut, knocked him down in the process, allowed her to flee. She realized she couldnt take the other two men out, so she had to escape first and ask for help later. She dove into the sea while the men tried to shoot her, one of the bullets hit her on the back, she got hurt but still tried to swim away from the island.
*Akatsuki : ''yelling'', Hibiki-chan !
*Man 3 (The guy who took an upper cut from Hibiki earlier) : Fuck.... she got away !
*Man 2 : ''withdrawing his gun'', what to do now ?
*Man 1 : ''Grabbing Akatsuki'', whatever... we still have this girl. 
*Akatsuki : Shireikan.... save me ... ''crying'' 
6:00 AM, a lot of ACE coast guards and sailors were sent away to look for those two around that island and the whole sea. Soon, one of the ships found Hibiki floating on the sea, bleeding out and unconscious. They had to get her to the hospital fast, with the news of her being found was quickly sent to my HQ later and we all rushed to the hospital to check her out. Fortunately, the bullet didnt hit any of her vital organs, she only needed a little rest and would wake up anytime soon.<br/>
ACE people arrived at the island we believed Akatsuki was taken to, but no signs of her or any of those men there (We did find some footprint on the sand and the stolen yacht though, it seemed they ran away in another boat). Meanwhile, those men brought Akatsuki to an abandoned factory in Philippines, where a girl (Sakuya) and the man from the jail earlier (Choi) were waiting for her :
*Choi : I wonder how much he cares about his girls, like you ....
*Akatsuki : If my shireikan found you..... you would be dead ... Do you know ?
*Choi : If he could even find me.... that is lol.... 
Choi tried to touch her but she avoided his hand and even bit it, Choi punched her, knocking her to the ground.
*Choi : Fuck you.... ''Told his henchmen :'' Lock her up, dont let her go !
Choi and Sakuya left the scene while his henchmen pulled Akatsuki to somewhere else.<br/>
The body of one of the henchmen was found in the forest. This guy had no ID so we didnt know who the hell he was, but looking at his face, he could be East Asian (Chinese/Japanese/Korean). Seeing our investigation not going anywhere, Iroha made a phone call to someone again :
*Iroha : Doc....my lab.... turn on the pc....
(Iroha has her own lab back in ACE HQ, she has a Desktop Computer there which can be used to access ACE's database).
*Satoshi : Not even a hello.... geez, **He went into Iroha's lab in Japan and turned on her pc''
*Iroha : Okay.... thanks...
*Satoshi : Can I at least ge....
She hung up before Satoshi got to finish his words
*Satoshi : ... Again...''let out a sigh'', she doesnt change at all lol....
With Iroha's pc in Japan now has turned on, Iroha could access ACE's database from Carl (Hiro, the current leader of ACE, in exchange for saving the world, made a deal with several intelligent agencies such AS CIA, PSIA and Interpol to get classified information of criminals around the world. Why he needs these information ? It will be revealed much later on... ! Anyway, because of that, from ACE's database, you can access other intelligent agency's database too, to find criminals for example). Iroha proceeded to use the photo of Choi's dead henchman, scanned through Interpol's database and got a hit (Trust me, ACE's technology is pretty advanced, and this is Iroha we are talking about...), everyone then took a look at the LCD screen :
*Fong : Liu Chang Zhi, Chinese criminal wanted by interpol ?
*Ayako : Lets see.. This guy sure has a wonderful criminal record, murdered over 20 people in Hong Kong in the last two years, also participated in many latest terrorist activities
*Leon : Not just that... look at the men around him, every case he was in, those 3 people were alway with him.
*Fong : Are you implying they alway work together ?
*Leon : What do you think ?
*Fong : Iroha... can you...
I didnt even need to tell her, she already zoomed in on their faces and scanned through the database. All of them were on the Interpol's watch list apparently. Just taking a glance at them alone made all of us feel these guys shouldnt be messed with.
*Fong : Ok... We have to assume that these 4 men on the screen = The 4 men that kindnapped Akatsuki.
*Ayako : What is that report behind those photos ?
Ayako walked towards the screen, used her hand to move all of the photos out of the way, revealing the report that their leader was captured two years ago (2013). Those 4 people used to work for this guy, all of them managed to escape but him. It is said that one of the PSIA agents, also working for ACE, has gone undercover in his group to find appropriate evidence to bust him out. He successfully did it in the end and brought a great reputation to PSIA, that leader guy was sent to jail after being proven guilty in trial later.
*Fong : Does that hero have a name ?
*Ayako : Iroha ?
Iroha then searched through the database about that agent
*Ayako : Okay there it is...... A deceased agent who used to capture the most dangerous criminal of all times... name... Michael ... Nakamura ??? Wait.... Isnt that....
I looked surprised when I saw the name, before I replied to Ayako : ''Ya..... Thats my brother ....'', I couldnt believe my brother worked for both PSIA and ACE, he didnt tell me at all about what he was doing in Japan !
*Fong : About that criminal leader, can you find his name too Iroha ?
Iroha once again looked through all the reports about him being caught and sent to jail, she quickly found the name '''Yuan Wen Choi '''
<br/> I froze myself a bit right there, when I saw that leader's name and face clearly. I suddenly saw a flashback the moment I heard the name Choi, someone was talking to me in my head :
<br/>''You cant stay here....He will kill you..... Im sorry''<br/>
That voice was stuck in my head, I lost myself, until Leon and Ayako called my name that brought me back to reality, asked me if I was fine. ''Im fine'' is what I told them, but I was still thinking about it, like ''what was that all about''. Shigure was seen leaning against the wall in the far back of the command room, looked pretty concerned and worried about me. I decided to go for a walk to relax myself, while telling others to continue looking for Akatsuki. After I left the room, Leon and Ayako followed me to get outside too, told Shigure and Iroha to turn off the lights if they get out as well. When the room only had Iroha and Shigure left, those two had a conversation :
*Shigure : ''sitting on the sofa'', Iroha-san, you saw that too right ?
*Iroha : ''nodded her head''
*Shigure : What now ?
*Iroha : ''not saying anything, just outright moved around the room to close every windows and lock the door''
Shigure saw Iroha do so, she stood up to help Iroha too, closing every windows and drawing all the curtains around the room. Afterwards, Iroha connected a video call from her laptop to Satoshi, the scientist in ACE lab.
*Satoshi : Let me guess.... another favour ?
*Shigure : Satoshi-san, we got a problem !
Three of them then had a conversation via video call, talked about something very serious.
<br/><br/>
Hibiki finally regained consciousness at noon, we immediately rushed to the hospital (with Ayako and David at least, Leon was going somewhere else while Ryuuji was busy searching for Akatsuki around nearby small islands).<br/>
We asked a lot of questions to make sure Hibiki was fine, while I was still surprised to know that shipgirls cant automatically heal the injury caused by normal bullet came from our real gun. At one point I had to teach them how to defend against enemies with real gun seriously !<br/>
Meanwhile, Leon was seen outside the beach, hearing the phone call with him replying ''Alright, thanks for your help..''. Looked like he knew something that I didnt know, again ! He then drove his car to the hospital as well.
<br/><br/>
----
<font color="blue">'''Lets have an Explanation Corner for a bit lol ! Throughout the series, there will be certain times that I need to explain some logic and give out some information to help you guys understand my story better, this is one of those times'''</font><br/>
*Shipgirls in battle when taking damage from abyssal forces, they actually bleed, causing injury. However, the bullet (or shell) that abyssal forces used to hit the girls are a special type of damage, they can heal the injury caused by abyssal forces by staying in the repairing dock (At a pretty fast rate too, faster than we human being healing our injuries).
*On the other hand.... bullets came out from the normal gun, pistol or firearm of us human being (Lets call these as '''Real Firearm''') dont follow the same rule as above. If a shipgirl is hit with a real bullet, that injury would work as the same way as we human do, cant be healed by the repairing dock ! (They have to wait for few days to recover it like us)
*Notice how Shigure couldnt hurt any of the men with her gun earlier. Apparently, shipgirl's weapon wont do any damage to us human, so the only way for shipgirls to injure human, is that they actually know how to use our gun (real firearm) and shoot them with it.
*Basically, shipgirl's weapon only work against abyssal forces and themselves ! If they use their own weapons to hurt themselves (or shoot at the other shipgirls, you know.... PvP ?), they will take the ''special damage'' as said above.
*The reason why shipgirl's weapon cant hurt any of us human will be revealed '''much later''' in the series, for now, just take this as a fact
<br/>
*Now lets talk about ACE a bit, ACE has its own army, navy, air force and even coast guard, consisting of people from many different countries. Soldiers = People in Army, mostly work on ground (Land force basically) / Sailors = People in Navy, mostly work at sea and Coast Guard = people do both (A mixture of both Army and Navy). Air Force doesnt get mentioned in this series much so lets just ignore it. Leon, David used to be in the same Unit 17 of the Navy, while Ayako was in Unit 16 of the Navy. Both Unit 16 and 17 tended to fight together in the past, thats how Leon and Ayako met !
----
|-|E9=
Ryuuji, who was looking for Akatsuki offshore, got a text message from someone while getting closer to Philippines's contiguous zone. He then ordered ACE people to return as the search wasnt going anywhere.
<br/>Back in the '''BA Hospital''', Leon met me and Ayako in Hibiki's room, several other shipgirls, especially Ikazuchi and Inazuma paid a visit too. Leon then dragged me and Ayako out of Hibiki's room to tell us something, looked pretty serious :
*Fong : Why so serious ?
*Leon : There is something you need to know. I just hung up with CIA earlier, they told me Choi has escaped from prison !
*Fong : .....
*Ayako : I thought he was locked up in the highest-secured prison, how ?
*Leon : Apparently he got some help and now he is on the run. Interpol and CIA started warning people a while ago, this news will be reported on the TV soon. But....
*Ayako : But.... ?
*Fong : But what.... ?
*Leon : There is a theory going on in my head now, call me crazy or whatever, do you two wanna hear ?
*Fong : Sure... Enough crazy things happened today btw, why not get some more lol
*Leon : Okay.... Im thinking, what if the kidnapping has something to do with Choi ? I mean... your brother used to capture him, now since he passed away and Choi is somewhere out there, could it be that he is going after you for revenge?
Leon had a point, but if that was the case, ''why wouldnt Choi just outright kill me then, why go through all these troubles ?'', I asked him.
*Leon : Maybe he likes messing with you ? ... I dont know. But either way, if Choi is behind this, you can bet that he is gonna do some horrible things !
*Ayako : We need to find him and those guys fast
After the conversation, I started taking what Leon said into consideration, but at the same time, I had some weird flashback again. I kept seeing things, the sound of gunfire and a lot of voices were stuck in my head again.<br/>
''Im sorry..... but you cant stay here.... you must leave...''
<br/>''I cant let you die...''<br/>
''He will kill you...''<br/>
''Forgive me.... Kevin''<br/>
I tried to recall, but I couldnt..... My head hurt... why couldnt I recall them ? Who's voice was that ?<br/>
My phone rang, pulled me back to reality. A guy on the other end talked to me :<br/>
''Long time no see Fong, or should I say, Michael's brother.. Kevin ?''
<br/><br/>
Meanwhile, Shigure was washing her face in the bathroom, seeing herself in the mirror, she recalled the conversation with Satoshi earlier :
<font color="green">
*Iroha : Your fault.... Should have .... erased everything of.....his brother too.....
*Satoshi : Cant be helped. That would be too cruel you know !
*Shigure : ....
*Satoshi : Anyway... time for you to shine, Shigure 
*Shigure : yeah....
*Satoshi : We are counting on you.... dont screw it up !
*Shigure : Roger
</font>
Shigure slammed her hands down on the sink before getting out of the bathroom with an uneasy look.
<br/><br/>
----
David, who was on the first floor of BA hospital buying a can of coffee (Apparently he didnt get enough sleep.... oh wait... right... the kidnapping case happened in the middle of the night, oops... ), saw a bunch of children running around in the hallway with one of them fell on the ground and hurt his leg, David immediately helped that kid by giving him a plaster to cover his injury. Kongou saw his action, commented about how kind he is. Those children thanked to David before going back playing together again.
*David : What are you doing here anyway Kongou ?
*Kongou : Check out Hibiki... and you too ...
*David : Really.... I have nothing to be checked out though...
*Kongou : You are not good at lying, Dave !
*Kongou : Come with me... ''She grabbed David's hand and pulled him to somewhere else''
<br/>
Meanwhile, my call :
*Fong : Who is this...? And who is Kevin ?
*Choi : Hmph... only two years and you forgot already? Lets just say... Your brother used to sell me out and put me in jail !
*Fong : ''Could it be...'', are you ...Yuan Wen Choi ?
*Choi : Bingo ! I have a gift for you : ''kicked the door of the cabinet where Akatsuki was locked up'', lady ! Your admiral said hi !
*Akatsuki : ''yelling'', admiral, help me please.... ! Im scared.... 
*Fong : Akatsuki ???
Leon and Ayako realized Leon's theory earlier was true, Choi was behind this, he then told me to buy the time, while Ayako called Iroha to help trace his current location via the phone call. Iroha was sleeping at the moment (3PM now, not even night yet !), the call interrupted her sleep made her mad a bit, but considering Choi was having Akatsuki right now, she had no choices but to help us anyway.
*Choi : Im offering a deal... you for that little girl
*Fong : Look Choi ....I had nothing to do with my brother alright? He passed away two years ago anyway... this revenge is pointless to begin with. Why dont you just stop and return Akatsuki to us?
*Choi : Not pointless at all Kevin. You were supposed to be dead along with him, but he made you disappear. Now that I found you, Im not gonna let you live. I will send the meeting place and location where you will go there, alone to meet me later. Should I see any of your friends nearby or you not showing up at all. The girl will die, hear me ?
*Fong : You... !!
Choi hung up the call, Iroha didnt have enough time to locate where Choi was, but judging the signal radius of the other end from her laptop, she guessed that Akatsuki was being held somewhere in Philippines. 
<br/>Ryuuji met us in the hospital after looking for Akatsuki everywhere, Leon then criticized Ryuuji for overlooking Philippines's shore with Ryuuji admitted that people sent a message to him saying Akatsuki was not in Philippines either, so he ordered his men to return instead. <br/>
<br/>''Why did Choi call me Kevin anyway.... I dont know why... but that name sounds familiar... I heard it somewhere''<br/>
''Im sorry....''
<br/>''Im sorry...''
<br/>''Im sorry..... Kevin ... but you cant stay here ... you must leave now !''<br/>
''Forgive me... Kevin...''<br/>
I saw it.... I saw my brother, Michael.... he was calling me Kevin ??<br/>
I tried to touch him.... but he knocked me out.... I couldnt see anything afterwards....<br/>
<br/>
Leon's voice once again woke me up, I kept seeing those flashback and hearing those voices... what was happening to me.... ??<br/>
Choi (From the factory in Philippines) told his men to move out, grabbing Akatsuki along with them. He then told her ''I wonder how much he cares for you'' before sending a text to me about the location and time for meetup.<br/>
I informed Leon, Ayako and Ryuuji about the text, with Leon and Ayako strongly discourage me to go there as it was probably a trap (And why would we trust villain anyway ?). I didnt have much options though, if I didnt go, Akatsuki would be killed.
<br/>They decided to go help me and backup if things went wrong (Had to be careful though, if Choi and his henchmen saw my friends at the meetup place, both me and Akatsuki would be screwed !). Shigure at first refused to let me go and tell me to let her go instead, but I persuaded her in the end, saying ''I will be fine, dont underestimate me, I can fight too you know !'' (All experience got from war-game before would help me a lot here, in case Choi's group decided to shoot me, I could at least counter). I even told them to keep an eyes on Choi, try to capture him if possible as well.
<br/>Now think about it, where the hell David was? Leon had to call him to check out :
*Leon : Oi David, where have you been the whole day?
*David : (Turns out he is in the restaurant right now, enjoying some delicious meal with Kongou)... Oh hi... I was busy a bit ... lol 
*Leon : What kind of busy ?
*Kongou : Hey Dave, open your mouth, ''She then threw a cupcake to his mouth'', is it good ?
*David : Ummmmm.... good ? Its the best thing I have ever eaten !
*Leon : You are in some kind of restaurant right now ?
*David : U..... no..
*Leon : Seriously dude ? People are busy looking for a missing girl here, while you are hanging out with somebody in a restaurant !!!
*David : It cant be helped, I got carried away lol...
Leon wanted to punch him so bad, but then he heard the laugh, looked like David and Kongou had fun times there. Leon changed his mind anyway :
*Leon : You know what, just do whatever you want.... We will talk about this later !
*David : Lol ok .... bye then 
David hung up the call 
*Kongou : Who was that, Dave ?
*David : Leon, he knows we are here btw, Im so screwed lol 
*Kongou : Hey dont worry, I will talk to him, okay ?
Those two continued enjoying their dinner while the rest of us prepared for the meetup.<br/>
<br/>
'''Random Dock in Philippines - 6/5/2015 9:00 PM'''<br/>
In the '''BA HQ''', Iroha has accessed to the camera near the dock, she now became our eyes, watching all of us and Choi's henchmen, in case things went wrong, she would warn us. <br/>
Ayako, Leon and Ryuuji followed me to Philippines, with them hiding around, waiting for my order, while myself went to the meetup place alone. Iroha noticed Choi wasnt there, only his henchmen were, along with Akatsuki.
<br/>(All of us were contacting each other via earpieces btw)
*Iroha : Onii-chan, ....Choi not found....
*Leon : ''I knew it'', Fong, Choi isnt here dude, be careful !
I proceeded to move towards them alone
*Fong : Im here... where is Choi ?
*Man : Unfortunately our boss couldnt make it, we will do his business instead, cmon, come here !
Those henchmen then checked my body to see if I had a gun, they saw my earpiece, they took it and one of the men looked angry, pointed the gun at Akatsuki after my hands were tied.<br/>
Back in the HQ, Shigure, with other several shipgirls, looking at the LCD screen to observe things going on at the dock. Shigure recalled what I and her talked about earlier :
<font color="green">
*Shigure : Teitoku, dont go, its probably a trap, what if Choi kills you ? Let me go instead !
*Fong : I will be fine, dont underestimate me, I can fight too you know ! Beside, this is my problem, you are not involved here Shigure, I wouldnt want to see you get harmed too !
*Shigure : But....
*Fong : Just trust me.... Im not gonna die, okay ? You used to tell me to trust you in battlefield, now you should trust me as well, alright ?
*Shigure : ....Alright...
*Fong : Just stay here and wait for me.... Im gonna be back !
</font>
Those henchmen found out I was contacting someone else, probably with my friends who were going to ambush them.
*Man : Are you kidding me? What part of alone you dont understand? You want this girl dead? ''Pointing gun at Akatsuki's head, Akatsuki looked pretty terrified''
*Ayako : ''Looking at them behind the house'', uh... Leon... I dont like how things are going right now.... He will shoot Akatsuki !!
*Leon : Alright, enough hiding, plan B, move in !
I tried to deny having contacted with anyone, but he was about to kill Akatsuki anyway, I had to do something. I knocked two henchmen around me out, surprised the man. He then pointed the gun at me and shot me, but Akatsuki blocked the shot for me, fatally wounded her in the process, fell on the ground and fainted. Both the men and me were shocked when Akatsuki took a hit, I used this opportunity to punch that man's face and fight him, successfully grabbed his gun and pointed it at him. 2 men that I knocked out earlier suddenly got behind me and aimed their guns at my head too, threatened to kill me if I didnt drop the gun. Luckily, Ayako and Ryuuji arrived in time and pointed the guns at those henchmen's heads too, asking them to drop their guns at once. Those 2 henchmen had to drop the guns in the end. <br/>
While I was not looking, the man who shot at Akatsuki tried to flee, but Leon blocked him, asking ''Where are you going ?''
*Leon : Alright tell us... where is Choi ?
*Man : Hmph.. I will tell you once you defeated us !
*Leon : Just did dude !
*Man : You think there are only 3 of us here ?
The moment that guy finished his words, 17 other guys with black suit came towards and surrounded us, all with firearms.
*Fong : This isnt fair, 4 vs 20 ???
Shigure from the HQ saw us getting surrounded, immediately rushed out of the room. Iroha noticed Shigure run away, but didnt say anything.<br/>
Back at the dock :
*Man : All of you are stupid, walking into the meetup place without knowing how many of us there are, we will give you a quick and less painful death alright ?
20 henchmen pointed their guns at us, while we got surrounded.<br/>
*Fong : Leon, do you still have it ? You know, whenever we are ambushed...
*Leon : Lol of course, alway with me dude.... good old trick... Now ?
*Fong : Now !
Leon dropped a flashbang, all of us covered the eyes while those henchmen got stunned, we immediately broke through and knocked some of them out, got behind one of the nearby blocks to defend against them for a while.
*Fong : Untie me, hurry !
Leon used his knife to untie me and gave me one of his guns.
*Fong : Good old trick alway works huh ?
*Leon : Tell me about it lol 
Leon, Ayako and Ryuuji tried to shoot them back behind the block, while I was trying to stop the bleeding of Akatsuki's wound.
*Fong : Not good, she is losing too much blood, Ryuuji, can you get her to the hospital ?
*Ryuuji : Well... assuming they dont shoot me dead.... sure !
*Ayako : We need to take them out soon, but if they keep shooting us like this, we cant move anywhere !
We were kinda stuck there, not knowing what to do next, until we saw someone shot the parachute flare up to the sky, turns out to be Shigure skating on the water, moving towards us at a very high speed. Those henchmen noticed her, tried to shoot her but she moved so fast that none of the bullets hit her. She threw a bunch of grenades at those henchmen, blew them up and joined us behind the block.
*Fong : Shigure, what are you doing here ? I thought I told you to stay !
*Leon : And are those my grenades ??
*Shigure : Sorry teitoku, but I cant do that.... and yes, it was yours Leon-san lol.
*Leon : How did you....
Shigure's flashback :
<font color="green">
*Iroha : Hold on Shigure..... take this ....
Right before Shigure was moving away from the island, Iroha met her at the beach to give her some stuffs, the hydrojet that helps her travel faster on the sea surface and few grenades that were ''borrowed'' from Leon's room.
*Shigure : Thank you very much Iroha-san !
</font>
*Leon : That little girl !!!
*Fong : Whatever... Ryuuji, bring Akatsuki to the hospital, now !
Ryuuji then grabbed Akatsuki and got out of there, just before those henchmen started shooting again.
*Fong : I cant protect you all the time ok Shigure, dont blame me if you got hit !
*Shigure : No worries, Im more concerned about you, dont get hit too alright teitoku !
*Fong : As if...
While talking, Shigure noticed a laser dot going up to my head. She immediately pushed me off, yelling ''Teitoku ! Watch out !'', a bullet outright hit the ground next to my foot, traveled through the point where the laser dot was.
*Fong : Sniper ?
*Shigure : ''looking at the direction where the bullet came out'', Over there ! 
Shigure noticed somebody sniping me on the rooftop of the far away building, she outright went after that person, ignoring what I said ''Dont Shigure ! That person is very dangerous. Do not .....''
<br/>Leon and Ayako realized they were running out of ammo, those henchmen kept shooting at us. 
*Leon : Look like we are gonna have to do the traditional way 
*Fong : What kind of traditional way ?
Those henchmen noticed us stop shooting back, so they came closer to us, one of them suddenly got knocked out by Leon using close-range combat skill.
*Leon : This kind, HTH dude !
Ayako saw Leon knocked out a guy with HTH, also another guy coming towards her from behind, she had to commit HTH too. Both of them now decided not to use gun anymore, started knocking henchmen out with HTH instead (Both of them ran away from the block too, yet didnt get a single hit from enemy guns, what are the odds ?). I was left alone sitting behind the block, wondering what to do now, join those two or shoot enemies from here ??
<br/><br/>
David and Kongou sisters returned to the command room of HQ, saw us having a shootout at one of the Philippines's dock on the screen, took Iroha's earpiece and talked to us. Leon said it would be nice if David could send backup here. As David no longer had ACE badge, it was hard for him to convince ACE people to help him, but eventually saying ''If you guys dont help him, they are gonna die'', ACE people had to make an exception and went with David on the ship to Philippines in the end.<br/>
Meanwhile, I moved around the dock, trying to shoot henchmen down to aid Leon and Ayako while avoiding getting shot by an unknown sniper (I had to keep my head low and duck down all the times though). Shigure was on the run trying to get that sniper, eventually she reached the building where the sniper was on top, she made use of nearby balcony and ladder to get to the rooftop (She literally got to the top just by jumping from outside the building, like a cat... or better... a ninja !). The sniper noticed someone was coming behind, tried to look around, only to get attacked surprisedly by Shigure who kicked the sniper rifle away. Those two had a rough fight with neither of them were willing to give up nor took significant injury (Shigure showed her evasion skill, once again dodged every attacks from the sniper. The same went with the sniper. Those two are really good at close-range combat or what ?). Ayako and Leon eventually knocked the guns of all henchmen off and all of us quickly engaged a HTH combat (I ran out of ammo too lol, one of the guys got behind me, luckily I knocked him out by kicking his face before he got to shoot me !). <br/>
Back to Shigure, the sniper was getting tired as martial arts of himself/herself couldnt do anything to Shigure. He/she then pulled out a knife, and that sniper and Shigure had to wrestle over it. Ultimately, the fight ended with Shigure grabbing the knife, pointing it at that sniper, while that sniper successfully grabbed the rifle Shigure kicked away earlier, pointed it at Shigure.
<br/>(The whole fight occurred on the rooftop with no lights btw, the sky was cloudy too so Shigure couldnt get a clear vision of the sniper)
*Sakuya : ''panted''. Not bad.... I havent fought like this for a long time.
*Shigure : ''panted''. You too, I almost got hit on multiple occasions ...
*Sakuya : ''withdrawing her rifle'', whats your name, little girl ? ''Her phone got a text message, she decided to check it out''
*Shigure : Shigure ...
*Sakuya : Shigure eh... Interesting...I am Sakuya. I would love to hangout with you more but I gotta flee, we will meet again someday, little girl !
The moment she finished talking, Sakuya jumped off the building. The moonlight happened to illuminate the rooftop, caused Shigure to see Sakuya's face clearly before Sakuya jumped off. Sakuya disappeared after the jump, made Shigure feel pretty irritated. But then Shigure noticed something happening near the dock (Where we were fighting a bunch of henchmen), she immediately rushed out of there.<br/>
Iroha then informed me that Akatsuki was being carried away by those henchmen near the dock. I was surprised, wondering ''Hasnt Ryuuji taken her to the hospital by now ? Why is she still here ??'' before going after them.
*Leon : ''busy fighting'' Go Fong, go !!
*Ayako : We will take care of things here ! ''shooting one of the henchmen with their own guns''
*Fong : Alright, thanks, good luck !
I got out of there, grabbing one of the henchmen's gun and shot them along the way.
*Ayako : Left with two of us eh ...
*Leon : Just like old times..... 
*Ayako : Yeah...
<br/>
----
<font color="blue">'''Explanation Corner'''</font><br/>
*Iroha used Carl to watch us the whole time, but the cellphone tracker program was only available in her laptop, she has to install that program for Carl someday in the future.
*David, Leon, Ayako, Ryuuji and me know how to use firearm, but Ayako and Leon are clearly better than the rest of us as they fought together a lot during the war
*'''HTH''' = Hand-to-Hand Combat
*Considering the distance between BA and the dock in Philippines = 450 km, it took Shigure only 5 minutes to reach us, she must have traveled at a speed of '''5400 km/h''' or '''1500 m/s''' (3355 mph) ! Those hydrojet are OP Im saying !
|-|E10=
4 henchmen were running away with Akatsuki, I managed to shoot one of them down and confronted the other 3. Two of them gave me a rough fight, they kept me busy and couldnt get to the other man who was carrying Akatsuki away. I knocked one of them out and tried to beat the other guy asap, but the guy knocked to the ground decided to crawl, trying to grab his gun I kicked away earlier to shoot me. Luckily Shigure arrived in time, stomped on that guy's hand and kicked the gun away, saying ''Dont even think about it !''
*Fong : Shigure !
*Shigure : ''proceeded to kick the guy on the ground's face'', teitoku, behind you !
*Fong : ''Turned around and punched the other guy''. Serve you right !..... Shigure, I thought you were going after the sniper ?
*Shigure : I did.... She ran away though.... sorry teitoku...
*Fong : Your wound...''grabbing her arm''
*Shigure : Its alright, nothing bad tbh, these injuries are nothing lol.
(Even though Sakuya didnt deal any significant damage to Shigure, Shigure still had several bruises and small wound all over her body from the fight with Sakuya earlier, made me a bit worried.)
<br/>We got distracted again, busy talking each other, didnt notice the guy I punched a while ago was aiming his gun at me. He pulled the trigger, but Shigure pushed me off, the bullet hit her right leg (Talking about protection, whats with Shigure keep protecting others and taking a hit btw ?). Seeing Shigure fall to the ground and the other guy was still moving, I shot him in the head out of anger. 
<br/>Worrying about Shigure's injury, I came to check it out. One of the henchmen suddenly came behind Shigure out of nowhere, tried to stab her with his knife but Shigure noticed him, stood up and knocked his knife away, taught him a little CQC too.
*Fong : ''surprised''. Wow... you are good...you know CQC ?
*Shigure : ''feeling her leg hurt so she decided to sit down again''. Agh... Yeah....
*Fong : Who did you learn it from ?
*Shigure : I dont know...
I proceeded to cover her wound, but she refused to let me do it.
*Shigure : Dont teitoku.... go find Akatsuki, quick, I can take care of it myself !
*Fong : (I almost forgot about Akatsuki lol)... But you are bleeding a lot ...
*Shigure : Go teitoku ! Dont waste time, I will be fine !
We looked at each other for a while, eventually I had to listen to Shigure.
*Fong : Alright....Dont let your wound be infected !
I immediately fled the scene.
*Shigure : Teitoku..... ''standing up, still felt painful due to the wound''. ''Yelling'', alright, come on out ! I know you all are there, 3 of you. Waiting for a sneak attack eh ?
She then turned around, saw another 3 henchmen walking towards her, all armed.
*Shigure : Why dont we have a little party before I kicked all of you people's ass ?
She clearly provoked those men right there. All of them had a hard time fighting Shigure afterwards.
<br/><br/>
----
It seemed that guy went into the city, I had to find him somehow. I suddenly saw Ryuuji sitting next to a nearby tree with both of his arms were covered in blood.
*Ryuuji : Sorry Fong, I tried to save her, but there were too many of them, I got shot, couldnt go after them.... Im sorry.... 
*Fong : You really need to get to the hospital soon, your injuries look terrible man !
*Ryuuji : If only... I could move !
Turns out his legs got shot too, Ryuuji sure was lucky that he still survived, considering he took a lot of shot right there. I had to carry him to the nearby hospital.
<br/>Meanwhile, Leon and Ayako finished beating the rest of henchmen up at the dock, they were injured here and there but not serious much. They soon noticed Shigure was fighting the other henchmen alone nearby. Shigure struggled a lot during the fight as her leg injury earlier limited her movement a lot. One of the henchmen even managed to kick her bleeding leg, she felt pretty painful and fell to the ground afterwards. Before that guy got a chance to shoot Shigure, Leon and Ayako arrived in time and gave him two shots, one on each leg to stop him. Shigure then kicked his gun away and continued fighting alongside Leon and Ayako against those 3 henchmen.
<br/>Back to me, filipinos sure are friendly, they helped me carry Ryuuji all the way to the emergency room, but again, I lost track of the guy running away with Akatsuki. Luckily, when I got out of the hospital, I noticed Akatsuki was sitting in a car passing through a street where I was looking at. I had to make an excuse and ''borrow'' a nearby bicycle (More like stealing lol ! And yes, bicycle ! Even though I knew there is no way I would catch up with that car). Of course, taking a shortcut is a must here, just by running through alleys, I was able to cut him off and stopped his car.
*Fong : ''pointing gun at the guy in the car'', you sure drive fast you know ? Took me a while to catch up with you ! ''pant'', alright ! Get out of the car, now !.... slowly !
I didnt know he hid the gun on the back, he tried to shoot me when he got out of the car. I had to duck down and allowed him to escape with Akatsuki. I proceeded to pursue him to the nearby park. <br/>
Leon and Ayako had a great cooperation during the battle, those two kept switching places, beating the other 2 henchmen together and eventually knocked them out. Shigure didnt get the same treatment though, the guy who Leon and Ayako shot in the legs earlier became more aggressive and tried to stab Shigure with his knife. She was pushed to the ground but still able to stop his hands from stabbing her.
*Shigure : ''yelling'', Leon-san !!! Give me a gun !!!!
*Leon : Shigure ? ''throws his gun at Shigure'' (Leon and Ayako were kinda far away from Shigure btw)
Shigure immediately let go of that guy's hand, let her left cheek cut and bleed a bit. She quickly grabbed Leon's gun afterwards and shot the guy twice in the chest before he was about to attack Shigure again, instantly killed him. Shigure was shocked afterwards, let go of Leon's gun and lied on the ground.
<br/>Leon and Ayako rushed to Shigure after seeing her finishing off the bad guy.
*Ayako : Shigure.... you.....
*Leon : Where did you learn that .... using our real firearm... ?
*Shigure : ''panted, still shocked about it'', I dont know...... I just.... used it.....
Its like 3AM right now, and I chased the guy carrying Akatsuki away to the park where I managed to shoot his shoulder and made him fall.
*Fong : ''thinking'' : (gdi, Akatsuki is bleeding so much, I have to end this now !). You love doing this the hard way dont you ? ''pointing gun at that guy''
*Man : ''grabbed Akatsuki and pointed his gun at her head''. Ha.... you too... never give up eh ? .. ha .....
*Fong : Now, let her go, or Im gonna put a hole on your head !
*Man : Really....I should also put a hole on this girl's head then !!!
*Fong : No !!!
I lost myself, rushed toward Akatsuki, just to get surprised when that guy decided to point his gun and fired at me. I didnt want to die there, so I just immediately fired my gun back, just to hit his head, outright killed him, while my left arm took his shot.
<br/>At the same time, Leon and Ayako were trying to get Shigure to the hospital fast as her wound had become worse after the previous fight (Ayako ripped a small part of her clothes off to bandage Shigure's wound, still couldnt stop the bleeding completely though). But all of them heard a gunshot nearby, decided to go check it out instead, just to see me, Akatsuki and the other bad guy lying on the ground.
*Ayako : Its Fong ! I saw him ! Lets go Leon ! ''got out of the car and rushed to me as fast as she could''
*Leon : Shigure, stay in the car ok ?
*Shigure : No wait ! I will go with you .... Aghh...
*Leon : You are bleeding ! How the hell can you go ? Just listen to me, stay alright ?
*Shigure : But teitoku is....
*Leon : He is fine, ok ! Please... stay here !
*Shigure : .... Okay ...
She looked worried while staying in the car while both Leon and Ayako rushed to me.
*Leon : Hmm... I see you took care of him eh...
*Fong : Yeah ... Ahhh... I never get shot before lol.... this is so hurt .... ahhh ''still laughing''
*Ayako : Geez, stop laughing ! Who the hell would laugh when they get shot anyway ?
*Fong : Lol sorry....
Ayako continued covering the wound on my left arm before I got up and asked Ayako to bring Akatsuki to the hospital immediately. 
*Leon : Its suck though... ''looking at the bad guy I shot earlier''. He could have told us where Choi is....
*Fong : Ya.... but at least we saved another life..... I would rather see him dead than see Akatsuki dead !
*Leon : ''patted my shoulder, which hurt my left arm a bit'', hmph... again... your aiming skill is still good as usual lol....
Filipino polices soon arrived later due to the gunshot. I thought we were about to get arrested right there, but fortunately Ayako and Leon had ACE badge with them, allowing them to use weapon if necessary in anywhere around the world. They showed it to Filipino polices, with no further question, we rushed to the hospital afterwards.
<br/><br/>
Meanwhile, Sakuya was seen walking alone on the street at night, having a phone conversation :
*Choi : Both of the plans failed right ?
*Sakuya : Lol yeah.... 
*Choi : Hmph... I kinda underestimated them.... Next time then !
*Sakuya : ''Giggled''...
*Choi : Whats so funny Sakuya ?
*Sakuya : Oh Its nothing... I just found something interesting thats all ...
*Choi : Whatever, I have a new job for you... just sent you a text, all details are there.... Dont screw it up !
*Sakuya : Ok bye....
Sakuya hung up, then looked at the moon in the sky, thinking<br/>
''Hah... Shigure... we will meet again... one day !''
<br/><br/>
Shigure, Akatsuki later on were saved by the doctors in the Philippines hospital, what a good news to hear, they both were fine (I got panic a bit when I saw Shigure's leg bled a lot too). The doctors there also insisted me on staying to check out my wound, but I refused to, as I dont like sticking around foreign hospital tbh. Leon had a walk at the dock earlier just to relax after the case, saw David coming with other ACE people on their own ships (Kinda late isnt it ... lol). Ryuuji lost a lot of blood, but he was fine too, it would take him a few days to recover and get out of there though....
<br/>Shigure and Akatsuki had to share the room as the hospital was pretty occupied. Those two had a nice conversation before Shigure took her phone out and texted somebody.
<br/>(The following part = The message box on her smartphone)
<br/><br/><font color="red">'''You acted recklessly again'''</font>
<div align="right">'''Lol sorry'''</div>
<div align="right">'''Had to do what it takes to protect him'''</div>
<font color="red">'''He still doesnt know the truth right ?'''</font>
<div align="right">'''No....'''</div>
<br/>(End of message box)
<br/>The moment Shigure typed '''No''', she looked happy and smiled, recalling a flashback earlier :
<font color="green">
*Fong : Your face is bleeding too, ''trying to use my hand to wipe the blood away''
*Shigure : Teitoku..... You are.... too close right there.... ! ''looks embarrassed''
My and Shigure's face were so close to each other that made Ayako, who was sitting behind us, look pretty mad and load her gun up, as if she was gonna kill me ! 
*Fong : ''immediately moved away from Shigure'', sorry... I didnt notice.... 
*Shigure : ''smiled'', its alright lol.... not like I hate it...
</font>
<br/>
Meanwhile, me, Ayako and Leon met David at the dock with other ACE people, told him what happened few hours ago and we were ready to get back to BA. We also left few ACE people here to take care of the girls and Ryuuji before going home.
<br/>A random conversation occurred on the ship :
*Fong : Wait, you and Ayako and didnt bring the phone ?
*Leon : Who would bring the phone into the battlefield ?
*Fong : Me ! ''I took my phone out and showed Leon''
*Leon : Next time, leave it at home, it may be damaged during the fight you know !
*Fong : How do I contact you then ?
*Leon : Earpieces !
*Fong : Ya.... assuming I still had it....
*Leon : .... Oh.... okay ....
<br/>'''6/6/2015 - 11:00 AM''', we arrived back home, sweet home ! Shipgirls back in the base were waiting for us to come back. They all looked relieved when they heard that Akatsuki was found and currently being treated in the hospital. I wanted to jump into the bed so bad next, but then my wound got worse as it started bleeding again, I had to visit BA hospital afterward and ask the doctor there to deal with this wound.
<br/><br/>'''A random hospital in Philippines - 6/6/2015 8:00 PM'''<br/>
Shigure had done sleeping, felt pretty bored as she had to let her wound be healed, couldnt go anywhere. She looked outside the windows, realizing it was not that hard to jump outside the room anyway, so she waited until midnight when she actually did it and sneaked out (She somehow bypassed ACE guards and other people though). Akatsuki, upon waking up, noticed Shigure no where to be seen, she immediately warned ACE guards. Meanwhile, Shigure used her hydrojet earlier to rush back to my base at an extremely high speed (Again, 5 times of speed of sound, 1500 m/s lol). Eventually she got back to my base safely but felt pretty hurt as her wounds still hadnt fully recovered yet and they started bleeding again (Especially the wound on her leg).
<br/><br/>
I was dreaming... I heard that voice again..... That sounds pretty familiar.... I know this voice ....
<br/>''Kevin !''
<br/>Who is Kevin anyway ? Is it me ? Why am I called as Kevin ?
<br/>''Im sorry... Kevin....''
<br/>Somebody knocked me out, who was it... I couldnt see.....
<br/>I saw myself lied on the bed, with wires all over my body. What happened? I couldnt even move either ! Let me out ! Why am I being locked up here ???
<br/>A person then came to me and held my hand, saying ''It will be alright... just relax okay ?''. I know this voice ! 
<br/>I cant see you... but I swear I know you... I recognize that voice ! Its.......its.....
<br/><br/>
I was startled after that point and I woke up in the middle of the night. That kind of dream was odd, why did I dream of it anyway?
<br/><br/>'''BA - My office - 6/7/2015 2:00 AM'''<br/>
I wanted to get out of bed to calm myself a bit, but didnt realize Shigure was holding my hand, sleeping next to me the whole time. Seeing her sleep so soundly reminded me of the person who told me to relax in the dream, she did resemble that person, despite not seeing her face clearly. That person's voice sounded really like Shigure's voice too..... Could it be ............ ?
<br/>(Wait the minute, I thought she was in the hospital ?? How did she get back here ??).
<br/>Morning came, raining hard outside, I had to sleep on the sofa in my office and let Shigure have my bed. I also bandaged her wound on the leg which was bleeding out, she should have stayed waiting for it to recover tbh. Shigure woke up, noticed I was still sleeping so she pulled the blanket out of the bed and put it on my body before moving out. She stumbled on Leon upon getting out of the room, who was gonna inform me about missing Shigure, but Leon found her anyway lol.
*Leon : Shigure ??
*Shigure : Shhh... let him sleep okay... lol ...
Shigure moved away, leaving Leon with a confused look on his face.
<br/><br/>
She walked through the hallway, seeing the rain outside, she opened the windows a bit to enjoy the wind (she said ''What comfortable rain.'' here, secretary line anyone ?). She then met Iroha in the command room, who was installing more new programs to help investigation in the future on Carl with her laptop, and they talked a bit there. Shigure soon realized Iroha sneezed a lot the whole time they were there, decided to ask her after she finished her job.
*Shigure : Iroha-san... You have sneezed like 5 times already, are you okay....?
*Iroha : ''walking away from Shigure''... I am......... fine.....
The moment Iroha said she was fine, she hit the wall and knocked herself out (LOL ! She must have been dizzy right there, mistaking the door = wall). Shigure came to her to get her up, only to notice Iroha's face was pretty red and hot. Iroha got herself a fever.
<br/>Meanwhile, a random noisy thunder startled me, caused me to fall off the sofa and hit my injured arm on the floor, hurt as fuck ! I didnt see Shigure when I got up, it seemed she went out. I also noticed somebody put the blanket on me, it must be her too eh... ?
<br/>Leon and David were quickly asked to do something about Iroha's fever by Shigure. Iroha got sick due to the weather change apparently. I later met everyone at Iroha's room where she was resting and I learned about Iroha's sickness. Leon had a small talk with me when he saw Shigure :
*Leon : Hey... do you know Shigure can use our firearm too ?
*Fong : No......But I know she is good at CQC ! You should see her beat those bad guys with her bare hands man !
*Leon : Hmmmmm..... such a mysterious girl... How did she know all these... 
*Fong : Beat me... I asked myself the same thing. She is also good at combat during sortie too. Something is telling me .... Shigure isnt just a shipgirl... she is something else...
*Leon : Yeah.... alright.....
Leon immediately asked everyone to give Iroha some space and let he rest before driving everyone out of the room. David had a little talk with Leon before going out :
*David : Btw... Why is Shigure here ? Isnt she...
*Leon : I dont know dude ! She must have sneaked out or something ! Now get out !
Wondering where Ayako was during this time? She was with some shipgirls buying stuffs in the Convenience store, but kinda stuck there right now as the heavy rain stopped them from going back to HQ (Ya... Ayako didnt bring an umbrella, amazing isnt it ?).
<br/>I went back to the command room with Shigure, she walked with a limp, made me feel painful for her too. Shigure was then pulled away by Yuudachi and Shiratsuyu nearby, saying there was something that they wanted to show her. I let her go enjoy the fun while I continued to the command room alone. Upon getting there, Iroha's laptop was still seen on the table. I wanted to check out her laptop so bad, to see what she usually does with her laptop (Luckily no one was around, I got the best chance to break into her laptop lol). She had many programs running though, like 20 programs at once, such a busy and hard-working person (Thats Iroha I know !). I went to the desktop first, just to see a lot of random files put everywhere on the screen, looked pretty chaotic. Lets dig her recycle bin first because why not ? And.... I saw even more files there ! She never emptied her recycle bin omg !
<br/>I continued scrolling down her recycle bin, just to see a file that was very unique in the middle of other random files. This file was a photo, it was the only photo in the recycle bin. I was curious, tried to restore it to see what kind of photo that was. Upon opening it.... I got surprised.....Because that photo .....
<br/><br/>
'''....is the photo of 4 people sitting together, two of them are Iroha and Shigure, the other two guys behind them are a guy that I never saw before and ....... my brother ??'''
<br/><br/>My head hurt when I saw the photo.... But I recalled it ! I remember now.... I remember my brother, Michael's face now ! It was this face who said ''Im sorry Kevin'' in my flashback and my dream.... But why he called me Kevin though.... I dont get it ....
<br/>I also recognized the other person who said ''It will be alright... just relax okay ?'' in the dream. It was Shigure, her voice definitely matched that girl's voice in my dream..... There is no doubt ! .... But again.... How ... and why was Shigure there ??
<br/>Am I imaginating things or.... all those flashbacks and dreams ....were really part of my past ? Why couldnt I recall all of those though...... I could only.... remember a bit of it....
<br/><br/>
I was thinking, until I heard a footstep, had to delete the photo and close Iroha's laptop quickly or someone would find out that I dug her laptop. I outright gave it to Leon who took care of Iroha pretty well in her room before I went outside a bit to relax after the headache earlier.
<br/>I went to the garden (Located right next to the HQ, the path connecting the HQ and the garden is sheltered so we dont need to worry about the rain much), and saw Shigure sitting on the bench, looked pretty comfortable due to the rain. I sat next to her to join the fun, we had a little chat about how cool the rain is, how it helps calm people down a lot (She had a point though !). But then, I recalled about Shigure appearing in my dream. I couldnt stop thinking that dream could be a part of my past that for some reason, I couldnt fully remember it. Probably me and Shigure met each other before, but I wasnt sure... I just held her hand... which surprised her a bit... and asked her a question.
*Fong : Shigure !
*Shigure : Y... Yeah ?..
*Fong : Have we met before, like ..... before I came here...?
Shigure froze for a sec, before eventually answered me 
*Shigure : ...Of course not... lol...
*Fong : Really ?
*Shigure : Yeah....
I looked at Shigure's face, she looked pretty confident, I had no choices but to buy it anyway, immediately apologized her for holding her hand out of nowhere, which she didnt mind at all.
<br/>I had something else to do so I went back to HQ. Shigure, after seeing me leave, made a sad face and muttered ''Im sorry..... teitoku...''.
<br/><br/>
'''BA Garden'''
<br/>'''6/7/2015 - 10:00 AM'''
<br/>
----
<font color="blue">'''Explanation Corner'''</font>
*The hydrojet that Shigure is having is actually just an additional part of the foot gear shipgirls usually wear during sortie. Just attach these hydrojet to the foot gear and any shipgirls can travel at a very high speed (Still depends on how the shipgirls can control the speed though.... Shigure is a special case of course...).
|-|E11=
Rain stopped at midnoon. Ayako returned to the base with an apology for Leon as she couldnt get home in time to make breakfast for him (RIP his breakfast I guess lol...). Leon told Ayako that Yuki wanted to meet them in ACE HQ, so they had to be absent for few days after informing all of us.
<br/>Meanwhile, I thought about the kidnapping earlier. I still hadnt fully remembered what happened in the past yet but I knew... I couldnt let this happen to my girls again. So.... I had to teach my girls some self-defense skills somehow, especially how to use the knife and how to use our real firearm, just in case they would be in that kind of dangerous situation again.
<br/>Iroha was sleeping in her room, she should be fine for now. David was busy hanging out with Kongou, having a small tea party with her alone, both of them looked pretty happy. I stalked him for a while, then Leon also joined next to me (I thought he was supposed to be at the airport by now ?)
*Leon : What a surprise ... I cant believe David is actually enjoying his life again and hung out with a shipgirl like Kongou !
*Fong : Leon !.... You scared me off !..... Anyway ya..... I got susprised that he actually got along with a shipgirl.
*Hiei : ''walking toward us'', you should know him and onee-sama have been sticking around for a while already btw
*Fong : Hiei !
*Hiei : For the record, I like onee-sama too, I feel jealous whenever that David guy is around onee-sama. But if he can make her happy, then I guess I can back off and let him have her. After all, her happiness is my happiness too !
*Fong : I see....
*Leon : Yo.... I got a call, Ayako is waiting, dont blow anything up while we are away alright ?
*Fong : Lol.... okay....
After finished talking with Kongou, David went pass me. I outright grabbed his shoulder to ask him a favor.
<br/><br/>
----
Shigure looked pretty uneasy and went straight to Iroha's room to look after her (Part of my order). Her flashback :
<font color="green">
<br/>Shigure saw me prepare a strategy for World 5 maps, she asked me to sortie her, which I outright denied
*Shigure : Why Teitoku? I wanted to help too !
*Fong : You are still not recovered, I would rather you stayed at base and took a rest okay ?
*Shigure :....
*Fong : Look, we have been through this, I appreciated your help, but I feel guilty should I continue sortieing you without noticing your injury. So.... ya.... just stay home ...
*Shigure : Fine !.... ''looks mad and moves away''
*Fong : ''looked at her walking away for a while until eventually shouting at her''. Oh wait Shigure, I know what you are up to ! You are going to sortie without my permission again arent you ?
*Shigure : ''Froze for a bit upon hearing my question''..... No....
*Fong : Shigure.... !
*Shigure : Alright.... I am ... But it cant be helped !
*Fong : Seriously, you never know how to take care of yourself ! ''Grabbing Shigure's shoulder'', why dont you listen to me ? Why are you so reckless ?
*Shigure : ......
*Fong : You know what ... ''let go of her'', Im gonna do this... I will take your foot gear away, you wont be able to sortie, there !
*Shigure : Wait what... you cant do that teitoku !
*Fong : Its for your own good... just listen to me and take a rest, honestly I dont want to see you get harmed anymore, not until you are fully recovered !
*Shigure : .....
*Fong : Sorry... Shigure....
I immediately locked her necessary equipment to prevent her from sortieing. Shigure certainly didnt look so happy when she saw me do it. I knew she was mad at me, but I did this for her safety !
<br/>
*Fong : I have another job for you btw.... Can you look after Iroha....She is sick now... Having someone next to her will make her feel better ! (I told Shigure)
The moment I told her that, I recalled the photo of her and Iroha sitting together again. Did Iroha and Shigure meet before ? .... And how.... ?
</font>
<br/><br/>
Iroha felt better when Shigure got into her room, those two had a little chat where Shigure complained about me banning her from sortieing, while Iroha just pointed out that Shigure had done enough already, sometimes taking a rest is a good choice too (Of course Shigure knew that, but she still wanted to go anyway lol). Shigure then noticed the xiangqi (the chinese chess) in Iroha's room, decided to play a chess round with Iroha. Iroha refused at first (Last time she played against Shigure, Iroha had a hard time remember ?), but considering she couldnt do anything else beside staying at bed, she accepted Shigure's game and played it anyway.<br/>
While I was busy making strategy, some ACE guards working in the canteen dropped by and gave me the food. Leon told them to bring these foods to HQ and give it to Iroha, but they didnt know where Iroha's room was, so they gave it to me instead, asked me to deliver those to her. Apparently Leon really cares about his sister, brought a lot of foods for her to get well soon (By a lot... I meant really a lot ! I couldnt carry them alone, had to ask the 2 guards earlier from the canteen to help me too !). 
<br/>Once again, Shigure put a pressure on Iroha a lot in the chess game, Iroha had a fever too, Iroha couldnt even play the game seriously. Luckily, Yuudachi and Shiratsuyu, who happened to see me bringing foods to Iroha, came along and the moment we opened the door, Yuudachi ran towards Shigure, but tripped her foot, fell into the chess board instead and knocked herself out on the floor (There goes the chess game I guess... Iroha let out a sigh of relief too, as if she was expecting somebody to ruin this game to save her lol). Iroha hadnt eaten anything for the whole day, she outright took everything I gave her and had a pretty nice meal. Shigure noticed her pillow was kinda wet due to Iroha's sweat, so she pulled it out to replace it with a newer pillow, only to get stopped by Iroha soon after who was trying not to move her current pillow away. Those two had a struggle over the pillow until both of their hands slipped, caused the pillow to fly towards my direction. I avoided it though, but Shiratsuyu behind me caught the pillow with her face and fell on the floor afterwards.
<br/>Turns out Iroha was hiding the medicine pill under the pillow. Leon gave her earlier, asked her to take those in order to get well soon, but as Iroha doesnt like pills much... she refused to. Now I realized why Leon had a bag of dount with a note saying ''Should she not take the pills, bait her !''. He knew Iroha lied to him about already taking the pills so now he asked me to bait her with a dount instead, she would have to take the pills if she wanted dount. (In the end, Leon actually baited his sister with a dount. When I did it the first time Iroha came here, he was so against this idea as this made Iroha look like a dog ! He no longer thinks like that eh.... ?)
<br/>Watching Iroha take the pills was hilarious though, she kept making annoying face everytime she bit one (I know some people hate taking pills, but still ..... lol). Eventually she managed to finish all of them and went to sleep after saying ''I am mean''. (This was for her own good, cant be helped okay ?). Shigure also reminded me about me banning her from sortieing earlier, said ''Im mean'' as well ! ''Seriously now... I am a bad guy here ? Whats with these two girls hating me anyway ?'' (Shigure looked away from me, while Iroha just outright went to sleep without saying anything else ...). I just called it a day and left the room along with the ACE guards. Shiratsuyu soon stood up, brought Yuudachi (still unconscious) with her and went out of the room too after asking Shigure if she could come with them. Shigure agreed to but she asked them to wait for a bit before going out with them.
<br/>My shipgirls informed me that The Forefront of the Southern Sea (5-1) has been cleared and they were moving back to prepare for 5-2. I got back to the command room immediately to get a new tactic for them. Meanwhile, Fubuki, Mutsuki and Yayoi visited Hibiki in the '''BA Hospital''', gave her a lot of gifts and had a short conversation before leaving the place. Hibiki was wondering if Akatsuki were fine in the Philippines. In fact, Akatsuki was pretty heavily protected by ACE guards in the Philippines Hospital right now. Knowing Shigure escaped, ACE people strengthened their security to make sure Akatsuki wont escape too, which caused many ACE guards walking around her room, made Akatsuki feel very uneasy.
<br/><br/>
'''ACE HQ, Japan - 6/7/2015 6:00 PM'''
<br/>Leon and Ayako met Yuki in his own room 
*Yuki : I heard your group in Brunei just encountered Choi?
*Leon : Yeah.... How did you know btw ?
*Yuki : I have my informants.....
*Ayako : So.... what are we doing here again ? Just to talk about Choi ?
*Yuki : Actually.... yeah... but I have another favour to ask you two.
Leon and Ayako listened closely to what Yuki said later. PSIA realized Choi was on the run and were following Choi to Brunei but lost him afterwards. They then saw us capture his henchmen, and asked ACE to hand those henchmen to them (PSIA) instead, at least PSIA could dig something out of those guys, about Choi's information for instance... Seeing how well ACE defeated those henchmen, PSIA wanted to ask for ACE's help too should Choi ever shows up there again. Hiro heard about this, quickly notified Yuki to order to ask for Leon and Ayako's helps. Everyone in ACE, even in PSIA thought it was not a coincidence that Choi picked our base to mess with. Yuki and the director of PSIA had to exchange the information a bit just to find out that Michael (My brother) used to be an PSIA agent went undercover in Choi's group in order to take them down, he was even in ACE too (Despite not having much achievement). He eventually had enough proofs to send Choi to prison and blew his own cover, leading to the arrest of Choi. However, soon after Choi was captured, he died in a car accident with a headshot, the killer who did this to Michael was still unknown and yet to be found ! And probably Choi knew I am Michael's brother... he came to my base to mess with me too ! (Basically, both PSIA and ACE knew we are brother and guessed Choi did all this for revenge)
<br/>Leon and Ayako looked surprised upon hearing it, wondered if the killer who murdered my brother did this for payback as he sent Choi to prison. Yuki only replied to Leon ''Maybe.... '' before throwing the files of the cases that Michael involved when he was still in PSIA, including the photo of his dead body, at Leon and Ayako. 
*Yuki : Its all there... Take a look....
The moment Leon saw the photo of dead Michael, he immediately felt uneasy, Ayako soon noticed it and felt the same too. Not only my brother was shot in the head, his other parts of body were crushed and bled out too. Apparently when he was shot, he lost control of his car and slammed into the truck nearby, which crushed his car afterwards. The photo looked pretty horrified....
*Ayako : We should never let Fong see this...
*Leon : Agree ....
Both of them then moved the photo away... and continued digging the files to understand the cases Michael was in better. Choi was going after me, if we want to capture Choi, we need to know what is going on here, and the exact reason why he did this.
<br/>Both Leon and Ayako talked each other after they understood (Most part) of the story, continued talking to Yuki afterwards.
*Yuki : You two get it now... PSIA is asking for our help... your help to capture Choi... Choi may attack your base in Brunei again !
*Leon : Well..... ''stood up''..... we are alway ready for fighting anyway...
*Ayako : Yeah .... if he ever shows up again... I will give him a good fight like what I did to his henchmen lol.
*Yuki : Dont be so confident... PSIA warned that Choi is really good at martial arts.....
*Ayako : I will have a good time with him then lol....
*Leon : Thanks for the files anyway.... Anything else do you need ? We have to go back there soon to tell Fong
*Yuki : You really want to tell him ?
*Leon : Well... maybe not about his brother's death... But he deserves to know the truth about what his brother did right ?
*Yuki : Hmph.... whatever... take the copy btw... downstairs ! Let Ayako go for you !
*Ayako : Me..?
*Yuki : I need a little personal space with Jack, do you mind ?
*Ayako : Uh.... not at all.... 
Ayako moved out of the room while Leon and Yuki continued talking each other.
<br/>Yuki then threw a badge at Leon.
*Leon : a badge ? ''ACE Task Force'' ?
*Yuki : Hiro approved my idea. If you want to take Choi out, you need to take down his whole organization too. I talked with PSIA and Interpol already, Choi isnt working alone, he has backup everywhere from his own crime organization.
*Leon : Wow... things go worse than I thought eh...?
*Yuki : You can try to recruit some of the talented people, who is good at combat or skills that can help you take down that evil organization. Collect them, form a special task force under control of ACE. What do you think Jack ? Do it for the peace, like you alway did for us ACE !
*Leon : ...Good grief.... you only want to take the pride dont you... We and our task force fought to death trying to defeat that organization, while you just simply collect the reward.
*Yuki :.....
*Leon : Cmon, I have seen through you many times. Last time I had a great achievement, you stole half of my credit just because you ordered me to, while you barely do shit !
*Yuki : Lol okay.... I cant deny that.....suit yourself then Jack.... You have done many things for us, for me, and for this world already, most people think you are a hero. I have no rights to ask you more than that anyway..
*Leon : ....
*Yuki : To get Choi or not... its up to you.... alright Jack ?
Ayako got back to the room the moment Yuki finished his words, he had a meeting to attend so all of them parted ways soon after with Leon and Ayako quickly returning to Brunei.
<br/><br/>
Back in my base, the Coral Sea (5-2) has been defeated in an unexpected way. The boss (CVB Hime) transformed into Southern War Oni, thought it was gonna put up a good fight, but it went down way too fast when Zuikaku's aircrafts sniped it from behind (What a disappointment man !). While the girls were returning to the base, the photo of Iroha and Shigure taken together crossed my mind again. I alway remembered the calendar behind them, '''3/18/2013'''. That is like 2 years before I joined the base. How could Shigure be there.... and does this mean Iroha and Shigure met each other before ?
<br/>Ya...and then I also had a flashback, reminded in my dream... Shigure talked to me, told me to relax.... It was her voice... definitely her voice ! But Shigure admitted that she didnt meet me before though.... Why was she there then ? 
<br/>These thoughts kept running around my head, I had to stay calm and forget about it for a while.... Dinner was about to ready btw... I went to the canteen afterwards.
<br/>Shigure tried to force open the lock of the storage containing her foot gear, but it was so firm that she couldnt even break it at all. She got angry and tried to shoot the lock with her gun (The usual gun for shipgirls, not our firearm), didnt even do anything as well. She had to breathe and gave it a thought, and decided to use Iroha's hairclip to pick the lock instead (Before, Shigure used Iroha's hairclip to pick the lock of my door and got in successfully. Iroha's hairclip acts like a small key that can pick most of the locks basically). She sneaked into Iroha's room, Iroha was sleeping soundly, she only pulled out Iroha's hairclip in silence before getting out the room quietly. Eventually Shigure picked the lock sucessfully and grabbed her foot gear, just to realize the sortie has already finished.
<br/>I finished my dinner, crossed the beach and saw Shigure practicing alone on the sea at night again. I had to stop my car and outright yelled at her ''What are you doing Shigure?'', which made her startled and her injured leg took a few shots from the machine gun, caused her to lose balance and fall. I immediately rushed to her on water to pull her back to the shore.
*Fong : How did you get these gear... Didnt I lock the storage ?
*Shigure : This.... ''shows me Iroha's hairclip''
*Fong : A hairclip ?.... Wait.. Isnt this familiar ...
*Shigure : Iroha's hairclip... I used it to pick the lock.... sorry teitoku... ''looks away from me''
*Fong : Really ? This thing can pick that lock ? ''Now that she mentioned it, she broke into my room once, did she use this hairclip to pick my door lock too ?''
.........
*Fong : Anyway... I told you not to sortie... You still did ... Whats the matter with you Shigure ? Why dont you just take a rest for your injury to recover ? You just hurt yourself again, you see that ?
*Shigure : Teitoku... I know you want me so be safe... But I am fine... you dont have to protect me this way.... like... Locking my gear and banned me from sortieing ? You are kinda mean teitoku !
*Fong : Ya.... Fine like this.... (I applied pressure on her leg wound, which bled again the moment she fell down earlier, hurt Shigure a bit). Seriously, do I have to lock you in a room as well ? You alway risk and hurt yourself ! You dont know how much I care about your safety ?
*Shigure : Ahh... ... ''yelling at me'', of course I do.... but I will be fine anyway... because I am.....
She stopped talking the moment she said ''I am...''
*Fong : I am ... ? I am .... what ?
*Shigure : ''looks away from me again''. Nvm !
Shigure stood up and outright threw the foot gear at me, walking away with a pretty mad face.
*Shigure : ''said in an angry manner''. Return those hydrojet and the hairclip to Iroha for me. Im going back to my room !! Good night teitoku !
*Fong : Shigure !!!
She just walked away without even bother turning around, I must have made her really angry. She looked pretty frustrated too, thinking ''Ahh... I yelled at teitoku, whats wrong with me ??''.
<br/><br/>
'''BA HQ - 6/8/2015 9:00 AM'''
<br/>Next area to liberate, 5-3, Sav Island, the enemies here are a bit special, they are only active at night, so the only chance to wipe them out is to fight them at night, night battles basically. Again, I wanted to bring Shigure so bad as I knew she is good at night battle like this... But she was injured and still mad at me about what happened yesterday.... Maybe not the best time to ask her a favor....
<br/>Looking closely, I figured out this area is meant to be used as a resupplying place for abyssal forces. They used their own transport ship to give other abyssal creatures resources from here. If we could take that transport ship down, they would become hopeless and have to abandon the area. Easier said than done though, as the enemies protecting that transport ship looked pretty tough, one of them was Hime class too, a new enemy called as Southern War Princess (SWP).
<br/>Leon and Ayako arrived back at HQ. They immediately showed me the files about my brother while I was in the middle of making plan for 5-3 (They didnt give me the photo of my dead brother though, they must have hid it...). I read through the files and finally understood what happened between me and Choi, and the past of my brother. Probably all of these had something to do with my past too, despite not remembering all of them.... those memories are still kinda vague to me.... and why Kevin anyway... Was I really called as Kevin in the past?
<br/>I wondered how David was doing with the favor I asked him...
<br/>My flashback :
<font color="green">
*David : Oh hey.... I need a permission btw... ACE people dont listen to me as I dont have a badge !
</font>
I had to tell Leon about David's badge. He immediately contacted people in ACE HQ to give him the badge as a special helper in Brunei Anchorage, working for ACE again.
<br/><br/>
'''PSIA HQ, Japan - 6/8/2015 10:00 AM'''
<br/>One of my friends, '''Takeru Tokuda''', working as an PSIA agent, heard the story of me and ACE people of my naval base beat Choi's group, decided to make a trip to my base with a surprise. ''Hmph... How is Fong doing I wonder...'', Takeru thought.
<br/><br/>
Shiratsuyu class DD (Shiratsuyu, Yuudachi, Murasame) noticed Iroha was having an illness so they bought a lot of gifts to make her feel better. But again, Iroha gave them a very scary look upon receiving the gifts, terrified them a bit. Iroha was busy playing chess (Xiangqi) with Shigure, like usual, Iroha looked pretty stuck. Until Yuudachi sat next to her and moved one of her chess pieces randomly, the movement was thought to be stupid but turned out to break the stalemate (A stupid move but works basically), caused Shigure to get stuck instead. Iroha said thanks to Yuudachi afterwards, in a pretty soft tone, looked pretty shy too. 
<br/>That thanks made other Shiratsuyu class DD see Iroha looked pretty cute, not scary anymore, they all sat around her later, which annoyed her, but Shigure made a compliment anyway :
<br/>''Making new friends is not so hard right Iroha-san lol'', Shigure said 
<br/>Iroha still lost in the end though, but managed to stress Shigure out a bit during the match, thats a great achievement already (All the times they played together, Shigure beat Iroha without a sweat... until now). Shigure then went out of the room, left the seat for the other Shiratsuyu class DD to play chess with Iroha instead. All of them asked Iroha to teach them how to play and they had a little fun time there, including Iroha herself, she was wondering why she was having this fun... probably since she made some new friends ?
<br/>Shigure was seen tapping her smartphone screen before getting to the sortie area where the gears are stored. Shigure was surprised that her storage wasnt locked again (She would still get it even if I locked the storage anyway...). She grabbed her gear and went training again.
<br/><br/>
'''BA Shipgirl Barrack - 6/8/2015 4:00 PM'''
<br/>I saw her training alone outside the sea again. She never knew when to give up with her injury like that, good grief.....
*Takeru : That girl .... She sure is working hard huh Fong ?
*Fong : Hmph.... If only she knew how to take care of herself ..... Wait.... That voice.....
I turned around, and saw Takeru, one of my old friends, behind me. Since when he came here anyway ?
*Takeru : Surprise !
*Fong : Takeru my man, long time no see man !
I was still shocked when Takeru came to visit my base, how did he know anyway....
*Takeru : Your name is everywhere in PSIA, I overheard it, and I have a free time anyway... why not paying a visit right ?
*Fong : Oh wow....is it about Choi's case....
*Takeru : Yeah.... Trouble keeps going after you eh ? Last time it was the budget... now this....
*Fong : As if I wanted it man....
We then took a look at Shigure, who performed pretty well during training.
*Takeru : That girl btw.... She has some skills...
*Fong : Ya... Her nature I guess.... I dont know how she can pull that off ... She is like the best shipgirl in my base....
*Takeru : Hmmmm.... Does she have a name ?
*Fong : Shigure....
*Takeru : Okay....
Shigure noticed two of us talking from far away, she stopped training and got closer to us to say hi. Takeru saw her coming, decided to take a picture of her.
*Fong : Why you took the picture of her ?
*Takeru : She looks cute, why not lol ?
*Fong : Ya.... be careful not to lewd a shipgirl though.... I heard people doing so tend not to end well....
*Takeru : I will take note.... thanks....
*Shigure : Hi teitoku..... who is that guy behind you ... ?
*Takeru : Oh.... allow me to introduce... young lady... I am Takeru Tokuda... nice to meet you...
Takeru knelt down and kissed Shigure's right hand, she looked shy that Takeru was acting really like a gentleman right there, even I was surprised too.
*Shigure : Ha.... nice to meet you too Takeru-san.... at least he is a gentleman... unlike a certain someone else.... (She faced me a bit, then looked away the moment she finished her words).
*Fong : ''Seriously.... you are still mad at me .... ?''
...............
*Fong : Anyway... Let me show you my base... Lots of places to hang out man... Lets go...
Shigure wanted to follow us too, but she had something else to do, so she parted ways as soon as I was about to invite Takeru to go around the naval base.
<br/>
*Shigure : Teitoku and Takeru-san go have fun, I have something else to take care of here....
*Fong : Alright.... Dont do anything risky that hurt your wound again please ?
*Takeru : See you.... young lady .... !
*Shigure : I know, teitoku ! ''Keep reminding me about my injury geez !''
When we left, the whole Shigure's body was glowing...
*Shigure : ....Remodel....eh....
<br/>
Leon and Ayako was seen having fun together at the table of the canteen, having a little snack.
*Ayako : Task force huh ?
*Leon : Ye... Yuki asked me to form a special task force under ACE control to take down the crime organization...
*Ayako : Isnt that good ? I mean.... help people and bring the peace... Isnt that what we alway do ?
*Leon : Not if Yuki stole half of the credits... You should know that Yuki alway used me for his own good !
*Ayako : Cmon.... It will be fun too.... Fighting those bad guys.... Dont you think ?
*Leon : I dont know Ayako.....
*Ayako : Beside.... Choi might attack us once again since Fong is his target, we might be in danger too if we dont do anything to fight back. Having a task force would help a lot ..... I think Yuki has a point...
*Leon : ......
*Ayako : Also.... look at this badge ! ''Ayako shows Leon the ACE task force badge he threw to her earlier''. It looks unique Leon... There are no ACE badges that is teadrop-shaped like this one. I like it !
*Leon : Ye.... You can keep it if you want.... I dont think I am gonna form a task force here....
*Ayako : Okay..... What is this blank btw.... (There is a space between the words '''ACE''' and '''task force''').
*Leon : Yuki told me that blank is for the task force's name... Whenever we have one, give it a name, that name will be put in that space....
*Ayako : Um hmmm..... ''continued looking at the badge closely''
*Leon : But who am I kidding.... It will never happen anyway....
Leon stood up and walked away, leaving Ayako with the badge she was having fun with.
<br/><br/>
'''BA Canteen'''
<br/>'''6/8/2015 4:30 PM'''
<br/>
|-|E12=
Takeru met everyone else in the dinner after I escorted him around the port.
<br/>We all had a fun conversation during the meal. Leon also threw the ACE badge at David (Now David also has one and became ACE member again as a lieutenant, though he only works mostly at BA).
*Leon : There David.... !
*David : Alright... thanks !
*Leon : So.... why dont you introduce your friend Fong ?
*Fong : This is... Takeru Tokuda... He is my old friend back in high school, also an PSIA agent. We used to play a lot of war-games together
*Leon : Hmmm... PSIA eh...
*Takeru : Yeah... and speaking of war-game.... He caused this.... ''shows the scar on his left arm''
Everyone but me looked pretty shocked upon seeing that scar, that injury was definitely painful !
*Ayako : What happened there ?
*Takeru : Well....
*Fong : Ya.... Its one of the games that our team actually lost, I slit his arm without noticing during the battle... My mistake....
*Takeru : Wait what ? I thought this wound was caused because you were trying to stop me from throwing a self-made bomb ?
*Fong : Hmm....?
*Takeru : Remember... ?
Now that I recalled it, there was a time, Takeru tried to throw a bomb (He made it, this guy is really good with self-made bombs) at the opponent just to test its power. I had to stop him by throwing a knife right at his arm, which caused him to drop it and I luckily kicked it away in time before the explosion got both of us....
<font color="green">
*Fong : Are you crazy Takeru ? You almost killed us !
*Takeru : Lol... sorry....ah... my arm....
*Fong : You asked for it ok !
</font>
But then.... what was the other memory I recalled ? I thought I used to slit his arm by accident before.... The wound was pretty bad... I couldnt forget !
<br/>Again, he only had one scar.... did I .... remember the wrong person ?
*Fong : Takeru.... I never slit your arm before ?
*Takeru : No...
Ok that was odd.....
*Leon : Btw Takeru... Do you have any connection with Ryuuji Tokuda, just curious ?
*Takeru : Ryuuji Tokuda ? Yeah... Thats my younger brother...
I choked when I heard Takeru said Ryuuji is his brother.
*Fong : ''cough''... wait... you and Ryuuji are brothers ?
*Leon : Why the surprise Fong ? I thought you realized about it from the beginning... you know... they both have '''Tokuda''' last name...
*Fong : Ryuuji has Tokuda as last name ???
*Leon : You forgot already ?
*Fong : Wait.....
Now that Leon mentioned it, Ryuuji did say his full name before... I didnt bother remembering it though lol...
*Takeru : How do you know him anyway?
*Leon : Well.... Ryuuji works here... this base...
*Takeru : Wow... He never told me ... I know he works in ACE... but what a coincidence that he works here too lol ! Where is he btw, I wanna meet him again !
*Ayako : That Ryuuji guy is in the hospital ... 
*Takeru : Wait why ? Did he have an accident ?
*Ayako : ah....
*Leon : You are in PSIA right? You should know something going on with Choi lately...
*Takeru : Oh... About Choi's group in the Philippines yes ?
*Leon : Ye... your brother, Ryuuji, was involved in this case too... and lets say that... things went a little wrong and he got wounded !
*Takeru : Okay... I get what you mean.....
A shipgirl suddenly walked into the canteen. This girl looked pretty cool and beautiful, made every other shipgirls in the canteen at the moment surprised and paid attention to her as well. She walked towards our table...
She took a seat across me at our table (Btw... Half of the seats belong to us, my group, Leon, Ayako and others.... while the other half belongs to various shipgirls, Shigure is one of them. She doesnt have to sit at our table all the time though, but she tends to do so anyway).
*Shigure : Evening... Teitoku...
*Fong : Who are you... ?
*Shigure : ......''let out a sigh and looked away from me''
*Fong : ''This feeling is familiar... hold on .... that ahoge...''. You are.... Shigure... ??
*Shigure : Ye.... You didnt even recognize me at first glance... Im sad teitoku... !
*Fong : Sorry alright.... But... you look so different... you look more.... uh.... cute...
Shigure had a little smile upon hearing it...I was embarrassed for making such compliment too, Ayako once again creeped me out when she pulled her gun out. The rest of my group had a good laugh and enjoyed the meal afterwards.
<br/>I asked Shigure why she got a new look, she only told me that this is part of shipgirl's life. Overtime, shipgirls will have to go through a phase called as '''Remodel''' where they will get a new look and become much stronger than before. Apparently Shigure is the first one getting it here....
<br/>Meanwhile...Iroha just got out of bed, noticed it was only 8 PM, she went back to sleep again..... 
<br/>(I mean.... who need dinner right lol ?)
<br/><br/>
----
'''BA Canteen - 6/8/2015 9:30 PM'''<br/>
Takeru had fun together with us after dinner, sharing each other's past and fun times. A lot of shipgirls also gathered around Shigure at the sofa in the corner. All the girls complimented on her new look with Yuudachi tried to mess with Shigure's hair a bit because Shigure's new hair made her look like a hound ! (A special characteristic of Shiratsuyu class DD Kai Ni, check wikia). She soon had to ask for some space before eventually going to the bathroom. I noticed her leg was bleeding a bit while rushing to the bathroom, had to follow her and tell Leon to entertain Takeru for a while.
<br/>Shigure tried to use her handkerchief to cover the wound, but I was standing outside the bathroom door, saw her do that and interrupted her.
*Fong : You are bleeding again arent you ?
*Shigure : ''freaked out'', Teitoku ! Why are you here ??
She threw her handkerchief at me, I grabbed it anyway.
*Fong : I warned you about the wound, but you didnt listen ...
*Shigure : I know !....
Shigure's leg wound turned worse... Probably due to training earlier. I had to take her to the hospital seriously. I grabbed her hand and got her out of there.
*Shigure : Teitoku... where are we going ?
*Fong : Hospital ! 
*Shigure : No ! I dont need to go to the hospital ! Let me go !....
She became annoying after that point, had to tell Leon to buy even more time with Takeru while I was taking her to the hospital.
<br/>The doctor there removed her old bandage and covered the wound with a new one, looked so much better now. She also happened to stay in the same room as Hibiki does... She would not be able to come home for a while and ACE guards all over the places there will ensure that Shigure wouldnt escape.
*Shigure : You are being mean again Teitoku ! This is not fair ! You cant lock me here ! ''yelling at me''
*Fong : I think I can....
*Shigure : ''Got so angry that she threw a pillow at me. This time, I actually caught it and threw it back at her, just to hit Hibiki instead while she evaded''
*Fong : Oops.... sorry Hibiki..... Anyway... last time Shigure.... please... stay here and recover ... ok ?
*Shigure : ....Fine.... !!! ''made an angry face at me before lying down in the bed''
Shigure immediately pulled her phone out when I left the room... She was texting with somebody. At the same time, Iroha's phone got her message, saying ''This sucks !!'', which Iroha only replied ''You asked for it lol !''
<br/><br/>
Our talk eventually ended at 11 PM, when everyone parted ways while I was escorting Takeru to the airport.
*Takeru : You really care about girl huh...
*Fong : ''You noticed me taking her away ?'' . Well... she doesnt know her limit at all... good grief man !
*Takeru : Heh.... Do you like her ?
*Fong : Hell no .... 
*Takeru : Okay ...
*Fong : Yo... speaking of interest.... What about your girlfriend..
*Takeru : Sakuya ? Just the usual... We are busy these days... rarely have a free time to hang out unlike in the past ...
*Fong : Alright... At least you have someone to be interested in... You two made a perfect couple btw ...
*Takeru : Tell me about it.... Anyway... Gotta go ...
*Fong : Have fun man !
We waved and said goodbye at the airport before I eventually came back to HQ and called it a day...
<br/>Takeru had to yell at me ''Oh... Dont forget to say hi to Ryuuji for me... !!'' before leaving though....
<br/><br/>
Later, when Takeru got back to Japan, he was seen talking to someone on the phone :
<br/>''Is this the girl you mentioned about before ?''
<br/>Takeru sent the photo of Shigure to someone via his phone.
<br/>''Guess what... She is stolen !''
<br/>''Okay ! .... will do !''
Takeru then muttered ''This is interesting'' before throwing his phone to the bed, we can clearly see on his phone, the last contact he made was '''Choi'''.....
<br/><br/>
'''BA, command room - 6/15/2015 7:00 PM'''
<br/>Nearly a week has passed and we were still stuck in map 5-3. We kinda underestimated the enemies at night, they were stronger than usual. They outright knocked my girls out a lot, made us barely reach the boss. Even if we did reach the boss, we still couldnt kill the transport ship as its escorts kept shielding it. This became annoying after a while that I had to settle with support expedition ! Generally speaking, support expedition = Sending a fleet to throw a bunch of shells at the enemy before they can attack..... from very far away.....It was up to the point that I had to use support expedition to make a break through here.
<br/>Akatsuki, Hibiki and Shigure have come back as of this point, but I was still worried about Shigure. Despite her recovered wound, she had issues moving around. I wanted to let her take more rest before going out for sortie missions again. Several other girls also got remodelled (Most of them were surprised when their bodies glowing...), such as Akatsuki and Hibiki (Now is Verniy.... But I still prefer calling her as Hibiki..). 
<br/>Shigure's leg wound was basically healed.... But it left a small mark on her leg... and she still felt painful everytime she moved. Meanwhile, we kept getting failure in 5-3. Once again, the escorts were too strong, we couldnt punch through them, support expedition couldnt even land a single hit on the transport ship too, it was horrible ! Shigure, eventually couldnt stand for this any longer..., had to do her job anyway. Without telling anyone, she asked Hibiki, who was in support fleet, to let her take Hibiki's place as she '''would''' land a shell on the transport ship, the thing that no one could do before. Hibiki at first didnt want to, no one would dare to defy my order (Actually Shigure does... But she is special !). Shigure had to push Hibiki off and she went away.
*Shigure : Sorry... Verniy... !
*Hibiki : Shigure !
Hibiki immediately ran to the command room to warn me about Shigure. Shigure then entered the meeting place of support fleet, where the other girls were susprised that Shigure came instead of Hibiki (Now she took the flagship position as well). Seeing Shigure go ahead, they had to follow her while asking her repeatedly ''What are you doing here ??''.
<br/>At the same time, a main fleet was sortied to attack 5-3 Boss node again. They eventually arrived at boss, but they needed firepower from support expedition to make things easier, so they waited for a bit until support fleet fired their shells. Back to the support fleet with Shigure, Shigure didnt even bother replying others, she simply closed her eyes to feel enemy presence. She later pointed her gun into the sky and fired, also asked others to do the same. Somehow, the shell that Shigure fired, landed into the transport ship ! All other shells coming from other girls soon landed into other enemy escorts, who were still susprised that their own transport ship just got killed by a shell coming out of nowhere. The enemy fleet quickly fell apart when my main fleet joined the battle. We put up a good fight and killed 4 of them, excluding SWP and the submarine. They ran away afterwards, which I ordered my girls to let them go, as their transport ship has been killed, there was no point in finishing the rest of the enemies off.
<br/>Hibiki was late btw, Shigure took her earpieces, she had to run all the way to the HQ to inform us.... Although ... we have already known Shigure was in the support fleet already when the other girls told us...
*Fong : ''Shigure is doing that again gdi....'' (My thought when I heard Shigure was on the move again)
We were shocked when one of the shells landed into the transport ship though... Shortly after it died... Shigure talked to me via her earpiece...
*Shigure : Do you like it... teitoku... ?
*Fong : Uh..... ya .....
That was pretty anti-climactic tbh....
<br/>Later on, when I talked to the girls, I found out that Shigure shot first in the support fleet, and that first shot actually hit the transport ship. I was amazed too, either she was very lucky right there, or her accuracy was so damn high that it was bound to hit that transport ship (I went with the latter btw, I knew Shigure has some weird overpowered accuracy and evasion already...).
<br/>5-3 is cleared !
<br/><br/>
So... what about Ryuuji you may ask ? He was still in the hospital .... It would take him at least a month to get out of there lol.
<br/><br/>
Few days later, David told me that the favor I asked him has already finished. The shipgirl barrack now got another building nearby, which acts like a place for the shipgirl to practice using '''real firearm''' !
<br/>Basically, considering the last time my girls got kidnapped and pulled us into a mess, I decided to ask David to make a building specialized in training shipgirls for real combat (self-defense you know....). David when showed me the building, I was impressed with the facility there. David then suddenly pulled a knife out and tried to stab me, I quickly knocked it off and we all had a little fight until both of us fell on the floor and hurt ourselves...
*David : Woah..... Leon is right.... you know how to fight lol....
*Fong : ''pant''.... another test ? Whats with you and Leon anyway ?
The room was full of weapon and firearms btw... I managed to grab few guns during the fight, but didnt have a chance to shoot at all lol. David then told me that he would be the main person in charge of teaching shipgirls self-defense with these weapons and firearms. I wanted to decline at first, I only asked him to teach them several basic moves for defence, not teach them how to kill people ! But again, those guys they encountered were pretty dangerous, it would also be a great opportunity for them to learn how to use our firearms as well..... so eh... I allowed him to anyway....
<br/>
*Fong : I thought you have already left the ACE... yet you were able to pull off a fight like that ....
*David : Same thing with you... Being a NEET, yet still remember all the combat skills.
*Fong : Im not a NEET !!
David also asked Leon and Ayako some helps too, they know better when it comes to combat right ? Anyway... I left the building afterwards... just to see Shigure was still training hard near the beach. She still had hard time moving around which irritated her a lot. She immediately came to me when I shouted her name later.
*Fong : Havent met you after we cleared 5-3 .... I forgot to say thanks .... thank you Shigure...
*Shigure : Your welcome teitoku....
A moment of silence occurred shortly after, before both of us talked at the same time...
*Fong : Shigure...
*Shigure : Teitoku...
*Fong : Sorry.... You say it first then...
*Shigure : Oh.... okay ... I wanna apologize... for my bad behavior... Im so sorry... teitoku... I didnt mean .... I only wanted to show you what I could do....
*Fong : Alright....
I hugged her before she finished her words.
*Fong : I also thought about this and ... I realized I went a bit far... Whenever I see you are mad at me... I feel uneasy tbh...Im sorry too...
*Shigure : ''smiled''...Ha... I will be fine though... You just cared about me too much right there...
*Fong : It hurt me okay... I cant forget the time when you were bleeding, I dont wanna see you get hurt again.... It.... it... hurt me too... and I just wanted to protect you...
*Shigure : Glad...to hear you want to protect me.... teitoku... Im grateful...
''Although.... Its more like Im protecting you, teitoku'', Shigure thought.
*Fong : Beside.... You've already earned my attention... You dont have to try so hard again alright ? Take care of yourself too you know, please !
*Shigure : ....Roger...
*Fong : Promise ?
*Shigure : I promise... teitoku !
We all had a pinky swear right there before realizing how close we were, my face and Shigure's face were very close (The closest distance we have ever had ! Both of us blushed as well... Romantic scene anyone lol ?)
*Fong : oh.... uh.... ''let Shigure go''... I didnt mean to do hug you... sorry.... ''Whats wrong with me again gdi ?''
*Shigure : ''giggled'' I dont hate it lol... teitoku... I .... actually... like ... it !! (She said it in a very slow speed, as if she tried to emphasize it while getting closer to me...)
*Fong : ''Grabbed her shoulder to stop her''... Okay.....lunch time btw... wanna go eat ?
*Shigure : ''sigh'' Sure....But.....
Shigure held my hand behind me....
*Shigure : Teitoku... Can I hold your hand... and mind escorting me a bit ? My leg.... still hurts...
*Fong : Uh ... ofc.... 
''Still not the best chance.... hmmm'', Shigure thought and smiled while closing her eyes, walking with me to the canteen.
<br/><br/>
She certainly was happy during the lunch, all other girls sitting nearby felt that Shigure looked happier than usual. She then went into Iroha's room afterwards (Iroha was no longer sick btw) and had a fun time talking each other. I even heard Shigure's laugh when talking with Iroha too, but when I opened Iroha's room door :
*Shigure : Teitoku !.... Hi..... 
*Fong : Shigure ?
Shigure rushed out of the room....
*Fong : Oi.... why rushing ?
*Shigure : I have something to do here.... see you later teitoku !
*Fong : Still a weird girl......
Iroha continued working with her laptop, I was still curious about the relationship between Shigure and Iroha. I recalled the photo of them taken together again...
*Fong : Iroha... Have you met Shigure before ??
Iroha didnt reply at all....
*Fong : I will take that as a no then.... ''Why did I know she wouldnt answer anyway....''
I closed her room door and went to the command room later, Iroha let out a sigh afterwards with a disappointment.
<br/><br/>
Salmon Sea Area, the last area to liberate in World 5. Like 5-3, this area was used by the enemy to transport the resources for resupplying, it just happened at day instead of night though... So we could easily deploy a fleet of CVs to nuke everything along the way, including the transport ship who acted like 5-4 Boss, the main target. We also got a bunch of fuel along the way, profit guys !
<br/>Just right before dinner, 5-4 was cleared !
<br/>Back in the command room :
*Fong : Well... all world 5 maps are down ....
*Shigure : Good job teitoku.... (she was behind me grabbing my shoulder)
*Fong : Shigure ?? You scared me.....
*Shigure : Lol... sorry teitoku.....
*Fong : I am starving.... Dinner time !
Shigure suddenly grabbed my hand again....
*Shigure : Teitoku... Mind escorting me again .... ? ''smiled at me''
At this point I started thinking Shigure tried to use her pain as an excuse to make me escort her. But her smile and her look couldnt let me decline ..... gdi !
*Shigure : Please.... ??
*Fong : Alright !! Jesus....
This time she actually hugged me from behind too, thanked me for escorting her.....
<br/>''Man... I hope Ayako isnt around.... she would kill me dead if she saw me sticking around Shigure..... god help me please !!!''
<br/><br/>
'''BA - Command Room'''
<br/>'''6/18/2015 - 7:30 PM'''
|-|E13=
Somewhere offshore, at midnight... Two fishing men caught a ripped backpack in the net. They had a brief moment of fighting over that backpack before a huge abyssal DD appeared behind them and destroyed their boat...
<br/>Meanwhile, I had some weird dream again. I got memories from the past when people used to call me as Kevin... while some others called me as Fong.... So.... was I really Kevin in the past ?? (I kinda convinced myself that my name was Kevin, but somehow I forgot about it and my name was changed to Meiho, or Fong as how people called me now....?).
<br/>Those weird dreams woke me up, also woke up Shigure sleeping next to me by accident...
*Shigure : Teitoku.... Are you okay ....
*Fong : Ya ... ya .... Im fine... since when you got into my bed again anyway....
*Shigure : Ha... lol... sorry...
Leon then walked into my room....
*Leon : Oh you are awake... good.... There is something you need to see btw ...
*Fong : ?
All of us then moved to the beach, where we found the dead bodies of two fishing men earlier lying on the ground along with the abyssal DD body next to them. ACE ships detected this DD and shot it down, couldnt stop it from killing those fishing men and eating them alive though....
<br/>We had to move the body away, looking at those nasty things made me sick as well tbh. Ayako then pointed out that abyssal DD had something in its mouth, we pulled it out and turned out to be a backpack, well.... a ripped backpack... that stupid creature chewed the backpack a bit too gdi. Anyway... David heard the incident, decided to check it out, and quickly ran into us.
*David : That backpack.... !
*Fong : ?
David rushed to us and grabbed the backpack from Ayako's hands
*David : Where did you get this...
*Fong : Uh.... from that DD ??
*Leon : You know the owner of this backpack David ?
*David : Ye.... Its from Lily... look ! ''shows the backpack to us'', it has her name..... see ? (The name written on the backpack was kinda blur, hard to see it..... maybe not for David).
*Fong : Wait... Lily... ? That Lily... ?
*Ayako : Yeah... Lily Harrison, David's girl...
David had a little moment hugging the backpack... it reminded him of his deceased girlfriend.....
<br/>Shigure looked pretty irritated when David hugged the backpack...
*Fong : Shigure, everything ok ?
*Shigure : Shhh.... teitoku.... please be quiet for a bit....
*Fong : uh...... ''Did she just shhhh me and tell me to be quiet ??''
Shigure closed her eyes and tried to hear something, she walked towards the backpack David was carrying and asked him to hand it over. Shigure then examined the backpack carefully, just to find out a little device that looks like a bug ...
*Leon : A bug ?
*Ayako : Why is there a bug in her backpack ?
Shigure then threw the bug to the ground and stomped on it to destroy it...
*Fong : Umm... Shigure.... Mind explaining what you were doing ?
*Shigure : Oh.... that bug was annoying me.... It made a high-pitch sound.... hurt my head...
*Leon : Really.... We didnt hear anything as such here....
*Fong : Okay.... But I dont get it... why would her backpack have a bug that gave off a high-pitch sound ?
David, Leon and Ayako then looked at each other, all of them seemed to have a same thought...
*Fong : What ? .... What are you three thinking ?
*Leon : Fong... do you remember when Iroha made use of high-pitch sound to destroy enemies ?
*Fong : Ya.... Those high-pitch sound was the only way to...... Ohhhhhh...
*Leon : Yeah... now you get it....
*Ayako : She definitely didnt want to kill herself right... David ?
*David : It cant be.... She was alway happy with her life.... even before she died...
*Ayako : Okay... Look like we will have to go with the other theory.
*Fong : So.... those high-pitch sound will make abyssal forces go crazy... Dont tell me you guys are actually...
*Leon : Yes.. we are ! There is a chance that somebody put a bug in Lily's backpack to attract those creatures to kill her....
*David : Someone... wanted Lily dead...
*Fong : Seriously ? Why though....
None of us knew the reason behind this, but this discovery sure cheered David up as now he knew Lily's death was not an accident, it was a set up !
<br/><br/>
----
'''6/19/2015 - 8:00 AM'''<br/>
Morning came, I was so tired and couldnt sleep properly again after the incident earlier at dawn. Still had to wake up anyway as I promised Shigure to take her to the cafe where I and Leon had breakfast before for apology (It was her alone originally, but other Shiratsuyu class DD overheard my invitation and they begged me to tag along too....). Shigure got herself a new coat when hanging out with me too (Beside the usual K2 outfit). I had to admit that she really looked like a lady right there....
<br/>We had a chat at the table, along with the other DDs kept messing with Shigure's hair due to her hair flaps. Yuudachi took Shigure's dount before Shigure got a chance to have it... Shigure had to kick Yuudachi's chair away to make her fall for payback afterwards... Shigure also commented how the dount reminded her of Iroha as the dount is Iroha's favorite food...
*Fong : You know about it... Shigure ?
*Shigure : Yes... Iroha-san told me ....
*Fong : Hmm... you and Iroha sure get along well eh ...
*Shigure : ...... Yeah...
Shigure suddenly became silent later, probably tried to avoid Iroha's topic. At some point, I believed Shigure and Iroha knew each other long time ago.... But again, Shigure denied it....
<br/>After we have done breakfast, we walked all the way back to HQ. On the way, I noticed Shigure stop by and take a look at the gemstone inside the jewelry store. Shigure kept looking at the sapphire, the blue color of sapphire reflects on her eyes too, which made me think she has blue eyes right there... (I prefer Shigure having blue eyes, like Sapphire blue... tbh ).
*Fong : You like it ?
*Shigure : Oh !.... Teitoku.... Sorry... This blue gem attracted me... it made me feel... calm and pleasant...
*Fong : Sapphire eh ?
*Shigure : Sapphire...
Other girls saw us stop at the jewelry store, immediately shouted our name to tell us to catch up. We followed them afterwards, but then a random incident occurred when we crossed the alley on the street. An unknown man tried to grab Yuudachi... Shigure noticed him so she pushed Yuudachi away and took her place instead...
<br/>That man threatened to kill Shigure with his knife unless we let him flee. He quickly scared people around the area while I was trying to calm him down...
*Fong : Man.... Take it easy... You dont wanna do this !
*Man : Dont get closer ! I will kill her !!!!
*Fong : Okay fine... I tried to warn you ... Shigure !!
*Man : What are yo....
*Fong : You are messing with the wrong girl man !
Shigure then glared at the man, before eventually knocking him out and throwing him to the nearby dumpster.
<br/>Everybody gave an applause for Shigure's move.... with Shigure continued walking towards that man and kicked him few more times...
*Fong : Ok Shigure... Thats enough... stop !! 
I grabbed Shigure's shoulders and pulled her away from him..
*Shigure : Tch... How dare he touch me !! 
*Fong : Ya.... we have enough too.. lets get out of here... 
Brunei police officers soon arrived at the scene to capture that man, after we got out of there.
<br/>That man was taken to the interrogation room in a Brunei Police Department later. When he was left alone, Kaiki Shigara walked into the room, saying ''You suck !'' to him before shooting him in the head and moving out.
<br/><br/>
'''BA Shipgirl Barrack - 6/19/2015 11:30 AM'''
<br/>Ryuuji was finally home ! (With a wheelchair that is....)... He then met up with Leon's group at the shipgirl barrack where a lot of shipgirls were gathering for their first self-defense lesson. At first, Leon and Ayako totally didnt agree with this idea as these weapons and firearms are very dangerous... But then... teaching them about self-defense is probably not a bad idea either... So they agreed to help David teach the girls anyway (Like me lol....). 
<br/>Leon and Ryuuji (Sitting on the wheelchair) had a small talk :
*Leon : You know... I really miss the wheelchair...
*Ryuuji : I can break your legs anytime... just ask lol !
*Leon : No thanks...
Leon then took a bite of an apple, Ayako immediately threw the knife at the apple, which startled both Ryuuji and Leon. The knife was stuck in the apple and all shipgirls were pretty amazed at Ayako's throw...
*Ayako : Who wanna learn how to do that ?
All shipgirls said ''me'', they looked pretty excited...
*Ryuuji : Oh boy... this is gonna be fun...
*Leon : Ye....Can you... help me pull this knife out ... please ??
<br/>
They all had a great time learning how to use real weapons. One of the DDs shot the gun by accident and almost hit Ryuuji's leg too lol. Those shipgirls also practiced using real weapons inside the dormitory as well, which resulted in another incident when one of the girls slipped her hand and threw the knife to the Fluorescent lamp above Hitoshi's seat, the lamp later fell off and hit Hitoshi's head, made him really mad with a bleeding head and decided to tie the girl who caused this to a nearby tree before getting his head checked in the hospital (You want me to say the name of the girl who did this ? Alright... fine ! Its Akatsuki.... sasuga lady !).
<br/>Few days later, Hibiki made a great performance at the barrack. All other shipgirls missed a lot when using real firearms... but Hibiki hit every targets with her favorite sniper rifle. Every other girls praised her until they all noticed Shigure performed even better than Hibiki did at the virtual battlefield. Hibiki then jumped into the field and challenged Shigure :
*Hibiki : Shigure, we settle for this now ! Last time you stole my spotlight, I will not let you steal mine again !
*Shigure : Okay.... ''She is still mad about 5-3 support fleet few days ago ?''
I was watching them from above, knowing Shigure would win anyway... I didnt even bother watching the match anymore...(Yes... Shigure beat Hibiki in the end !)
<br/><br/>
David was sitting outside the building, looking at the photo of Lily and him taken together few years ago...
*Leon : David... you are not teaching them today ?
*David .... Oh ...Leon ! .... I do... sorry... I just... cant stop thinking about Lily 
*Leon : Its alright....
Leon then sat next to David...
*David : I wanna.... find out the truth... Leon ...
*Leon : .....
*David : She was set up...  That changed everything okay ! I just cant stop thinking that way.... something is telling me to go find the truth behind this !
*Leon : Ok... where would you start then ?
*David : I dont know.... but I will try somehow...
*Leon : Hmmmm... look David...if you want any help.... just call us alright ? We are family.... you know....
*David : Yeah.... thanks Leon !
<br/>
The next day, Hibiki challenged Shigure in an all-out virtual battlefield, just to get defeated again !<br/>
And... the same midnight, Hitoshi got a call from his friend, it seemed he had to leave the island soon for his personal business....He had to go in a rush though, we couldnt even host a farewell party...
*Fong : I will miss you tbh...
*Leon : We all will....
*Hitoshi : Thanks guys.... Oh... tell Akatsuki to not break anything again ok !
*Leon : Lol okay.... ''Glad to see your head still fine ....''
*Fong : Its just suck that you are going at midnight... Ayako, David and Ryuuji would be sad that they didnt even get a chance to say goodbye !
*Hitoshi : It cant be helped.... ''gets on his car and starts the engine''
*Leon : Oi... send us a message sometimes ok !
*Hitoshi : Sure !
Hitoshi then drove away.... just before we realized.... 
*Fong : Hold on... if he goes away then... who will be in charge of the dormitory ?
Both of us decided to tell them about Hitoshi leaving the island and had a small vote of who would be in charge of the dorm. Most of the shipgirls picked Ayako due to her friendliness. Ayako didnt want to take the place at first as it didnt suit her at all.... But seeing the girls begging her to be one, she couldnt reject it in the end...
<br/><br/>2 more months have passed... We got more K2 girls. David also told Kongou about the truth of Lily's death and he wanted her help too. Leon and Ayako taught a lot of things about self-defense for the girls. Now, the girls basically know how to defend themselves from dangerous people, each of them holds a pocket pistol and a pocket knife. Hibiki also kept practicing her sniper skill, her accuracy gradually went up overtime, while Shigure continued showing exceptional skills when she defeated Leon, Ayako, Ryuuji and David occasionally in HTH and CQC, also how well she could use the real firearms. Most of us were still impressed with her skills, while I was only be like ''Eh... Its just Shigure being Shigure... I lost surprise after a while lol''.
<br/>Hibiki, after being beaten 7 times by Shigure, still didnt want to give up and continued trying harder to beat Shigure one day... Although... she certainly wasnt happy at all everytime she got defeated... especially one of the times when Akatsuki and other DDs sat with her at the table, her aura scared them off. Hibiki kept saying she wasnt mad, although she really was ! (The atmosphere was pretty heavy everytime other DDs tried to talk to Hibiki as well... would be much more preferable to avoid Shigure topic when talking to Hibiki tbh...).
<br/><br/>
<font color="purple">'''8/10/2015 - Summer 2015 Event'''</font>
<br/>My girls spotted new enemies showing up in the south pacific ocean. They were invading some islands nearby and my girls had to stop them before they arrived at the sea around BA.
<br/>A light fleet (CL 2DD) was sortied to attack one of their enemy fleets (DD Hime as flagship), created a great opening to advance further into the enemy territory.<br/>
For the first time ever, I had to sortie 12 girls at once to form a combined fleet, as in the next two areas, E2 and E3, enemies are extremely strong, I have never seen the boss there before. E2, a combined fleet of STF (Surface Task Force) was used to fight the boss, CL Oni. The enemies clearly had more evasion, it was hard for any of the girls to hit them accurately (Even Shigure had a little hard time). We had to settle for support expedition again, which luckily worked when they shoved half of the enemies for the rest of the girls to focus on the boss easier. Shigure then blew the boss up with her TCI, claimed the MVP of E2.
<br/>At the same time, another combined fleet of CTF (Carrier Task Force) was sortied to E3 to kill the boss there, AV Hime. Battles here were a lot more painful, as not only our aircrafts died... but our sanity also died overtime. Few days after E2 was cleared, Shigure had to replace Hibiki in the escort fleet to make a difference (Hibiki refused to at first, but again, she wouldnt dare to defy me... She had to let Shigure take her place anyway.... certainly Hibiki wasnt happy about that...). It took us few more tries, but Yukikaze eventually managed to damage the boss, just barely enough for Shigure to finish it off.... Another MVP title granted for Shigure...
<br/>We all were happy except Hibiki, who was pretty angry upon seeing Shigure got the kill again, she immediately left the room in anger, which other DesDiv6 DDs soon chased after her to calm her down.... I wanted to say something for Hibiki tbh... but at that point, I only cared about the clear... Gotta hate that map too btw, enemy had high AA, they shot down a lot of our planes (My baux almost died too geez !).
<br/><br/>
We took a rest for few days, until Hibiki eventually calmed herself down. We then moved into E4 to destroy the enemy airfield (Boss is Airfield Hime). We tried to punch through the boss node, but the enemy CV along the way gave us a headache with their new kind of plane called as Takoyaki. Those Takoyaki hurt as fuck... we had to take another route ! An alternative option was going through the yasen route, which I wanted to avoid tbh (5-3 PTSD). But turns out this route was less annoying than the other route with enemy CV (Still took damage when arrived at boss though). The boss beat my girls later though... the torpedo didnt do any damage to her ! She was a landbase ... took me a while to figure that out gdi ! 
<br/>After the previous loss, we sortied to E4 again, but this time, Haruna and Kongou had a sanshiki to kill the boss, while all other girls had a duty of clearing all escorts around the boss for Kongou and Haruna to deliver the kill. The battle didnt go well as planned when the boss slapped Haruna from the beginning ! We eventually got it worked and managed to kill the boss just in time when Kongou actually tried to hit the boss instead of the escort BB down there, her damage dealt on the boss was barely enough to get us out of that hell ! Kongou was praised afterwards and got the MVP of E4 title.
<br/>Shigure, who was standing next to me, complained that she should have sortied there and killed the boss, but since the boss was a landbase, her torpedo wouldnt work, only CA and BB could shove the boss, DD would never have enough damage. Shigure felt irritated that she couldnt do anything for help. I had to tell her that the next area, E5, she would have a chance of performance, to make her happy....
<br/>E5 was supposed to be easy, but an incident occurred when we were fighting the boss there (BB Hime). BB Hime tried to shoot Yamashiro, but Shigure protected her and took a hit instead, this time she got hit pretty badly and knocked herself out with a bleeding head. We eventually beat the boss, but had to get back asap to heal Shigure. She was hit so hard that she fell unconscious.
<br/>Losing Shigure was not a good thing (Chill, she was in the hospital, not really died !!!), E6 was a bit annoying without her.... CV Wo class now got a stronger form, Wo Kai, and they were everywhere launching Takoyaki to nuke our girls. CV Hime at the boss of E6 was not a pushover either... She kicked my girls's ass too.... Didnt even have a chance to damage her at all !
<br/>Luckily, Maya got her K2. She showed her exceptional skill of shooting enemy planes down (AACI). She helped the girls advance to the boss node easier and managed to make CV Hime shut up too (She lost all the planes lol). We still had to damage her enough to get a kill though, but Hatsushimo and Yukikaze cooperated together in the end as they sent their TCI to the boss, immediately killed it...
<br/>A short break occurred between E6 and E7, I had to go check Shigure. Her injury was not fatal but she hadnt regained consciousness since E5. Looked like I had to go into E7 without her as well....
<br/>Maya had a duty, a very important one, her AACI played an important role in this operation. But E7 boss in the end..... '''we didnt even reach it once !!!'''
<br/>Beside enemy CV Wo Kai was everywhere, there was also BB Hime and Isolated Island Oni on the way to E7 boss node. Everytime we passed Wo Kai, these two kept showing up and beat the crap out of my girls, we couldnt advance to the boss with the heavy damage my girls had taken, so I had to order my girls to retreat many times. Nearly a week later, they completely stole all the natural resources around the islands they were annexing. As we couldnt even get to the boss..... we couldnt stop them.... They ran away after damaging the islands and disappeared....
<br/>(This event was my failure basically, I failed summer 2015 E7).
<br/><br/>
<font color="purple">'''9/7/2015 - End of event'''</font>
<br/>No more enemies sighted, E7 boss (Kitanda - AD Hime) escaped with the resources. We had a big failure....
<br/>While everyone looked pretty disappointed... Shigure woke up, asked Shiratsuyu and Yuudachi who were sitting next to her what happened with event....
*Yuudachi : Shigure-chan...
*Shiratsuyu : Ummm....Shigure.... 
*Shigure : What ? Why are you two making such face ?
*Shiratsuyu : We..... failed it....
Shigure froze upon hearing we failed the event, she didnt even bother listening to Shiratsuyu and Yuudachi later and outright rushed to my office....
<br/>Meanwhile....Leon was talking to Yuki on the phone...
*Yuki : So much for his strategy eh....
*Leon : Relax... just a fall back... we will get them next time !
*Yuki : Hmph.... If there is a next time Jack ! This is such a disgrace for ACE right now !
*Leon : Cmon... just give him a second chance....
*Yuki :..... Fine.....Last chance.... If he screws up again, I will ditch him !
*Leon : Ok... forget about your task force too then...
*Yuki : You... !!
<br/>
I was sleeping soundly, suddenly Shigure shook my shoulders so hard that woke me up and I had to push her away to stop her. She wanted to know what really happened in event. I told her that we failed the event and the enemy ran away already, there was nothing left we could do. The moment she heard my words, she didnt even reply anything... But I could see her eyes, her look... She looked pretty angry.... She immediately ran out of my office after telling me ''I see..... okay.... sorry... Teitoku...''...
<br/>
*Fong : Shigure !!
I followed her afterwards, who happened to bump into Leon downstairs
*Shigure : Sorry Leon-san.... !!
*Fong : Shigure ! Wait !
*Leon : Yo Fong .. what is happening ?
*Fong : Not now Leon !
I lost Shigure for a bit, until I noticed she was going offshore at a very fast speed. She was heading for the island where E7 boss stayed. Thanks god she didnt have the hydrojet on, I could still chase her down with the boat. During the chase, I saw Shigure screamed in anger. It got worse when she arrived at the island where she yelled those abyssal creatures names, in order to lure them out and kill them. She looked pretty mad, desperated and started crying... even punched the ground a lot and cursed the abyssal forces and herself.... I only stayed away from her and watched her release her pain at first, but after a while I didnt want her to continue again (especially when her hands were already covered in blood), I had to stop her. I grabbed her hands, she looked at me, her face was already full of tears... but she only leant on me next and crying even louder....
*Shigure : Teitoku.... Im sorry.... I was so weak.... I couldnt clear the event ... for everyone.... (She said this while crying)
I wanted to say something too, but definitely she wouldnt hear me while she was crying... I let her cry all out anyway....
<br/><br/>She eventually stopped crying when the dawn appeared, but she looked pretty emotionless afterwards.... only told me ''Lets go home....''
<br/>Good grief.... she suddenly took all the responsibilities for the failure of the event right there.... I tried to explain that this was not her fault, but clearly she wasnt listening to me anymore.... She was dead inside !!
<br/>But guess what.... I probably couldnt make her talk... but I knew a person could ! 
<br/>Iroha was about to sleep (Yes, sleeping at 7 AM , its Iroha we are talking about !), but I brought Shigure to Iroha's room and asked Iroha to help me with Shigure here. I told Iroha to somehow cheer Shigure up again after telling Iroha that Shigure was going wild upon knowing that we failed the event (Clearly not her fault though....). Iroha then only said ''Understood'' and asked me to leave the room, she would handle the rest.
<br/>The moment I left, Iroha outright slapped Shigure, pretty hard.... immediately triggered Shigure.
*Shigure : Iroha .... -san.... why did you slap me ??? (She yelled at Iroha).
Iroha then grabbed Shigure's shoulders and started talking slowly.... (The conversation here left unknown...)
<br/><br/>
Meanwhile, '''New York, USA - 9/7/2015 7:00 PM'''
<br/>Ryuuji met his brother, Takeru at a restaurant....
*Takeru : There is another request he asked.... Here is the cash....
Ryuuji then took the envelope with cash inside.
*Ryuuji : Okay.... How are you doing these days bro ?
*Takeru : Hmm... still fine... just got another job done....
*Ryuuji : Watch out of being killed bro....
*Takeru : No worries... I can take care of myself... What about you then... ? You are living with him everyday... you are the one should be careful !
*Ryuuji : I know what Im doing !
*Takeru : Lol alright... just wait for a little longer.... when the time comes... we will send him to where he belongs....

<br/><center><font color="red">'''TO BE CONTINUED'''</font></center>
</tabber>