Admiral Mistelone, of the International Kancolle Navy.



==Profile==

People don't use this pages that much but all this empty space is a waste so let me place something here.
==='''History of playing Kancolle'''===
Registered and started playing on the 1st week of November 2013 with Inazuma as the starting ship. I actually knew of Kancolle ever since August 2013 but I didn't try to delve into it that much until October. As someone who plays the original Touhou games, I thought that I should play Kantai Collection directly rather than just sitting in the side and enjoying the fan-made content and so that happened.
==='''Trivia'''===
Some trivial stuff regarding me playing Kancolle.
===='''1st Division''' (Main Fleet)====
#Kongou Kai Ni (flagship)
#Верный
#Yuudachi Kai Ni
#Shiigure Kai Ni
#Akagi Kai
#Kaga Kai

===='''Current personal objectives:'''====
*Construct Taihou (complete, 2/3/2014)
*Construct Akitsumaru
*Level up the 1st Carrier Division CV's to Lv. 70
*Stockpile 20k for each resource
*Construct I-8
*Finish 4-4 in honor of Takao (Started and finished on 2/20/2014)
*Finish E-1 to E-3 (Started on 05/02/2014 | Finished on 05/04/2014)
*Finish E-4 (Started on 05/05/2014 | Finished on 05/07/2014)

===='''Sortie status'''====
*World 1 cleared (11/??/2013)
*World 2 cleared (12/??/2013, around week before christmas event)
*World 3 cleared (01/25/2014)
*World 4 cleared (02/20/2014'' - 4-4 Final Boss clear attempts resulted in a cost equivalent to the Christmas Event'')

===='''Events'''====
*'''Christmas Event '''(completed 12/30/2014)
**'''Notable drops'''
*** ''I-19 (E-3)''
*** ''Yuugumo (E-2)''
*** ''Yuubari (E-2)''
*** ''Maikaze (E-2)''
*** ''Shoukaku (E-2)''
*** ''Nagato (E-2)''
*** ''Mutsu x2 (E-3)''
* '''Spring Event '''(main maps completed on 05/04/2014)
** '''Notable Drops'''
*** Makigumo
*** Hatsukaze
*** Hamakze
*** Mikuma

===='''Five Highest leveled ships'''====
*''Kongou Kai Ni (Lv. 90'')
*''Верный'' ''(Lv. 76)''
*''Kaga Kai (Lv. 72)''
*''Yuudachi Kai Ni (Lv. 71)''
*''Akagi Kai (Lv. 71'')


===='''Ship daughters that got sunk'''====
*''Abukuma (Lv. 5 - 10, 11/??/2013, sunk due to mistakingly continuing to the next node with 1 hp left)''
*''Nagato (Lv. 21, 12/??/2013, E-3 clear attempt, sunk by Arpeggio Kongou on night battle, saved by Damcon)''
*''Shimakaze Kai (Lv. 20+, 01/??/2013, 3-2 clear attempt, sunk on the boss node, saved by Damcon)''
*''Shiigure'' ''Kai'' ''(Lv. 20+, 01/??/2013, 3-2 clear attempt, sunk on the boss node at night, saved by Damcon)''
*''Takao Kai (Lv. 32, 02/20/2013, 4-4 final clear attempt, sunk on the boss node at night. Took a gamble on night battle with Takao at red health and failed. Was equipped with my only Type 3 shell. Also, the attempt itself ended in failure with the boss left with 23 hp at the end of the battle.)''


==The Four Rules of Kantai Collection==
''May change in time.''
#The '''RNG Goddess''' is '''everything'''. You are at its mercy.
#No ship daughter is worth sacrificing for during a sortie. Just look up the guy who lost a Yamato and Haruna at the same sortie.
#Hate your money. Go to work and earn money. Then hate your money again.
#Re-chan is cute.