Welcome to the profile page of Mr No-Luck, perhaps one of the most unlucky Admirals in the history of Kancolle... the only thing more amazing than such an achievement is why someone would be reading this. Do you ''want ''my lack of luck to be rubbed off onto you? Are you here to laugh? Well, whatever the case, have fun reading about my incredible profile of unluckiness! 

'''LSC Record'''
{| class="article-table"
!Target Ship
!Attempts
!Fuel
!Ammo
!Steel
!Bauxite
!Devmats
!Notes
|-
|'''Yamato'''
|98
|392000
|588000
|588000
|196000
|197
|4/6/6/2/1, except once where I used 100 devmats because YOLO. Got me nowhere, obviously. Obtained.
|-
|'''Taihou'''
|76
|304000
|152000
|380000
|395200
|1520
|4/2/5/5.2/20. Not obtained. 
|-
|'''Bismarck'''
|8 
|40000
|56000
|56000
|16000
|160
|Holy shit, maybe even I can get lucky sometimes! 5/7/7/2/20. Obtained. 
|-
|'''Musashi'''
|23
|92000
|138000
|138000
|46000
|460
|4/6/6/2/20. Not obtained. 
|}
'''Fall 2015 Event - After Action Report'''

Started with 126k fuel, 130k ammo, 130k steel, and 40k bauxite. Ended with 10k fuel, 120k ammo, 122k steel, and 18k bauxite. Wow, the event barely took a dent out of my ammo and steel reserves... I guess my expeditions managed to fill them up almost as fast as I could drain them. Not so about the fuel, unfortunately. 

In summary, Fall 2015 was an utter failure of an event. Despite reasonable preparations, RNG dickery overcame my highly-leveled fleet and resource stockpiles. 

Obtain Prinz Eugen: '''Failure of epic proportions. '''

Clear event: Failed. 

Obtain Akizuki: Failed. 

Obtain Graf Zeppelin: Failed. 

If ever I had to choose between clearing the event, and getting Prinz, I decided to get Prinz. Unfortunately, true to character, my lack of luck meant that I failed both instead. Sortied exactly 263 times to E-4 (thanks KCV Strategy Room), and used just shy of 200k fuel, courtesy of expedition teams working on overtime. Even with a nearly 95% S-Rank rate, Prinz eluded me. Thanks RNG, go burn in hell. To whoever may be reading this, if you find someone who failed harder than me for even more resources, please point me in their direction. I want to see if I can see their Salt Mountain from here. 

Just to spite me, RNG decided to give me two Romas instead. I should be glad, you say? Well, I wasn't happy when she dropped in Spring 2015 the first time, and I sure as hell wasn't happy when she dropped the second and third time, that's for sure! All I obtained from those drops was salt<sup>2</sup>.

Basically, salt, salt, salt and salt. I didn't even complete a single objective for all the fuel I burnt. And yes, I am salty as hell. Almost as salty as I am unlucky. ''Almost. ''