My KC event SOP:

0) Amass resources before events. Best to hardcap all resources at 300,000. (2500 buckets should suffice, even if you bucket every small fix).

0.1) Set a goal number of new shipgirls to rescue. The '''goal should be larger than or equal to the number of ships introduced in the event, so that progress is made to finish the kandex'''. As long as you meet this goal (and clear the event), give yourself a pat on the back and consider it a success.

1) Wait for info. Plan shiplocks during this time, to maximise historical routing and utility of all available ships (daihatsu-capable, OASW-capable, fast etc.), as well as take note of which maps to farm for drops. Have backups, in case things don't go according to plan (when have they ever?). Only start on the event when the last shiplock-tagged map is sufficiently scouted.

1.2) Historical routing is not always necessary. Adjust and plan accordingly.

2) Never farm on Hard.

2.2) Unless the map is just a joke, even on Hard.

2.3) Even so, if you want to avoid random taihas and losing baux from planes shot down (aka salt), avoid farming on Hard.

3) Keep your expectations reasonably high. Not too high, so that you don't feel salty when you fail to accomplish whatever you set out to do, or fail to give up on farming/clearing on a higher difficulty to clear the event.

4) Keep track of [http://www.kancolle-db.net/ drop] [https://db.kcwiki.org/drop/ rates] to decide where to farm, as well as to decide whether continuing to farm is worth it.

5) Always prioritise finishing the event. '''Shipgirl rewards means you don't have to farm for them next time''', and '''equipment are limited edition'''. Farmable ships will always return eventually.