Check the top of http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Expedition to see how to unlock 37,38.  I'd say it's a huge priority in terms of being able to get fuel and ammo fast.  I'd say almost everyone uses 2, 37, 38 the most, then followed by other expeditions depending on time and if they're looking for steel or baux instead.

I'll give you my templete, it's not the best probably, but it's pretty easy and you don't have to kill yourself to do it and it works during events too.  So on a day to day basis i'd be using fleet 2 for expedition 2 to clear daily quests, fleet 3 is reserved for either 37 if you want ammo or 38 if you want fuel.  fleet 4 is a bit of a wild card, but i choose to do 36 because it covers steel and bauxite because the other two do not.  

But here's how it changes depending.  I typically use fleet 2 with 4 DD that i'm trying to level below lvl 20, I switch them out afterwards.  I do not sparkle these ships as the gain isn't worth the pain to me and it's my main source of buckets.  However right before i got to sleep and i'm done for the day I add 1 CL and do expedition 21 for more fuel and ammo.  21 occasionally has a chance to get a great success because it requires drums.  I tend to leave drums on at least 2 of those destroyers and a drum on my CL.  (yahagi atm she's lvl 31 from doing this alone)

I sparkle for every expedition 36, 37 and 38.  If you have AV or CL that can equip daihatsu i'd  also use them.  (maximum of 4 daihatsu for 20% boost) 

Okay but now here's the kicker for events.  So you need fleet 2 for combined fleet.  I keep fleet 3 on doing 37 or 38 because it has the best resource regen.  I instead use fleet 4 for my 4 DD's doing expedition 2.  In the case I finally need a node or boss support, I temporarily give up doing fleet 4 for that fleet.  In the rare rare case I need both node and boss support (after a lot of planning) hopefully fleet 3 will have finished and you can now dedicate all 4 fleets to battle.  

In summary: 

Fleet 2: unsparkled 4DD doing endless expedition 2 for buckets and ammo, expedition 21 (add CL) when sleeping.  Moved to Fleet 4 during events and use of combined fleet.  

Fleet 3: sparkled either 37 or 38 for ammo or fuel (not both cause it burns sparkles too fast) switch depending on which resource you need more.  

Fleet 4: sparkled 36 for fuel but mainly steel and baux.  Lowest priority, first to be removed during events.  

Some side notes are that to keep you DD, CL and AV sparkled i use BW1 quest every week to sparkle at 1-1.  Also if you have DD to level up, try to win with a DD in PVP.  Best against all SS fleets where you can bring 3+DD with depth charges and bring 1 BB or BBV with seaplanes.  Use the sparkled ships from PVP in expedition to save on resources.  Also before events get more fuel than ammo, if you're still doing expedition 2 a lot that 100 ammo gain adds up and you'll be burning more fuel than ammo in the long haul.  



..... This got really long, but hopefully you get what i'm doing here.  I eventually just came up with this and it works really well for me.  Go ahead if you have any questions.  