__FORCETOC__
==Rescued Kanmusus==
====Winter 2016====
{| border="0" cellpadding="1" cellspacing="1" class="article-table mw-collapsible mw-collapsed" data-expandtext="View" data-collapsetext="Hide" style="width: 500px;"
|-
! scope="col"|Kanmusu
! scope="col"|Where
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|I-168}}
|E-1 [Normal]
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Kiyoshimo}}
|E-1
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Uzuki}}
|E-1
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Yahagi}}
|E-1
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Akigumo}}
|E-2 [Easy]
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Yuubari}}
|E-2
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Hatsuzuki}}
|E-2 Reward
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Asagumo}}
|E-3 Transport [Easy]
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Hiryuu}}
|E-3 Transport
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Kumano}}
|E-3 Boss
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Prinz Eugen}}
|E-3 Boss Final
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Zara}}
|
E-3 Reward
|}

====Spring 2016====
{| border="0" cellpadding="1" cellspacing="1" class="article-table mw-collapsible mw-collapsed" data-expandtext="View" data-collapsetext="Hide" style="width: 500px;"
|-
! scope="col"|
Kanmusu
! scope="col"|Where
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Hayasui}}
|E-1 Pre-boss [Easy]
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Harusame}}
|E-2 [Normal]
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Mikuma}}
|E-3 Boss [Normal]
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|I-19}}
|E-3
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Kamikaze}}
|E-3 Reward
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Maikaze}}
|E-4 Pre-boss [Normal]
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Takanami}}
|E-4 Boss
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Suzuya}}
|E-4 Boss
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Amagi}}
|E-5 Pre-boss [Easy]
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Nagato}}
|E-5 Boss Final
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Pola}}
|E-5 Reward
|}
'''''TTK Note:''''' Well, E-5's the end of the event for me unfortunately... Besides fult of salt and lacking sanity, I also got irl thingies to deal with and won't be able to log in again until <u>''June 1st''</u>. Yeap, the day after this event ends... <u>Iowa</u>, <u>Yuu-chan</u>, <u>Shioi</u>, <u>Akizuki</u>, <u>Teruzuki</u>, and <u>Kashima</u> I hope that we'll meet soon :')
====Fall 2016====
{| border="0" cellpadding="1" cellspacing="1" class="article-table" style="width: 500px;"
|-
! scope="col"|Kanmusu
! scope="col"|Where
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Uranami}}
|E-1 Boss [Normal]
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Akashi}}
|E-1 Boss
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Mizuho}}
|
E-3 Boss Final [Easy]
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Commandant Teste}}
|E-3 Reward
|}
'''''TTK Note:''''' I think I'll stop here at E-3 because I actually didn't prepare anything at all for this event. XD Well, it's not like I ran out of resources, bucket, or anything ... it's just I actually have got what I wanted in this event and that is <u>Commandant Teste</u> and the new planes~! So when I looked at E-4 & 5, I just don't see anything there and E-5's mechanism is so complicated... O:) Oh and btw''' ''EZ Modo''''' is indeed '''''easy'''''. XD I think I'll spend the rest of this event looking for <u>Akashi</u> and other ships in E-1. ;)

==<span style="font-size:18px;">The List</span>==

Below is the waiting list for the return of my beloved kanmusus who are 'graduated' temporary until I have more bed in my barracks (doable by finishing some DD quests and then getting rid some of my less-favorable DDs).



====F'''irst batch''' (8th Jan 2016)====

Consists of the ones whom I love but not required for quests... I love them because of their voice ''-[sorry but not you, <u>Isonami</u>'' ^-^v'']-''. I will always long for you all.



====S'''econd batch''' (18th Jan 2016)====

Three Asashio-class DDs which formed the Eight Destroyer Division ''-[I've completed their quest]-''. At first, I really hate this sisters' artwork ''-[especially <u>Ooshio</u> and Arare]-''. But as time passes, I grew to be some kind of fond or maybe just okay for them ''-[was it because I've spent my time with this class when it was <u>Asashio</u>'s birthday last December?]-''... I will miss you, girls.


===='''Third batch '''(11th Feb 2016)====

Composed of two Fubuki-class DDs which formed the 11th DesDiv. <u>Shirayuki</u> is my first Kai ship to be dismissed. There's a little story about her, once I mistook her for Shikinami -''[whom I found to be interesting]-'' and gave her a lot of modernization. Therefore, her stats was above average but she only sat in the naval base. For such skill to be left unused, henceforth I assigned her to expedition duties which require sparkling. From there, she earned her Kai.


====F'''ourth batch''' (20th Feb 2016)====

<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed" data-expandtext="Read 4th batch (long read)" data-collapsetext="Hide">
Made from two separate classes (Asashio and Kagerou) which formed the 18th DesDiv. My first impression towards <u>Arare</u> is suuuper flat ''-[wait, I'm not talking about her chest :p]-'' therefore I just meh-ed and let her be in an occasional sparkling-escort duty. But on our way to World 3-1, she turns out to performs eagerly well. She does constant cut-in in yasens and killed several enemies ''-[yes, elite (red) DDs]-''! Because of that, I'm going to let her keep a pair of quadruple oxygen torpedo mounts :'). On the other hand, the first time I saw <u>Shiranui</u>, I immediately fell for her. But time passes and it turns out that she doesn't has the inner beauty I'm looking for... She too became a sparkling-escort in case when I had no fresh nuggets ''-[level 1 DDs]-''.


</div>
===='''Fifth batch''' (26th Feb 2016)====

A little bit hurried because of the shear number from newcomers who came from this winter event. Consisting only a quarter of 21st DesDiv, <u>Nenohi</u>, it is actually rather hard to bid farewell... I have spent some time with her when it was her birthday and got used to hearing her voice. The first five minutes, you'll like or even love it but after that it becomes annoying as hell ''-[oh no, I hope she didn't hear me ^-^v]-''. Nevertheless, her voice is interesting to be heard once in a while...


'''Fifth-and-a-half batch''' (26th Feb 2016)

Moar event ships! <u>Nachi</u> and <u>Haguro</u>, I'm going to see you again later sooner than you'd expect!!!



===='''Sixth batch''' (28th Feb 2016)====

I'm sorry but you came too early; I'll get you back too, Maruyu!!!



'''Sixth-Mark II batch '''<span style="font-weight:normal;">(28th Feb 2016)</span>

<span style="font-weight:normal;"><u>Tama</u>, you're one of my earliest cruiser. Does it means that you're easy to find and will soon come back to my fleet? I hope so!!!</span>



====Seventh batch (26 Mar 2016)====

<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed" data-expandtext="Read 7th batch (extra long read)" data-collapsetext="Hide">
This time, three newly-Kai'd destroyers will be graduated because my base has been stucked in 97/100 for a month and recently 98/100 due to a wild Shimakaze suddenly breezed into my base via construction. These destroyers doesn't have any quests related to them (well, one has but she had completed it and I delayed her leave because I'm quiet fond of her) and my reason to keep them at bay is because they have new Kai arts. Let's start with the destroyer whom I fond of, she is <u>Kagerou</u>. I first saw her at my friend's naval base and thought that she's a rare or maybe event-only DD therefore I was shocked when my friend used her carelessly as a cannon fodder. Then not long after that, she found her way into my base and I immediately like her cheerful personality. At first, I planned to keep her for an indefinite time but suddenly today I got an enlightment that I must let her go for the sake of the whole naval base. Well, she has been my expedition crew member and she also got her Kai from there. She has accompanied Shiranui and Arare on their graduation and now she's graduating too...- *sobs* ... *gets patted on the head*- eeh...? Oh right, I think I should also give my impression towards the next sisters too whom are Shiratsuyu and Murasame. I remembered meeting <u>Murasame</u> for the first time in my early days of being assigned to this naval base. It was fall and she was wearing her saury fishing outfit ''-[that looks great on her]-''. The impression that <u>Shiratsuyu</u> left for me is that she is an armpit girl ^-^v. Yeah really, her armpit looks delicious and even more so in her Kai damaged art ''-[I'm joking! Please don't call the MPs, I'm not a loli​con :p]-''. They too have served in the expedition department with rather good service record. It's my first all-Kai batch but the weird thing with this batch is that my emotions doesn't show up as usual even though I like all of the member of this batch ''-[have I became stoic because of the many graduations before especially during last (Winter 2016) event?]-...''


</div>
==== Eight batch (10 May 2016) ====

<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed" data-expandtext="Read 8th batch (long read)" data-collapsetext="Hide">
My participation in spring event has been postponed for a week because of numerous problems. Be it in preparation (levelling girls), quests and also shipgirls (actually, slots :d). After much boring mental decisions, finally five girls are chosen to be graduated. This batch is a mix of several ships which I rarely use in sorties even though their characters are okay for me. Let's start with a tragic love story, shall we :d? <u>Yura</u> ... she's my first love at first sight in this naval district :'). She has charming voice, nice braid, and lovable caring personality ''-[I really hope that Shiranui can become like her :P]-''. But sadly, she kept to be forgotten when it comes to utilizing her capability in combat... Some says that she has great ASW stats but recently, everyone can become great in ASW just by using quality equipments so that means she's just so-so in combat... :( Uaaagh... *sobs* ehh, I gotta let her go for the sake of this event *inhales*. Alright, next up is <u>Sazanami</u> whom is also an interesting character :d. I'll miss her "goshujin-sama" and "KTKR" :'). Too bad I can't keep her for the time being, she's a great person :'). On the other hand, <u>Kikuzuki</u> is way too cold for me to handle :d ''-[tbh, I prefer hot-blooded and cheerful girls]-''. So I find it kind of easy to let her go despite being a cost-effective Mutsuki-class. And then there's a funny thing about <u>Natori</u> back then which is I couldn't differentiate between her and Nagara therefore so many resources were misallocated XD for modernizations and else. Yeah it's too bad though that I'll lose a powerful non-Kai Ni CL like her... And finally, we have <u>Chikuma</u> whom I bet Tone will miss so much but maybe I can take her place for sometime to spoil Tone :d


</div>

====Ninth batch (17 May 2016)====
Yeap, event time is surely like the end of a schoolyear; there's going to be a lot of graduates! :( Theoretically, I'm going to need another 2 bunks in my barracks but unexpected drops are surely unexpected in making surprises. Today, <u>Kiso</u> has to go... Honestly, I like her character and had a long term plan with her. But unfortunately, she hasn't participate a lot in sorties anymore since my fleet had become big. She was one of my top CL back then with her sister Tama ''-[uwaaah this sounds very dramatic but yeah it's like '''those forgotten childhood friends''' of ours... D':]-''. I think that I've began to feel things again, even if it's not as fiery as back then...



'''Second-ninth batch (18 May 2016)'''

<u>Tone</u> and <u>Maya</u>, looks like that you'll have to graduate right now. Hopefully it's a temporary graduation!


====Tenth batch (23 May 2016)====

<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed" data-expandtext="Read 10th batch (medium read but with contemplation)" data-collapsetext="Hide">
Uwaaah, I kinda regret to have let Nachi and Haguro go in the first place after looking at the quest page... I mean, now to graduate some of my destroyers, I need both of them so the said destroyer's quests can be completed and they can be peacefully released ... *gets poked by the current secretary fleet* ah? Eh oh right, I need to carry on with today's graduation so I can continue to complete this event <i>-[I think I need to finish by 26th because I'm going out until early June. Aaargh the sanity level]-</i> ehehe *scratches the back of the head*. Today I proudly announce that <u>Wakaba</u> has successfully completed all of her required quests and receives a first-class medal for her service. She has done the impossible like going in to 3-2 with only -teens level and came back in one piece. She's truly a model destroyer and her name will be remembered in this fleet <strike>as a masochist</strike> :p ^-^v. Next, we have <u>Hamakaze</u>... *sigh* I don't want to say goodbye to her right now but situation compels me to do so... I think that she's one of the first rare destroyer to came to my fleet... Ma, gotta do what to do *kisses goodbye to her*... PS: no, I didn't fall for her in the first place for her 'assets'. I'm not a huge bewb fanboy tbh :d.
</div>



'''Tenth batch phase 2 (23 May 2016)'''

Kumaaaaa, I'm beary sad kumaaa... I have to let go my bear-ship because I bearly have any slots left kumaaaaa... <u>Kuma</u>, I want you to know that you're one of the bestest CL out there <3. Until we see again, Kuma :')


====Eleventh batch (24 May 2016)====
Huaaah, this time <u>Takao</u> and <u>Kinu</u> have to go... Takao was and has been one of the four heavy-hitting CA in my fleet so I guess my combat capabilities might take a week to recover... You have served my armada well, Takao; respect! O7. Ahh, Kinu ... the naval base's joker ''-[really tbh, I never used her in sorties so she must've been joking all day around in my base :d]-''. I bet most of my shipgirls will miss you, Kinu. Farewell!


====???!!! (27 June 2016)====

<p style="text-align:center;">'''R.I.P.'''</p>

<p style="text-align:center;">Here lies the hopes and dreams of</p>

<p style="text-align:center;">'''<u>''I-168 (Imuya)''</u>'''</p>

<p style="text-align:center;">Winter 2016 in E-1 - A month after Spring 2016 in 3-2A</p>

<p style="text-align:center;">''"Ahh, I wanted to bathe in the sun more... I've had enough of... the seabed..."''</p>
TTK Note: NOOOOOHOHO... Now you're staying on the seabed forever...! *sobs* I had a crush on her when I visited my friend's naval base back then in Fall 2015 event... Aaargh, I muted the game while reading this wikia and absent-mindedly head into the next sortie... Of course she's my first sunken ship and I've previously watched the sinking animation of another repair team-equiped ship but ... man it does gives you the echoing feeling in your heart... Aiummm, would you like to come back again to my base when you've forgiven me...?

==== Twelfth batch (21 Nov 2016) ====

<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed" data-expandtext="Read 12th batch (medium read)" data-collapsetext="Hide">
Hello again! After a long hiatus, I've finally come back (even though I still have PTSD from that dreaded Spring 2016 event ._. The music kept haunting me) and are ready to go in an event once more! But as we know it, before starting an event we must empty some bunks first... This batch consists of several rare DDs and also a starter ship. We'll have <u>Samidare</u> as the starter. She had done her duty in quests and had already received her honorary Kai status from that so she had been a great Kanmusu in this naval base... Next, we have <u>Maikaze</u>. Yeap this dancer and happy-go-lucky shipgirl hasn't done much yet (it's my fault tbh .-.) but sadly she needs to go and pursue her dancer career (I hope so!). Finally there's our fairy spy, the famous error-chan doppelganger - <u>Asagumo</u>! I actually like her character and she's been a good girl after all this time. I sincerely hope that you won't give me catbombs because of this! >.< A good luck would be much appreciated, Errorgumo-sama. :)
</div>

====Thirteenth batch (2 Dec 2016)====

<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed" data-expandtext="Read 13th batch (medium read)" data-collapsetext="Hide">
In order to farm E-1, some slots need to be cleared and that brings us to another fresh batch of graduates! This time, we have the equipment-farmable DD which is <u>Takanami</u>! Yeah she's a relatively new destrololi in the naval base but decisions need to be made so here we go~ I'd like to sincerely thank you for my first ever Skilled Lookout. O7 Then the next one we have is <u>Harusame</u>! Fun fact: I actually Kai'd her just like an hour ago and sortie her to 1-5 to get her damaged CG. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) *gets slapped* Ouch! Sorry for my behavior. :p Yeah, she got a cute voice and damaged art. :3 #NotLoliconTho Our last ship is <u>Urakaze</u>! BOOHOOHOO WHYYY??? I like her voice and hair! T.T ALSO HER FALL YUKATA CG IS GOD TIER. OAO Yea well, at least I've took photograph of her so I guess I can let her go now... I actually hold on to her on the last batch but this batch is finally her time to go.
</div>

====Fourteenth batch (13 Jan 2017)====

<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed" data-expandtext="Read 14th batch (medium read with conspiracy theory)" data-collapsetext="Hide">
Due to my resolve to get Zuikaku whom has been cockblocking many quests and also DD releases, some bunks need to be emptied. It is hypothetically that having more ship slots will give better or rare drops rather than standard fodders, so here we go. We have three graduates this time whom are Maruyu, Uranami, and Atago. Yes, <u>Maruyu</u> has just came back roughly a month ago but now it's her departure time again. Due to the nature of luck modernization if I only have one of her then whether she's Kai'd or not then it'll still be one or two point(s) added, so I'll just have her graduated now in her teens level. She has been a great relieve in the world of SparkleColle and I'm going to commend her for that. O7 It seems that I still can't see Maruyu as merely an asset instead of normal shipgirl despite that it may ''really be who she is'' in KanColle. ._. Next, we have <u>Uranami</u> and because of her addition was with Kinu Kai Ni (whom I still haven't got back yet XD) so she's mostly unable to do quests that's related to her, so here we are. The last is our heroine, <u>Atago</u>. She's been my top performing CA and was only deployed in the highest level of difficulty. It's indeed sad to have someone, whose stats are great despite the lack of Kai Ni, to be gone from my elite CA list... I salute you, Bratago. O7
</div>


{| class="article-table sortable mw-collapsible mw-collapsed" data-expandtext="View" data-collapsetext="Hide"
! class="unsortable" |Kanmusu
!Level
!Ship ID
!Date Graduated
! class="unsortable" |<strike>Musashi's Return</strike>
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Shirayuki/Kai|flagship=true}}
|21
|3
|2016-02-11
|
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Hatsuyuki}}
|13
|5
|2016-02-11
|
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Samidare/Kai}}
|20
|6
|2016-11-21
|
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Ooshio}}
|9
|10
|2016-01-18
|At 23 Apr 2016, as #2102, because of Kai Ni + art :d
|-
|
{{Template:ShipBattleCardKai|Murasame/Kai}}
|20
|11
|2016-03-26
|
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Kiso/Kai|flagship=true}}
|21
|12
|2016-05-17
|
|-
|
{{Template:ShipBattleCardKai|Nenohi/Kai|flagship=true}}
|21
|17
|2016-02-26
|
|-
|
{{Template:ShipBattleCardKai|Suzukaze/}}
|9
|19
|2016-01-08
|
|-
|{{Template:ShipBattleCardKai|Tama/Kai}}
|22
|23
|2016-02-28
|
|-
|{{Template:ShipBattleCardKai|Arare/|flagship=true}}
|11
|27
|2016-02-20
|
|-
|{{Template:ShipBattleCardKai|Miyuki/}}
|7
|31
|2016-01-08
|
|-
|
{{Template:ShipBattleCardKai|Shiratsuyu/Kai}}
|20
|35
|2016-03-26
|
|-
|
{{ShipBattleCardKai|Arashio}}
|9
|45
|2016-01-18
|
|-
|{{Template:ShipBattleCardKai|Shikinami/|flagship=true}}
|20
|46
|2016-01-08
|
|-
|{{Template:ShipBattleCardKai|Atago/Kai|flagship=true}}
|56
|48
|2017-01-13
|
|-
|
{{Template:ShipBattleCardKai|Isonami/}}
|10
|50
|2016-01-08
|
|-
|{{Template:ShipBattleCardKai|Kikuzuki/}}
|21
|51
|2016-05-10
|
|-
|{{Template:ShipBattleCardKai|Natori/}}
|21
|61
|2016-05-10
|
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Asashio|flagship=true}}
|10
|86
|2016-01-18
|
|-
|
{{ShipBattleCardKai|Nachi/}}
|15
|116
|2016-02-26
|
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Wakaba/Kai}}
|20
|123
|2016-05-23
|
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Takao/Kai|flagship=true}}
|38
|151
|2016-05-24
|
|-
|{{Template:ShipBattleCardKai|Sazanami/}}
|13
|157
|2016-05-10
|
|-
|{{Template:ShipBattleCardKai|Yura|flagship=true}}
|25
|158
|2016-05-10
|At 19th December 2016, as #2986, because of LOVE <3 and also potent OASW :3
|-
|{{Template:ShipBattleCardKai|Chikuma/}}
|17
|168
|2016-05-10
|
|-
|
{{Template:ShipBattleCardKai|Shiranui/}}
|12
|242
|2016-02-20
|
|-
|
{{ShipBattleCardKai|Haguro/}}
|13
|275
|2016-02-26
|
|-
|
{{Template:ShipBattleCardKai|Kuroshio/}}
|9
|299
|2016-01-08
|
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Kuma}}
|22
|408
|2016-05-23
|
|-
|
{{Template:ShipBattleCardKai|Kagerou/Kai|flagship=true}}
|20
|599
|2016-03-26
|
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Kinu/Kai}}
|20
|938
|2016-05-24
|
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Hamakaze|flagship=true}}
|10
|1117
|2016-05-23
|
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Urakaze|flagship=true}}
|35
|1229
|2016-12-02
|
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|I-168/|grayscale=true|layers=status_sunk}}
|12~13
|1460~1526
|2016-06-27
|At 30th December 2016, as #3195. Imuya, so you've forgiven me now...? :') I'm glad that you came back to me via construction. :D
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Asagumo/Kai|flagship=true}}
|35
|1638
|2016-11-21
|
|-
|
{{Template:ShipBattleCardKai|Maruyu/}}
|1
|1672
|2016-02-28
|At 17th December 2016, as #2958, because of LSC result and sparklecolle 0:)
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Harusame/Kai}}
|30
|2352
|2016-12-02
|
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Maikaze}}
|4
|2432
|2016-11-21
|
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Takanami/Kai}}
|30
|2484
|2016-12-02
|
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Uranami/Kai}}
|31
|2806
|2017-01-13
|
|-
|{{ShipBattleCardKai|Maruyu}}
|14
|2958
|2017-01-13
|
|}