==Fifth Carrier Division Strike Force==
{{ShipCardKai|Shoukaku/Kai Ni A}}{{ShipCardKai|Zuikaku/Kai Ni|layers=ring ring_glow}}{{ShipCardKai|Taihou/Kai}}{{ShipCardKai|Graf Zeppelin/Kai}}{{ShipCardKai|Zuihou/Kai}}{{ShipCardKai|Katsuragi/Kai}}{{ShipCardKai|Hatsuzuki/Kai}}{{ShipCardKai|Asashio/Kai Ni}}{{ShipCardKai|Yamashiro/Kai Ni}}

---

Trivia:

== Zuikaku, the Fighting Lady ==
Out of all IJN Standard Aircraft Carriers, HIJMS Zuikaku has participated in the most battles during the Pacific War with eight battles. However, if we take account of battles of the 2nd Sino-Japanese War and include Light Aircraft Carriers, then the title would go to Ryujo as the Carrier with the most battle fought of nine battles.

Akagi and Shokaku are tied with seven battles participated; Kaga and Soryu have participated in six battles, while Hiryu have participated in four battles.

Zuikaku:

I.) Attack on Pearl Harbor (Dec. 07th 1941)

II.) New Guinea-Papua; Bismarck Islands (Jan. 20th-24th 1942)

III.) Raids into the Indian Ocean (March 31st - April 09th, 1942)

IV.) Battle of the Coral Sea (May 07th-08th, 1942)

V.) Battle of the Eastern Solomons ( August 24th-25th, 1942)

VI.) Battle of Santa Cruz (Oct. 26th, 1942)

VII.) Battle of Philippine Sea (June 19th-20th, 1944)

VIII.) Battle of Cape Engano, part of Battle of Leyte Gulf (Oct. 25th, 1944)

Note: This is my preliminary research so-far, and will be updated and amended later on, as my research progresses. I'm planning on doing a "combat report" for some of the Carriers in regards to their combat history and notable achievements throughout their service in the IJN.
==My favorite pages==

* [[Zuikaku]]
* [[Zuihou]]
* [[Katsuragi]]