== Notes to Nanamin ==

=== Expeditions ===
* Normal Expeditions is 2/5/38 in fleet order.
* Overnight expeditions is 40/5/38 in fleet order.
* Exp 2 Consists of highest leveled Subs, Imuya, Iku, Hachi, and Dechi.
* Exp 40 Consists of Preset with Jintsuu lead.
* Exp 5 Consists of 1 Tenryuu Class, 2 DD that can carry Daihatsu (Use and resparkle Kisaragi if able because she has the Daihatsus), and 2 subs, all sparkled, or ABKM with Daihatsu, 2 mutsuki class (Same as before), and 2 subs.
* Exp 38 Consists of ABKM with full Daihatsu, 2 DDs that carry only drums, the ones that are sparkled are the ones meant for 38, others are meant for 40, and Kisaragi, Mutsuki, and Hatsushimo stay non sparkled in their existing positions.

=== Missions ===
* Crafting with radars 10/11/251/250, otherwise default 10's.
* Constructions are default.
* Akashi Mods go to ASW, AP Shells, or 20.3 Mk1/2/3 or 35.6 variants.
* Mod torp or armor or firepower onto any girl that can take them.
* Sortie Dailies including 3 transports if you want.
* Basically doing this stuff is optional but if you have the spare time.

=== Fleet Presets ===
By order, they are:
# Exp 40.
# PVP VS Sub Fleets.
# 6-1 fleet
# 4-3, feel free to do that if you want.
# PVP VS Land Fleets.
# Mutsuki class replacements for expeditions.
# 5-5 Support.
# 3-5.

=== Ships ===
* In PVP, freely change equips as you see fit.
* Always keep around 10 slots open, scrap everything except AA  mods and a few DDs for sparkling on the side.
* Current leveling target is Harukaze and Kamikaze as well as Akizuki if you ever want to 4-3.
* All non kai subs are meant for expeditions.
* Use scrap DD's for sparkling or whatever you see fit.

=== Thanks for helping me Nanamin it's a really big help since I'm bad :v ===