Heya, someguyjumping here. 

My in game name is Tsukkomi, I'm on the Shortland Docks server and am an Aussie. I'm also a 100 slotter. I started playing in November of 2014 and really hate the anime. It's so bad that if I was being really nice, I'd have to give it a low 12/10 (that's not a typo). Hopefully the next season can meet my expectations and get that magical 9001/420 that I expected Kancolle to get.

I don't tend to level a single ship for very long hence why my highest level ship is lower than most. I do feel that I have more Kai Ni's than most players at this level would but I'm not sure. If I had to level ships to 99, I would level Kaga, Kongou, Mutsu, Ryuujou and Haruna. And in that order.

I ain't perfect and I tend to make a lot of mistakes so if I misinform you in anyway, I apologize. 

'''Event Progress'''

E-1 Hard - Complete - 8 runs

E-2 Hard - Complete - Perfect* run, 6 runs

E-3 Hard - Complete - 12 runs

E-4 Hard - Complete - Near Perfect run, 8 runs

E-5 Hard - Complete - Absolute hell, more than 40 buckets, over 6000 fuel and steel. Never again. Note to self: use Yamatos, not Nagatos

E-6 Hard - Complete - I had a feeling going into E-5 that E-6 would be absolute hell in comparison but after struggling through E-5 already, it could be possible that the difficulty jump won't be ''that'' much. I was wrong. Oh so very wrong. E-5 was a cake walk in comparison. Fuck you AC Hime. 

<nowiki>*</nowiki>I consider perfect run to be no retreats, not no damage... I don't think that's possible. 

HQ Level 91 - FIRST CLASS MEDAL GET

'''MAH FLEET:'''

'''(f)BB(V)'''

Kongou Kai Ni (82)

Hiei Kai Ni (77)

Haruna Kai Ni (81)

Kirishima Kai NI (76)

Nagato Kai (52)

Mutsu Kai (53)

Musashi Kai (40)

Ise Kai (58)

Hyuuga Kai (57)

Fusou Kai (43)

Yamashiro Kai (43)

Littorio (1)

'''CA(V)'''

Myoukou Kai (38)

Nachi Kai Ni (65)

Ashigara Kai Ni (66)

Haguro Kai NI (66)

Suzuya Kai (35)

Kumano Kai (35)

Mogami Kai (21)

Rest aren't really worth mentioning since they are so low level/not remodeled

'''CV(L)'''

Akagi Kai (59)

Kaga Kai (59)

Souryuu Kai Ni (78)

Shoukaku Kai (53)

Zuikaku Kai (58)

Taihou Kai (55)

Jun'you Kai Ni (80)

Ryuujou Kai Ni (75)

Chitose CVL Kai Ni (53)

Chiyoda CVL Kai Ni (50)

Rest aren't worth mentioning again.

'''CL(T)'''

Sendai Kai Ni (61)

Jinstuu Kai Ni (62)

Naka Kai Ni (48)

Isuzu Kai Ni (55)

Kitakami CLT Kai Ni (55)

Ooi CLT Kai Ni (56)

Kiso Kai (45) 

Rest aren't worth mentioning again. 

'''DD'''

Hatsushimo Kai Ni (71)

Verniy (71)

Ushio Kai Ni (61)

Shigure Kai Ni (60)

Yuudachi Kai Ni (58)

Fubuki Kai (57)

Ayanami Kai (46)

Yukikaze Kai (40)

Shimakaze Kai (35)

Hayashimo (4, E-2 Boss)

Tokitsukaze (2, E-3 Boss)

Rest aren't worth mentioning

'''SS'''

Goya (47)

Hachi (39)

Iku (31)

Imuya (11)

'''Other'''

Akashi Kai (35)

Akitsumaru (1, got her in the E-4 boss)