




Just posting my bye bye.

I didn't enter the game since the 2018 winter event and it is almost the middle of May now. I finished the event, and then burned 200'000 RES and 100'000 BAUX into trying to get Iowa. Well, I don't rly care about RL Iowa and her crews inability to hit a broadside of a farm from 10 meters, or even her ingame Illustration and Engrish VA, however in this game she for some reason has OP stats, and i wanted her to strenghten my fleet for the future events.

Frankly, i was shocked that it was even possible not to get a shipfu after spending so much of my time and res, and started to seriously think about leaving KC.

TBH phase 2 does not sound promising, it looks as if it will be slow-arsed lazy work that will last for a year and bring nothing game changing. I was hoping for animated secretaries and some serious QOL changes. As i don't see any mention of any of that up to this day, i guess this is it. Also, the game became boring to me.. It felt so much better years ago when i started it. Today the devs just add bunch of gear with specific conditions and create super trolling events that in reality have 3 times more maps than they should (multiple bossess per map require much more runs , etc.) This in turn wastes even more of my time for very little reward.

I burned this little scrap of paper with my DMM ACC data and cleared my PC from KC data. As the account is linked to deleted email address - It is done!

Thanks to everyone in this community that helped me when i was still a green TTK. And i thank players hanging in KC chat for years of chatting and all the fun!

Be well and see you all somewhere on the interwebz!