Teitoku-ing since July 31st, 2015

Married to Satsuki since February 24, 2016.

Married to Hiei since February 7, 2017

'''Event History-'''
# '''Summer 2015 (Easy):''' Completion through E-5, and then a lot of Roma farming. '''Event results'''- Tokitsukaze, Ooyodo (x2. scrapped the second one cuz I was a stupid noob), reward ships (Libecchan - Event Primary Goal Achieved). '''Field Promotions'''- For exemplary service in the field of "Oh Crap, I need another DD", Hatsuharu earned muches of levels.
# '''Fall 2015 (Normal)''': Completion through E-4, then some luckless Graf farming, then trying E-5 (on easy), cursing the name of PT Imp, and some more luckless Graf farming. '''Event Results'''- Uzuki, Asashimo, Kiyoshimo. '''Field Promotions'''- For exemplary service in E-3, Sazanami, Murakumo, and Tenryuu are promised muches of levels. For continued service, Hatsuharu is awarded a reinforcement slot thingy. '''Purple Torp Recipients'''- For surviving my callous disregard for their lives (getting out of E-3: More valuable than a level 20 life and three barrels), Mutsuki and Kisaragi are promised muches of levels and K2 status.
# '''Winter 2016 (E-1 Hard, Rest Normal)''': Completion. I hate you so much, E-3 troll subs, and I hate transport fleets. May have discovered what music RNG-sama likes, and will potentially exploit this in the future. I very much appreciated the lack of shiplocking. '''Event Results'''-''' '''Iowa gun, Ro 43, Mizuho, Urakaze, Kazagumo, Akizuki, Hatsuzuki, Zara. '''Field Promotions'''- For her excellent use of searchlight at E-3 Last Dance, Satsuki is awarded a reinforcement slot.
# Participation in Spring, Summer, and Fall '16. Completed Spring through E-5 (and hated the LBAS mechanic), Summer through E-2, and completed Fall (full easy). Commentary nonexistent due to a gap of months before I thought to update my private record here.
# '''Winter 2017: '''E-1? Easy trash, Hardmode it, no problem. Everything else? Hard trash, easymode it, no problem (insufficient resources and patience for anything more). I still hate transport fleets. '''Spoils'''- A Ridiculous Hat and Attached Shipgirl, Fujinami (incidental drop while clearing), Vanity Sub #1 Rocky, Amatsukaze, Zuihou (''finally!''), Teruzuki (while hunting Hitomi), Hagikaze. '''Special Mentions'''- Any shipgirl is good if you care, hats off to Satsuki for ending LD with an S rank with a radical TCI.

'''Current Activity''' - Event in Progress

'''Current Top Six-'''

Satsuki K2 - 120

Hiei K2 - 100

Kiso K2 - 98

Hatsuharu K2 - 95

Kitakami K2 - 93

Hyuuga K2, Ooi K2 - 92

'''Firsts - '''

First DD - Inazuma

First CL - Kitakami

First Real CL - Nagara

First CA - Maya

First BB - Hiei

First CV(L) - Houshou

First K2 - Hatsuharu