Last Updated: 12-07-2017

This page serves as a collection of all research related to night battle.

==Summary==
We can assume that the browser version uses the same formula as the vitacolle, with a few twists:
* TCI is confirmed to have a rate of 122.
* Hybrid CI is confirmed to have a rate of 115.
* Triple CI is confirmed to have a rate of 140.
* Secondary CI is not confirmed to be 130, but can be assumed, as it has no real impact either way.
* DA is not 110, the browser version has a DA rate of 99% instead.
* Flagshipbonus is confirmed to be +15.
* Chuuha increase is +18, using TCI tests.
* Searchlight is confirmed to be +7, -5 for the enemy.
* Starshell is confirmed to be +4, -10 for the enemy.


The following has yet to be confirmed:
* Lookout bonus is stated to be 5, but this has yet to be confirmed.
* The bonus for Large Searchlight is unknown.

{{clear}}
==Haru's Formula==
Up to some point, I've always relied on the formula proposed by [http://ch.nicovideo.jp/HSG/blomaga/ar1019144 Haru]. The formula seems to be accurate to some point when it comes to TCI attacks below 50 luck, but it does not cover the inconsistency above 50 luck and it also does not explain the different rates when it comes to gun cut-ins and hybrid cut-ins.

The formula is as follows:
* TCI is a +14% constant
* Flagships gain an additional +12%
* Chuuha ships gain an additional +10%
* The CI increase from levels is (Lvl/20)%
* The CI increase from luck is (Luck x 0.85)% if below 51 luck.
* The CI decrease is dependent on the enemy's luck, using (Luck/10)%

==Vitacolle Formula==
Unlike haru's proposed formulas, the one used in vitacolle is actually pretty accurate and it is very likely that the browser version uses the same one. Kenneth has compiled a [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tqYyqzdc1RT_fYDKFMcUId0kOZHCdGpVsObm6yt-Yco/edit# google doc] regarding the info scraped from vitacolle.

===If the luck is below 50:===
(15 + Luck + 0.75 x √Lvl + Bonuses) / Rate

===If the luck is 50 or above===
(65 + √(Luck - 50) + 0.8 x √Lvl + Bonuses) / Rate

===Bonuses===
* flagshipBonus = +15 if flagship
*chuuhaBonus = +18 if medium damaged
* lookoutBonus = +5 if ship has lookout equipped
* searchlight = +7% if activated, -5% if enemy
* star shell = +4% if activated, -10% if enemy

For the most part, the [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/155L1l555hPgB2zidnw-uYu7sWYW6SAS6rC5M4mnFn9Y/edit#gid=1160974970 tests] seems to point in the direction that the browser uses the same formula as vitacolle, minus the DA modifier. The point about Skilled Lookouts has still yet to be proven though.