== Introduction ==
Usually found simply lurking around and occasionally leaving comments. Started out as a Touken Ranbu player but joined KanColle on a whim on May 9th, 2015. 

Current HQ level: 103 

Server: Truk Anchorage

Status: takin' it easy

Notes: June 5th, 2016. Asashimo gave me Musashi. (and Yamato mk2 right before that hahaha)

BP queue area: 
# Shoukaku
# Tone
# Unryuu
# Katsuragi (when she's available... I hope we get see her in summer 2016)
# Roma / Italia
# Taigei

== 作戦完了の報告書です。 ==

=== '''1st Event: Counterattack! The Second Operation SN (Summer 2015)''' ===
This was a 337-bucket event. Around two thirds of those buckets were for E8.

'''E1-E7: S-rank.''' Reached all of the goals I set for myself prior the event and successfully cleared E7 on Easy

'''E8: A-rank.''' Did not find Kazagumo and Unryuu, despite nearly depleting fuel & ammo and fighting till the last moments of the event.

'''Big 7:''' '''Maya-sama''' (AA goddess by day, boss killer by night), '''Yahagi''' (who said CLs can't take down Ru-class battleships in day battle), '''Yukikaze''' (delivered the killing blow despite being chuuha'd and saved us all from E7), '''Taihou '''(one-shot E6 boss), '''Kaga''' (you sure put those new Murata Squadron planes to good use), '''Nagato''' (for one shotting E3 boss nearly everytime for E8), '''Junyou''' (for all your hard work in multiple maps. This event was really centered around CVLs)

'''Special Mention:''' '''Mutsu''' (Joined fleet during event, fought alongside the elite kanmusus in E6 and E7), the '''EXPEDITION FLEETS''' (this fleet is nothing without you)

'''Most Epic Moment:''' E3 Medium last dance. Three in a row cut-ins from Shigure, Yukikaze, and Kitakami. Total overkill and totally awesome.

'''Notable Drops:''' E1: Tokitsukaze, Ooyodo, Nowaki, E2: Harusame, Zuikaku, Agano, E3: Amatsukaze, Maikaze, Isokaze, E4: Mutsu, Umikaze, Kiyoshimo, E5: Roma, E6: Naganami, Asagumo

=== 2nd Event: Fall 2015 ===
E1-E5: A-rank. Did not clear the event on Hard because of real life work. (read: no time or energy)

E6: B-rank. I did not find Prinz Eugen and Akizuki. Faaaaaiiiiil. Maybe I used up my luck in the last event. I did find Kazagumo and Asashimo however, so there's still that.

Big 7: Abukuma (Doubtless the MVP of the event), Maya-sama (AACI goddess, enough said), Bismarck (you did wonderful for your first event, thank you), Akitsumaru (E3 would have driven me insane without you), Kaga & Zuikaku (for your hard work in E4 even though I failed to rescue Prinz Eugen), Shigure (savior of E5)

Notable Drops: E1: Kazagumo, Uzuki, E2: zilch, E3: Asashimo, Hatsukaze, E4: Graf Zeppelin, E5: zilch