
'''WARNING''': Please note that Torpedo Cruisers (CLT) '''DON'T COUNT''' as Light Cruisers (CL).

{| class="wikitable typography-xl-optout"
!Ship
!Priority
!Notes
!Availability
|-
|{{ShipLink|Kitakami Kai Ni}}<br>'''(CLT)'''
|style="background-color:#A5D6A7"|'''Very High'''
|
* Strongest in Night Fire + Torpedo Power.
**Able to reach Night Battle Firepower Cap.
* Able to do a preemptive Opening Torpedo Attack with {{EquipmentLink|Kouhyouteki}}.
* Low Remodel Level of '''(50)'''.
|style="background-color:#A5D6A7"|
* Drops everywhere starting from [[1-1]] Boss Node.
* All 30-Recipe in [[Construction]]
|-
|{{ShipLink|Ooi Kai Ni}}<br>'''(CLT)'''
|style="background-color:#A5D6A7"|'''Very High'''
|
* Strongest in Night Fire + Torpedo Power.
**Able to reach Night Battle Firepower Cap.
* Able to do a preemptive Opening Torpedo Attack with {{EquipmentLink|Kouhyouteki}}.
* Low Remodel Level of '''(50)'''.
|style="background-color:#FFE0B2"|
* Rare Drop starting from World [[2-3]].
* Available from Heavy Cruiser Recipe in [[Construction]]
|-
|{{ShipLink|Sendai Kai Ni}}
|style="background-color:#A5D6A7"|'''Very High'''
|
* High Stats in Firepower and Torpedo.
* '''Brings the Full Night-Battle Equipment Set:
**{{Searchlight}} {{EquipmentLink|Searchlight}}
**{{StarShell}} {{EquipmentLink|Star Shell}}
**{{Seaplane}} {{EquipmentLink|Type 98 Reconnaissance Seaplane (Night Recon)}}
* Low Remodel Level of '''(60)'''.
|style="background-color:#A5D6A7"|
* Drops everywhere from [[1-1]].
* All 30-Recipe in [[Construction]]
|-
|{{ShipLink|Isuzu Kai Ni}}
|style="background-color:#A5D6A7"|'''Very High'''
|
* '''Able to use [[Partials/Opening ASW|OASW]] Attack without any ASW Equipment.'''
**Due to this reason, you are highly recommended to have her ready before you reach Lv. 80 HQ for World [[1-5]], and for any Submarine Maps in Events.
*Able to use Specialized AACI of 1.45 K Value (+5 Shotdown)
**Setup is {{GreenGunDP}}{{GreenGunMG}}{{Radar}}
**'''Warning''': Please note this AACI will overwrite any stronger AACI, including the ones from Akizuki-class and Maya Kai Ni, so do not use them together.
* Very Low Remodel Level of '''(50)'''.
|style="background-color:#A5D6A7"|
* Drops everywhere starting from [[1-2]].
* All 30-Recipe in [[Construction]]
|-
|{{ShipLink|Abukuma Kai Ni}}
|style="background-color:#A5D6A7"|'''Very High'''
|
* <span style="color:red">'''Blueprint Required'''</span>
** She is considered the very first ship you should use Blueprint on due to her capabilities.
* Gains the ability to equip {{EquipmentLink|Kouhyouteki}}, which allows her to function like a CLT, while remaining classified as a CL.
* Capable of equipping all kinds of [[List of Landing Crafts by stats|Landing Crafts]].
* Comes with a {{EquipmentLink|Daihatsu Landing Craft}}.
* High Remodel Level of '''(75)'''.
|style="background-color:#FFE0B2"|
* First available as drop on the boss node of [[2-5]].
* Becomes a more common drop on the boss nodes of [[World 4]].
* Can be [[Construction|constructed]] with the Light Cruiser recipe.
|-
|{{ShipLink|Kiso Kai Ni}}<br>'''(CLT)'''
|style="background-color:#C8E6C9"|'''High'''
|
* Slightly stronger in Firepower, but weaker in Torpedo Power compared to Kitakami & Ooi.
* Able to do a preemptive Opening Torpedo Attack with {{EquipmentLink|Kouhyouteki}}.
* Able to equip {{EquipmentLink|Anti-torpedo Bulge (Medium)|text=Medium Bulges}}
**Gains additional stats from {{EquipmentLink|Arctic Camouflage (+ Arctic Equipment)}} Anti-Torpedo Bulge.
* Seldom High Remodel Level of '''(65)'''.
|style="background-color:#A5D6A7"|
* Drops everywhere starting from [[1-1]] Boss Node.
* All 30-Recipe in [[Construction]]
|-
|{{ShipLink|Jintsuu Kai Ni}}
|style="background-color:#C8E6C9"|'''High'''
|
* '''Highest Stats in Firepower and Torpedo for Light Cruiser.'''
* Brings {{Searchlight}} {{EquipmentLink|Searchlight}}
* Low Remodel Level of '''(60)'''.
|style="background-color:#A5D6A7"|
* Drops everywhere from [[1-1]].
* All 30-Recipe in [[Construction]]
|-
|{{ShipLink|Ooyodo Kai}}
|style="background-color:#C8E6C9"|'''High'''
|
* The only 4-Slot Light Cruiser in the Game that can use [[Artillery Spotting]] via Seaplanes unlike {{ShipLink|Yuubari}}.
* 2nd Highest Firepower among Light Cruisers, but very weak in Torpedo Power.
* The only ship in the game that brings {{EquipmentLink|Fleet Command Facility}} as Stock Equipment.
* Able to equip {{EquipmentLink|10cm Twin High-angle Gun Mount Kai + Additional Machine Guns}} in {{EquipmentLink|Reinforcement Expansion}} Slot.
* Average Remodel Level of '''(30)'''. 
|style="background-color:#EF9A9A"|
* Drops in World [[1-6]] Node B, but Drop Rate is extremely low.
*Due to this fact, she is practically considered '''"Event-Only"'''.
|-
|{{ShipLink|Naka Kai Ni}}
|style="background-color:#C8E6C9"|'''High'''
|
* Averagely stronger in Firepower and Torpedo
* High ASW Stats, where after a bit more leveling, she will be able to reach 100 ASW with {{EquipmentLink|Type 3 Active Sonar|Type 4 Passive Sonar|Type 3 Depth Charge Projector|text=ASW Equipment}} for access to [[Partials/Opening ASW|OASW]]. 
* Very Low Remodel Level of '''(48)'''.
|style="background-color:#A5D6A7"|
* Drops everywhere starting from [[1-1]] Boss Node.
* All 30-Recipe in [[Construction]]
|-
|
{{ShipLink|Kuma Kai}} 
{{ShipLink|Nagara Kai}} 
{{ShipLink|Natori Kai}}
|style="background-color:#C8E6C9"|'''High'''
|
* All of them are 2nd strongest in Firepower and Torpedo among Light Cruisers
**{{ShipLink|Natori Kai|text=Natori}} has -10 weaker {{Armor}}Armor however.
* Easy Remodel Level of '''(20)'''.
|style="background-color:#A5D6A7"|
* Drops everywhere commonly.
* All 30-Recipe in [[Construction]]
|-
|{{ShipLink|Yuubari Kai}}
|style="background-color:#FFE0B2"|'''Medium'''
|
* 4-Slot Light Cruiser
* Low Combat Stats (which can be amended with Proper Equipment and Setup), and Very Low {{HP}} and {{Armor}}.
* At High Level of 70 or so, it will become possible to reach 100 ASW stats and gain access to [[Partials/Opening ASW|OASW]] with use of 3 high ASW {{EquipmentLink|Type 3 Active Sonar|Type 4 Passive Sonar|text=Sonars}} and {{EquipmentLink|Type 3 Depth Charge Projector}}, turning her into a great Light Cruiser for ASW purposes.
* Cannot use [[Artillery Spotting]] due to 0 {{Aircraft}} Slots.
* Easy Remodel Level of '''(25)'''.
|style="background-color:#A5D6A7"|
* First available as drop in Boss Node of [[1-2]].
* Can be [[Construction|constructed]] with All-30 recipe at a low rate. 
|-
|{{ShipLink|Yura Kai Ni}}
|style="background-color:#FFE0B2"|'''Medium'''
|
* <span style="color:red">'''Blueprint Required'''</span>
* Capable of equipping all kinds of [[List of Landing Crafts by stats|landing crafts]].
* Gains the ability to equip {{EquipmentLink|Skilled Carrier-based Aircraft Maintenance Personnel|text=SCAMP}}
* Gains the ability to equip Seaplane Bombers and Seaplane Fighters.
* Capable of equipping a {{EquipmentLink|8cm High-angle Gun}} in the [[Reinforcement Expansion]].
* High Remodel Level of '''(77)'''.
|style="background-color:#A5D6A7"|
* First available as drop in world [[1-2]].
* Drops frequently everywhere.
* Can be [[Construction|constructed]] with the Destroyer recipe.
|}
[[Category:Shinhwalee sandboxes]]